I'm sure some material will offend some people, but that shouldn't give them the right to want to take it off the shelf. No, I don't agree with removing them because it's easy for people to ignore them and not read them. Some @MONTH1 think they are offensive, but they should know they are not directed at them. Magazines are different because they have people's faces on their covers, which is unnecessary. Some of them have families and don't want their faces on the covers of magazines. Katherine Patterson's famous quote about wanting to take books off the shelf so kids aren't tempted to read them. If that's the case, I don't think it's the right thing to do. Some of these books that people are taking off shelves may be books that people can use to connect or even learn. Weather or not, do you want your kids to read them, they can still find them and ask why they've never seen it before and parents don't know what to say. Libraries are a resource for people who want to read and learn new things. If you grab a book off the shelf, it's probably the book someone really needs. Don't be the one who deprives your child of learning. You never know who will be looking for what you take. If you take it away, they @MONTH1 will never find it. Some people think that reading something affects the way they behave, but you can't blame it on reading. It's like saying your favorite color is lime green because that's @PERSON2's favorite color. It's not true, it's definitely not true. What would you do if your parents hid a book or something from you? You get mad at them and wonder why. It will make you eager to read it. If they didn't hide it and you found it, you probably don't want to read it because your parents will let you see it and you won't be interested. You have choices when it comes to what your kids read, watch and listen to. Just don't turn them away for being offended. Come to think of it, the music, movies, or books you hide from them could be the answer to many things. It can help them figure out which way they want to go, or the way they don't want to go. Either way, this will help them succeed in life. So why not take the plunge? It can even help you.
Censorship in the world we live in today is a very interesting concept. With the advent of social media, we now have thriving communities who want their voices to be heard and that people are listening. We are now able to draw on a wealth of knowledge from people all over the world to allow us to see what is really happening in countries like @LOCATION2 where the media is seen as treasonous. Now that the government is censoring the internet, what should we do? Let's start with a long-discussed argument: library censorship. Today, a city almost has to have a public library to be considered a true city. The public library and the funding it needs is not anywhere in @ORGANIZATION1. Even so, they have a place in our communities, making them an uncertain source of knowledge and culture. A public library @MONTH1 is a source; historical town records, children's books, fiction, research papers, non-fiction books, fiction books, magazines, and many other types of entertainment and knowledge. Even with the widespread use of the Internet, public libraries remain important places for us as city dwellers to socialize and learn. Today @MONTH1's library has books that were on the "banned" list in the past, but that doesn't mean the library doesn't ban books. Libraries are usually home-based institutions, funded by the public, and required to adhere to the moral and ethical standards of those who live in the area. This means that there is no "national banned book list", but @LOCATION1 has many differences in banned books. Libraries are faced with difficult decisions as culture increasingly finds its way into more and more questionable materials. Keep up with the times with more questionable and controversial reading material, or get lost in the past and try to catch a previous generation alive. Bringing fresh literary material to libraries means that more people will return to libraries again, both young and old trying to engage with the current world. A big controversy over public library books is the inclusion of sexual intimacy. As the sprout of a new generation feeding music lyrics with names like; "@ORGANIZATION2" or "@ORGANIZATION3", we are entering a new era where younger and younger kids are learning about sex. Today's authors have recognized this and have begun to include references to sexual intimacy, but not detailed encounters. I believe this is good because as we pass the generations, we will discover that education about sex; safe sex, birth control, @CAPS1 prevention and testing is more important than trying to keep kids ignorant. Getting these young people involved with books and trying to continue learning outside of school is a bigger problem, and one that we should be trying to address rather than trying to make silly arguments for new reading material in public libraries. Public libraries are centers of off-campus learning in many communities large and small. Knowing this, who can really believe that it would be wise to stop including new books that would attract new customers? Even as a business enterprise, it doesn't make any sense, just shutting people out because you have a single view of the future and refuse to listen to anyone's views on the future. So why is there a question about including new knowledge? Isn't it obvious that we as a nation should show the world that we are not living in the past? We are indeed the future of the world, and our young people will receive the best education in the world, not only by studying in school, but by becoming the world's most active readers, and thus the world's learners.
Do you think certain offensive material, such as books, music, movies, magazines, should be removed? My personal opinion is that they should not be deleted. Unless they are so inappropriate that children can't see them. This is my opinion, because if a reader walks into a library and finds a book that is objectionable to us, it may not be objectionable to him/her and his/her standards. If it's offensive to him/her then he/she is the one checking it so he/she obviously knows what he/she is getting into so we shouldn't take the bookshelves off the shelf if they are annoying Disgusting, because what is offensive to one person is not offensive to another. Well, actually my opinion is half and half, because if movies and libraries don't fit, adults should be the only ones who buy them. This is my personal opinion, many others @MONTH1 have different opinions on the subject, but I just think that everything should stay on the shelf. Movies are only sold to adults and adults.
A library is a place where people of all ages have the opportunity to read any book, watch any movie, or listen to any music for free for a certain amount of time. As people get older, they tend to start reading, watching, and listening to material they would never let their children listen to. Since books are read privately and movies and music are played publicly, books should not be taken off the shelf, and only really bad movies and music should leave the library. Books have always been a way for people to get out of their lives and into the world of their own stories. Usually when people read a book, they don't read in a group unless they are in a reading group discussing certain books. If someone wants to read a book that isn't for their kids, let them read it; it doesn't hurt that kids keep reading about inappropriate topics, only when kids find books that should be hidden in better places will hurt them. For example, @PERSON1 read the book "@CAPS1 @CAPS2", which has some inappropriate content for children, but it's so good that it's outrageous. @PERSON1 will read this book in his head when he finds it in the adult section of the library away from children; that's how it should be. Although, if libraries put adult books near children's books, they would need a redesign to prevent kids from accidentally walking into the adult section. Books can be hidden from children if well hidden, but movies and music cannot be hidden in the same way. Movies and music are great ways to unwind after a long day, unless your kids are around. Getting the kids out of the room is an almost impossible task, whether it's actually watching a movie or listening to it across the bedroom wall. Music can of course be listened to through headphones, but what happens when you leave the @CAPS3 in the car and the kid is sent to that car waiting for his parents to get in? Parents might tell their kids to start the car for them, and the music goes off. Movies and music come from the library, a place where kids think there will never be something as disgraceful as what their parents are watching and listening to, ruining their beautiful idea of a library. Libraries either need to remove all nasty content related to movies and music, or if that's their main business and can't seem to give up, just keep the content as far away from children as possible. As mentioned above, libraries need to remove all content that could be exposed to children and destroy their innocent hearts. The library is a place where children can pick and choose what they want to read, not a place where parents can pick and choose items that can damage their children's brains
As people walked through the library, whispers and comments filled the room. Criticisms of books and materials neatly stacked on shelves are taken and left out from harsh people who find them offensive. In my opinion, I strongly agree that there is no right to argue what should or should not be removed in a library. Reflecting my own views with the library shows the world's interest in materials. The reason I don't believe this is the case myself is mentioned in Kathryn Patterson's paragraph. It explains, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use." Everyone around @CAPS1 has their own unique part, and that is how something may be perceived differently than others. This can lead to taking the material or books they see in the wrong way and being offended by it. However, there may be others who don't think the same book is wrong and see other things that might offend them. To make this observation less confusing, I'll share my own experience, which may help focus more on my argument. There was a time when I went to the library to read books, especially magazines, and that had an impact on people of color. It describes what it would have been like if slavery still existed and if everyone was not educated or treated equally among others. In this case, how people of color see and feel about it can go both ways. Maybe people know they are free now, so they are relieved and interested. On the other hand, however, many people of color may find themselves in embarrassing situations and have no passion for proposing equality in today's world or even the future. Many people may want to forget what happened, not that books and magazines are still publishing articles and stories about it. Again, this argument can go both ways, meaning one less book will be taken off the shelf, or a lot of new books will be stacked on other shelves. When people think of materials, the things they are most likely to think of are things that symbolize an event, a period of time, or the symbol itself. This could also have implications for library censorship. The way people want to be involved in what they are involved in may actually be found in libraries. However, the material will be removed by those who do not think they have the right to display it. This tends to keep the people who think it's the right thing from finding the interest they're looking for. Another argument people might have is that libraries are public spaces, right? Well, that should reduce or even increase what they can or can't share in readings, material, and movies. People may think they have the right to argue or take aggressive action. Not as fast though, as people can prove they can put anything back too. Well, I think instead of picking and choosing and leaving everything aside, people should only go to the parts of interest they are looking for and keep other material out of their view. My experience and observations with this argument have covered why I and all of you should reflect on censorship in libraries in an appropriate way. Not that this controls all issues, but it helps remove all material that could have a huge impact on educating kids, teachers, and of course everyone in the future
I don't think certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelf. I say this because @MONTH1's offense to one person @MONTH1 doesn't come close to offending another. There are many different types of books, movies, and even some music that has its history, @MONTH1 is offensive, but for some particular race or culture, it's history. @MONTH1 What is historical or even informative to one person is offensive to another, and vice versa. If everyone had a chance to get into the biggest library and take note of what @MONTH1 offended them, I think there would be almost no books in the library. "Then we don't have any books on the shelf for any of us to use," Kathryn said. That means if a parent or teen takes "offensive" material off the shelf, then there's nothing else. Many things are objectionable because of religious beliefs, but not everyone has the same religion, or even a religion at all. Just as religion should not be taught in public schools, public libraries should not allow censorship. If censorship does happen in public libraries, I'm sure there will be protests and possible riots over such censorship. People say @PERSON2 is a bad guy, well, if we remove books and movies showing what he does, I believe history will be more likely to repeat itself. A lot of what we read today is bad in history, like gangs, if we didn't read about the wrong things they did or watch movies to show what it would be like if you were a gang member gang activity and membership growth? This is why I don't think we should take books, magazines, movies, etc. off the shelves
I think libraries should make any kind of books, magazines, music and movies available to the public, even if they are deemed offensive. First, to support my position, we need to take into account that everyone is different and therefore reads and likes different types of books and magazines. The same thing applies to watching movies and listening to music. Second, @MONTH1 seems "offensive" to one person and @MONTH1 is perfectly fine to another, so the term "offensive" is ambiguous in this context. There is no need for an angry public or a strike. In the end, I believe that people are free to choose the type of books and magazines to read, the type of movies to watch, and the type of music to listen to. After all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, learning. Therefore, libraries should not remove anything objectionable from their shelves. First, we need to take into account that everyone is different and therefore prefers the different types of materials provided by the library. For example, one person @MONTH1 likes to read philosophy books, while another @MONTH1 likes to read romantic comedy books. If philosophy books are taken off the shelves by library officials, there's not much to see for those who love philosophy. Yes, there are some magazines and movies about philosophy to watch, but they are a different experience and way of learning than reading a book by @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION3. I had a similar experience with a friend. She prefers horror movies and I prefer historical movies. The horror movie she was looking for was not in the library, and later found out that there was no horror movie in the library because it was not popular in that city. My friend is not happy. The library has historical movies, but I ended up watching it by myself. Therefore, libraries should not take away any material that might offend the public. Second, the word "offensive" is ambiguous in this context, which means it has multiple meanings. @MONTH1 may seem "offensive" to one person @MONTH1 may not seem offensive to another. An example: @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine cover @MONTH1 offended kids with pictures and the word "adult". However, the same cover @MONTH1 is interesting for young people as he @MONTH1 loves surfing, tanning or @CAPS2. Offensive was only used in the first, not the second, and the same materials were used. So, should the magazine be removed? I do not think so. The solution is for kids to read @CAPS4 magazine, @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS5 magazine. Libraries should provide a section for @ORGANIZATION1 so they can read the appropriate material. In the end, I believe people are free to choose when they choose what books to read, what kinds of movies to watch, and what kinds of music they listen to. They should be allowed to do so because of their differences and their definition of "aggressive". People shouldn't be forced to read the same books, watch the same movies, and listen to the same music. They should be able to choose the materials provided by the library according to their personality. After all, the material they see, read or listen to is for their own benefit, their own learning and their own entertainment. The main goal is to make them happy with the services provided by the library. In conclusion, I believe that libraries should not remove any objectionable material from their shelves. This varies from person to person, and the word "offensive" is ambiguous for the sake of human flourishing. The library is for studying, studying and entertaining in a quiet and peaceful place. They shouldn't stop people from learning about the world, because that leads to a bigger, more serious worldwide problem: lack of education.
"All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf - I hate that kind of work - then You have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. Then we have no books on our shelves.' (Patterson) Katherine Patterson believes that if she can take off the shelf books she doesn't like about anyone . This should be the right way, but I disagree. I don't think people should take it off the shelf just because they find it objectionable. They don't have to take the book. I don't think libraries should have censorship. If People find a book objectionable, they don't have to read it or check it. Others may like that book. Liking a book is an opinion. For example, if someone doesn't like your clothes, you probably won't go Burn it or throw it away because that's just one person's opinion. Movies, books, music and magazines are like that. Everyone likes different things, so they should be different books. When you don't like a book, I believe the only situation for you to take that book off the shelf is if it's in your house. Then you can take that book off the shelf and throw it away, or whatever you want to do with that book. If you let the whole The town voted to get rid of a book and 95 percent voted to get rid of that book, then I don't think it's a problem. When it comes to public affairs, you can't just think about yourself, you need to think about the whole community. I read a Article about banning "@PERSON2" in schools, which I don't think is a good idea. @PERSON2 is one of high school students' favorite books. If parents don't like their kids reading it, they should tell them not to read it It. I don't think it's wrong for parents to just go to school and say they don't like that book and then take it off the shelf. It's not fair to other readers who like to read "@PERSON2 @PERSON2". It's you who chooses what to read opinion, so you don't have to read the book you don't like. People love all the different books, so it's not fair to them that they can't read the book they like just because other people don't like the book. If someone doesn't What about liking your favorite book? Can they take it off the shelf?
Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from shelves if found offensive? No, I don't believe it. Simply because if a person is offended by a book and/or material in the library, others will argue because they like what has been replaced by that person's beliefs and values. I believe if you don't like what's in the library you go to, don't go back, or just keep yourself, at least don't make a fuss. There is a lot of racism in books, songs, and magazines, but no one can get rid of it. You just don't listen or read. If you want to protest something against your beliefs or something that offends you, go for it. Defending yourself is a good thing. I remember going to a hotel in @LOCATION1 with my @CAPS4 family and a family friend when I was about @NUM1. And the one invited by @CAPS4 dad is @PERSON1. He's not racist, but he does joke about the way people dress, and he sometimes gets out of hand with @CAPS6 comments about racist names, but we tolerate him. So we went to the hotel to check in and the check in/check out person at the counter was @CAPS1 @CAPS2. We paid for our room with no problem and we stood there patiently waiting for @PERSON1 to come forward and ask for a room. @CAPS4 Dad asked what he was doing because he was just standing there looking at the people behind the counter. @PERSON1 looked at us and smiled, then took a brochure from the @CAPS6 shoulder bag and handed it to the girl behind the counter. @CAPS3 I don't know what the booklet said or what kind of photo it had, but when he handed it to her, she lost it and looked up at him with tears in her eyes and put the He rolled over, then went to the back and got the man. Dad walked into the photo as the sizable man walked around the counter to @PERSON1 @CAPS4. @CAPS4 dad started talking to that guy, but he didn't seem to notice @CAPS4 dad because he was so focused on @PERSON1. @PERSON1 said, '@CAPS3 look I'm just joking with that girl, she needs to learn how to make a joke. @CAPS4 mom took me and @CAPS4 brother to our room and tried to get @CAPS4 dad to come with us, but he assured us he would be up right away. Half an hour later, @CAPS4 dad walks through the door, followed by @PERSON1. I asked them what was on the paper he handed the lady, @CAPS4 dad said it was an AIDS booklet he got from the rest stop. I looked at @PERSON1 and I said, '@CAPS5' did you give her that? @CAPS6 Great reply @CAPS7 A lot of people have AIDS, but this is a joke about "black people" and AIDS. So I just stopped following him and I chatted with the @CAPS4 dad. @CAPS4 Dad said @CAPS5 she was so depressed because her mother died of AIDS a year ago. Of course @PERSON1 never knew all this. But I'm sure he learned the @CAPS6 lesson. He should have left her alone. So you see these things as a problem, but no one deletes us. We stayed there all weekend. Sure, she exchanged some hateful looks with @PERSON1, but we've seen it and she goes on with her life. I still don't think you should have to delete it just because someone doesn't like it
I think if materials such as books, music, movies and magazines are objectionable, should they be removed from the shelves? Yes, I do it because why keep it if it offends young kids and others. If it's not about learning, then it shouldn't be there. Children should read its content, so if they want to place material made for adults, then they should place it in a section separate from children. They shouldn't have any music or movies that contain some type of violence because kids these days have a lot of violence. The only way they should play music or movies is if they have study materials. So I think you should put books, music, movies and magazines on the shelf only if they contain learning topics and things that will convince them to do something in life.
The library has different types of books, movies, magazines and tape recorders. Books can be fiction or non-fiction. However, a book or any other item might offend people, but to others it's just a book to read. Therefore, libraries should not remove books or any other items from their shelves. Who chooses books, movies, magazines, and tape recorders? The answer is library patrons. The author of the book or item does not. The author decides to choose between books or objects. No one can blame the author. Also, there are different kinds and different types of writers or artists. Writers and artists take the time to complete a novel or series for us to read or listen to. One should not take books or other sources seriously because it may be non-fiction as well as fiction. My next example of why libraries shouldn't remove items from shelves, it might offend someone but not others. For example, slavery can offend people of color, but for others it's just a historical event. People need to understand what happened in the past through historical events. People need to read the introduction before looking at the book to see if they like it. So people shouldn't try to remove it. If children borrow books and parents let them read, it is the parents' fault. This is wrong because parents let their children check items. Also, if a person has a problem with a book or any other source, file a complaint, but the library should not remove it from the shelf. Like I said before, one person might not like the book or other source, but another person might like it. Libraries are for people to consult books or other sources, not for people to remove books or other sources from their shelves.
Why is Censorship Important in Libraries? Why should we care if censorship exists? I'm here today to tell you my thoughts and opinions on the library's cenership. When you walk into a library, I'm assuming you're expecting a common area where you can read books and view them, but what happens when you browse through the books and find something objectionable? How did you act and what should you do? In my opinion censorship is fine, but only when needed. Censorship protects children and young people from viewing what adults see as horror books, objectionable music and, in most cases, pornography. Library censorship is an important role because anyone can go into the library and pick up any book, but when you only have the adult section for books, movies, music, etc., it's no longer a concern for kids to see bad thing. For example, if 12-year-old @PERSON1 goes into a library and finds a video game that contains a lot of violence, he can view and play the game without his parents knowing about the incident. Through the review, we eliminated these problems. Now like I said before, it's okay to censor when needed because censorship is also taken away. In fact, it's the parents' fault why kids do things like let kids swear while listening to music or use PCs entirely. Things like this cause trouble for parents and those around them. When I say censorship is available when needed, I mean people censor important information about past events. Another example, if you're in ninth grade, and you go into a library to watch a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 movie, but it's graphic that students are stuck on a source and have to gain access to a computer. Now that you have my views and beliefs, you can better understand what I mean. Censorship is a good thing, but it can also be a bad thing. I think censorship can be a powerful tool for any library, school or even home if it is properly controlled. Censorship can get out of hand at times, but we can use it for many things and have a great community and country. Essentially, censorship is okay to some extent, and you should believe that too, because if you think long enough, you can see what I see too.
Some of the funniest books I've ever read are repulsive in a way. I've even read excellent books that offend me. If we don't have books and stories that offend us, we'll never really find out what offends us. That's why I don't think books, magazines, music or anything of a somewhat objectionable nature to @MONTH1 should be removed from the shelves. If you think about it, almost any book will offend or hurt your feelings. It just depends on how you feel about what you've written. Something that offends one person or group of people @MONTH1 will not find offensive by another person or group of people. If we took all the books that someone said offended them from the shelves, there would be no books. Writing is what you do when you want to express your feelings or tell a story about yourself or others. Some authors @MONTH1 do this in a very offensive way. Other @MONTH1 trying to hide their opinion about a person or an idea. Either way, you can still find something about writing objectionable. In conclusion, I feel that books that are deemed offensive or hurtful should stay on the shelf, because if we take them all out, there won't be much choice for the rest of the books
Objectionable material is displayed and sold in many places. It can be found almost everywhere. A lot of people try to keep their kids away from it, but the truth is, if kids really want to watch it, they'll figure it out. So I don't think all objectionable material should be taken off the shelves, but sometimes things can offend more than one person, in which case they @MONTH1 need to be removed. Take music, for example, @MONTH1 songs have explicit lyrics, but that doesn't make them bad or worthy of removal. Music is everywhere, and if someone tells you you can't listen to it in a few words, they'll figure out a way to listen to it. Movies by @MONTH1 are different. For some people, you have to be a certain age, and that's because of objectionable material. But there are still people who know there will be objectionable material out there, but they go to it anyway and complain about how objectionable it is. Movies should not be taken off the shelves, because watching or not watching is your choice, and if you choose not to watch, someone will always choose to watch it. Book @MONTH1 is the only exception. Many people read it, many people like it, but many people do find books offensive. Now with music and movies, people know they're not real, just talking or acting. But some books are written by people who have the actual beliefs they write about. That's why some books may go off the shelf, because if one person believes in something, it's not that hard to convince others. There's a big difference between choosing not to see or hear something and being told you can't see it. All content showing explicit material has some type of warning and it is your decision if you choose to continue reading or listen.
Library review is not a good idea in my opinion. There's a lot of offensive language in library books these days, so if someone took all of those books out of the library, there wouldn't even be that many books in the library. Music, like all music these days, may contain some offensive words, it's just something people have to get over these days. I don't think library censorship is a good idea. Some parents may not like the idea of libraries using offensive language in books, music, movies, and magazines. If parents don't want their kids there to not read those books, then they need to choose the children's books there, but I don't think it's very smart to take away all the offending shelves. Some people like to read and listen to that kind of music. Some of the best books, there are some bad things about music right now, like drugs, language, sex, gangs, etc., but sometimes books like this can teach you how to avoid that from happening. So if you take those books off the shelf and can't listen to that kind of music, your kids are probably doing some of those things. They really don't know the side effects and bad things that stuff can have. Some of the top music and books have objectionable material at the time, why don't you let your kids read them because there are several choice words in them. I know some of this material can be harmful to people, but sometimes it can teach you a huge lesson in your life. If there's a book you don't want yourself to read, don't read it. I don't think it's fair to take that bad language or racist stuff away from us just because you think it's bad for your kids to read. It's not fair to @MONTH1 people who love these books because they don't have the luxury of reading them because some parents are mad at a book. There's a lot of racism in some old books, you actually @MONTH1 read some of them in a school. Those books @MONTH1 also have bad language. What's taking those books away from us @MONTH1 is education, we won't be able to learn from these books as much as we should. So I think library censorship is just a horrible idea. It can take away from the lessons we can learn and is the education we need to be successful in life
Censorship in libraries is a very contradictory approach. Many believe this is the right thing to do, while many others strongly disagree. Libraries should not conduct censorship for a number of reasons. In @LOCATION1, everyone has freedom of speech, and you take away that right when a book is taken down because it's deemed offensive. Authors have the right to express themselves and to have their work equally recognized by the public. In some cases, censorship is acceptable, but the content of censorship should not be determined by the government. First of all, freedom of speech is very important to the people of @LOCATION1. If this freedom is taken away, it will certainly not be ignored. When books, music, films and magazines are censored, authors' freedom of speech is diminishing. For example, what if an atheist wrote a book saying that @CAPS1 is not true? Many @CAPS2 want to get this book off the shelves of all libraries. Just because a group of people doesn't like a book's subject, message, or subject doesn't mean it should be taken out of the library. A library is a place where all books have a chance to be read, not a place where people pick what they want because of their beliefs. Second, authors have the right to express their ideas and to have their work equally recognized by the public. Of course there will be books that are more popular than others, but at the same time there will be books that are overlooked, not because of the quality of the writing, but because the author chose the right topic. There's no reason for the entire community to ignore an author's work just because a large group of people disagree with it. In that small group of people who didn't try to get rid of that book, you'll find that many people will read this book. Just because most people don't like the subject matter of the work doesn't mean a few people should take the book from them. Authors have the right to what they write and should have the opportunity to have their work acknowledged. Finally, censorship is also a good thing in some cases. It just depends on how censorship is used. For example, many parents do not want their children to read, listen or watch certain things. Parents of children should be able to decide what their children can read, listen to or watch, not a large group of people. Many parents have different standards, some parents think their kids are okay with @MONTH1 shocking others. Therefore, there can never be a single acceptable and unacceptable standard without generating a lot of contradictions. Once children grow up, they have the right to decide what they want from the library. But there should be some restrictions. For example, a person must be at least 17 years old to rent a movie rated "@CAPS3". This is the age at which a person can get into a "@CAPS3" rated movie without parental supervision. Some age limits for society as a whole should be placed in the library, but beyond that, it should be up to the individual. Library censorship is always changing. Sometimes it works, other times it doesn't. People in @LOCATION1 have freedom of speech, and taking books from libraries partially takes away that right. Authors should have the right to have their books equally recognized by the public and on the shelves. Censorship should be decided by individuals, not by them. Parents should have a say in what their children read, not let others decide
Have you ever been looking for a book, only to find it's from all the local stores? Well, I have no misfortune in that situation, but I can only imagine the great pain of wanting but not finding that controversial book. I personally believe that a young person should be able to read any book or news article they wish. The fact that finding a book is objectionable to most people is no reason to ban the book outright from store and library shelves, because if @CAPS5 one could benefit from reading the book, then They should at least have an opportunity to get that information. One of the most important things to keep in mind when thinking about this topic is that no matter what the source is or what it conveys, there will always be people who feel that this book is just a graphic of a hit song to keep them standing near home. In other cases, however, some books are not suitable for young children or the faint of heart, such as the series "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" in which people are thrown into the arena and forced to fight each other for their own interests. Life. Most people over the age of 12 can handle just about any "source of aggression" available to the public, but there are situations that @CAPS5 adults can't handle, like @PERSON1's famous book in incarseration ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4. @CAPS5 Most adults can read in these extreme cases. Now that my argument has been made, and you know my point is that it varies from person to person, whether they can handle a book, I ask you if you feel the same way I do. The main reason I came to this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive, they should just avoid it. We do live in the free land of @LOCATION1, and I think we can argue a little bit about a book or magazine. I do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks caused by overreacting to offensive things. I believe we will see the day when no books are taken off the shelves, giving our kids @MONTH1 the knowledge contained in those fragile pages of paper
I appreciate that all books and movies and more should not be censored because people have the right not to see what they can't. They need to learn from books so people can learn from history so that @CAPS1 war @NUM1 happens again. These libraries are free for you to read and find as much as you want. In newspapers and magazines, people don't like it happening in @CAPS1, or it happens to people in @CAPS1, whether it's bad or not, because not knowing that this doesn't happen to them, some people will Thanks people for not reading watches, but should they tell them what to do and can they have their own cutlery?
I can think of a few books that I don't want my kids to pick up and read. As soon as I saw what I was going to write about this, it flashed through my mind like lightning. The book selected by @CAPS1 is titled "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4". @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 is a book about a young girl who grows up without a father. Her mother never wanted to talk about him because she knew it would only make things worse. This little girl has dreamed of being her dad's little girl since she was a child. This is the life she wants. It was just a little request, she sat down and thought. Years passed, and she finally plucked up the courage to go to her father. She left alone, leaving her mother behind. Her mom was always pumping her dad into doing bad things in her head. She would be better off without him. However, she continued to hunt down her father by her faith in the Lord. After many prayers to the Lord, she finally thought of it. She just @MONTH1 knows what to do with this hunt. So she went to her @CAPS9 hoping she @MONTH1 had an answer. She needs to address her heartache and pain. She can walk @CAPS4 knowing her dad will be waiting for her somewhere in the world. Just before the sun began to set, she noticed an old southern bell. Sit in a wooden rocking chair on the front porch. She walked up to @CAPS9 and kissed her forehead with tears in her eyes. Her @CAPS9 said, "Honey, why are you crying." @CAPS8, she choked up and asked, "Do you know where I @MONTH1 found my father?" @CAPS9 answered yes! Darling, @CAPS2 is in his bed. Just then, her face began to glow. She went into the old hut and found her father in bed writing to her. She was nervous, but with the help of @CAPS9, she sat down to talk to her dad. Her father told her that she wrote to her every day. That's a year of @NUM1 letters. She told her father that I have never heard from you in my life. That's when she realized that @MONTH1 was the reason her mother never let her check her mail. After @NUM2 years, she finally found her father. The truth is that her father @CAPS3 quit her daughter's life because her mother didn't want him to be a part of her life. She did everything she could to keep them apart, even if it meant obeying the opposition's legal orders. The father explained that her mother needed her there to take care of her because she was on drugs at the time. At that time, @CAPS2 was unable to take his daughter @CAPS4 away from her mother. The reason I chose this book is that my father did the same thing to me when I was younger. @CAPS2 left me and I never had a chance to get to know my family. The pain of growing up without mom and dad is tuff. You cried a lot of tears trying to mend the hole in your heart. Sometimes, the bleeding still seems to pass. After reading this book, I kept wondering why they called her her. They call her her because she takes responsibility for her father's departure from her life. Many children grow up without parents. The proportion of single-parent families is now higher than before. Like most of the kids in the book are held accountable for not having parents. If I could get that book off the shelf, I would because, no child needs to be reminded of the pain they go through. Would you do this if you were taking care of your child? All these kids want to know there is love and someone cares about them. If you are going to own these types of books then there needs to be a form for parnets to fill out to give permission. If they are over age, that's totally fine. They're at an age when they should be able to cope, not experience these feelings alone
Do you find certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. offensive? Support your position with compelling arguments from your own experiences, observations, and/or readings. I do believe that if it's a book you shouldn't get, if it's not age-appropriate, don't get it. Some libraries contain books that are very inappropriate for children, and they have sections for adults and children to borrow. Some libraries require book monitors to guide and place certain types of books. A library is a place to have books of all genres, so you should go to your own section to see what types of books you have. When I first went to the library, I didn't know what books to read, so the librarian should have told me my section by telling me my age group. At the time I was looking at books for my age, magazines that I didn't care much about, I just wanted to read a whole book. In conclusion, when you find a good book or check out your section, make the book work for you and feed your mind with knowledge.
Censorship In libraries, there is a huge selection of books. Books range from children's to difficult adult books. It's good to know that you have a lot of options and freedom to choose whatever book you want to read. A censorship is the censorship of a piece of material so it is not legal or public. If a book is censored because of its content, other books or media related to it will be questioned. I believe that if books, magazines, movies, etc. are censored in libraries, there is no chance for those materials to reach people. Some people write books and songs to express themselves or to make money. If a book is taken out of the library, other libraries have to remove it too, and other libraries won't buy it. Some people just want to express their thoughts and share their information with others. Censorship somehow prevents the flow of what people have learned. Another part about censorship is where to delineate offensive content enough to be censored. If a book is removed from a library because of its content, people investigate why it was removed. It gets people thinking about what other books are also objectionable. The reason for a book being removed may be related to another book and may also cause that book to be removed. Since review is likely to be mostly opinion, there are no clear boundaries as to what can and cannot be put on the shelf. Censorship only robs people of their freedom of the press. If a publishing company accepts a medium only to be censored later, it could mean that we need new publishers, or that they are also interested in bringing out what people have to say. The boundaries of censorship are very rigid and should not be determined by a single group. When a book is taken down, it only makes other books questionable. These are my thoughts on library censorship
The library is the place to go when you need solitude and peace for research or reading. There is no reason other than that some people think certain material should be removed from the library. We the people have the right to read what others have written through their thoughts and ideas. Some material @MONTH1 will offend different people, but it's not fair to others who can use the material for research or entertainment reading. If some material is removed because someone has acted on a personal or religious opinion there, that material will not be available to the person who needs to provide that information. Has anyone thought about it when they asked for some objectionable material to be removed? If people do, they realize that someone has to put in a huge effort to get this information out to the world. What do you think the author would think? You just take their best work off the shelf because you think it's offensive. What would you think if someone complained in your best writing that the library couldn't put it on the shelf because it was objectionable. I've heard or read certain material that I think might offend some people, but that's the media writing society as we read it. Some of them @MONTH1 have certain religions that say they can't read or listen to certain things. Maybe not even looking at some material, but others, and that could be part of the hilarity. We can't just take materials from library shelves. This material is the life blood of our society. If you cut off the blood flow, bad things are bound to happen after that. Whoever reads this, remember that what we produce as media is who we are, what we do, and what we live for.
Why censor @CAPS1 @CAPS2? In our daily life, we encounter many things that can be offended. Some of them we may not even realize, but they are there. Everyone doesn't want the kids out there to get into the wrong things early on, but we know it will happen eventually. We just need to teach our kids @CAPS1 what's good, what's @CAPS1 @CAPS2. This also applies to literary works. We need to have confidence in our kids that they will do the right thing @CAPS1. I think when they're old enough, they should be able to read books and listen to potentially offensive music. I don't think we should get rid of all the objectionable material in the library. Now, @CAPS1 does a lot of hard work with music, movies, and books. If we start getting rid of all objectionable material, a lot of people will be offended. The people who made the movie or wrote the book put in a lot of time and effort. They spend countless hours collaborating with others just to get work published, or trying to get someone to shoot their film idea. I think it would be a mistake to exclude great literature, because behind every literature there is @CAPS1 someone who has put a lot of effort into this material. In every book you pick up today, you can flip through it and find an offensive language or offensive gesture in it. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS1 is a very detailed book with a lot of great facts, but a lot of people find it offensive because it says @PERSON2 has a wife and kids. This book doesn't tell you what to believe or what actually happened, its @CAPS1 is just a story full of conspiracy theories. You can still believe what you want and read this book. Just the title @CAPS1 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 Can't @CAPS8 would be considered an offensive movie. A lot of people hear this title, @MONTH1 doesn't want to watch it, thinking it will discriminate against @CAPS6 people, but it turns out that @CAPS1 is a very good movie about a group of people who play basketball. Many things have offensive language, but that doesn't mean we can't act like adults, read these books, and realize they're just stories. They don't tell you what to believe and what not to believe. In our country today, we have many different peoples, and many people see things differently. In our society, we have the right to have our own opinion on things, and we can like whatever we want. As offensive as literature can be, some people enjoy reading books like this. If I look in the library, I can find a book with offensive content, but it could still be a very good book. Despite @CAPS1's disdain for me, I can still enjoy this book. @CAPS1 is always controversial in our society and pretty much everyone loves it. Why get rid of these books when people are still enjoying them every day. Like Katherine Paterson said, if she has the right to take a book off the shelf, so does everyone else. If we asked everyone to take books off their shelves, there would be no books. We can't control what people do. Taking offensive books out of the library won't stop people from reading, but it will reduce library usage and people will slowly stop reading. If they don't like library books, they don't have a problem with not reading at all. I think the review of our library is @CAPS2's idea, I think we should definitely not take out all the objectionable material in the library
Books, books and more books. These spine-bound papers have everything from basic @CAPS1 about life to stories that capture the hearts of loyal readers and transport them to far-flung worlds. If we line up all the books in the world, we can build a bridge of knowledge and information enough to circle the moon twice. The thing is, with all this @CAPS1 and knowledge, some young minds aren't ready for it all. There is no such thing as bad @CAPS1. Only those who are not ready for the @CAPS1 they are about to get. So should these materials, which open doors for new thinking, and emotions like books, music, magazines, and movies, be censored? The answer is yes. First, children need to maintain a certain level of humility and curiosity. Children need a thirst for knowledge to be good learners and bright minds. If they are given @CAPS1 not in chronological order of importance it needs to be, it will poison their minds and twist them into something they are not ready to be. Second, @CAPS1 presented to children prematurely can cause harm to their bodies. Children are born with an instinct to repeat what they observe. This is the primal intuition that human beings will always have and is vital to life. Take movies for example. If children watch movies that involve sexual themes and behaviors, it can be very harmful to their bodies. If kids are going through these things soon, they'll want to simply repeat what they've seen. So what's next? The answer to this question is simple. There will be more teenage mothers than needed. Finally, premature @CAPS1 hurts spirits. Take music for example. Music is a bigger route to mental harm than movies. It's just the result of bad censorship. Many people think that music is not as bad as movies because you can't see anything visually, but they are wrong. Music is even worse because kids can paint whatever they want based on what the lyrics say. There needs to be tighter restrictions on music. Restrictions such as purchasing age should be raised, this is the only way to stop explicit content. In conclusion, there should be better restrictions on censorship for certain materials. But I don't believe @MONTH1 harmful or objectionable material should be removed altogether. Just because adults do have the right to view the material. Libraries around the world need better restrictions, even laws, to stop poisoning our young minds. All of us, the people, need to come together to make this happen. After all, children are the future of our world
No, I don't believe certain material should be removed. I believe people should have freedom of speech. I also believe that if someone has an idea, they should be able to say it. I tell people in various ways to say what you mean and say what you mean. Now if its younger kids get magazines and movies that contain inappropriate material then yes they should be censored or they shouldn't be placed where younger kids can reach
Honestly, I don't think anything offensive should be removed from the library, kids don't really know what the offensive stuff means. Libraries are the only good place to find information or find their favorite books. If you think @MONTH1 seems to offend people; people will have a hard time finding any facts or anything they need. People use offensive stuff all the time, but not everyone intends to insult anyone in any way. Libraries do not deliberately insult people. Libraries just give us the facts about what we need to know about a person or something like that. Some people don't know how to mature in this kind of thing, and if they can't mature in this kind of thing, then they don't need to be in the library. If the intent was to insult someone, I would understand, but not them, why take magazines, movies, books, music out of the library. It's not fair to other people when they try to get some information. Slavery is an offensive thing for people of color because people of color are called by names I won't mention in this article. Most people have matured over the years about what happened in the past. Honestly, I think people will be fine
I am a firm believer that books with offensive content should be pulled from libraries. You can't say one thing, either, what your child finds in the library say ok. What if you talk to your kids about not smoking and how smoking is bad for them and could kill them, do you want your kids to say I can smoke because all these characters in the book are smoking? No, that's not true, it's just plain wrong. They shouldn't allow these books, music, movies or magazines in the library. In high school, our parents told us that we shouldn't do drugs or anything like that. At times, it can be hard for you to believe what your parents are talking about and how bad they are for you and your body, and can lead to a troubled life on the road. The movie we watched today talked about drug use, how cool they were, and how they had fun driving a stolen car. Talking about them this way is wrong because it makes teens think it's okay for them to do it and nothing bad will happen. The media doesn't do a good job of showing teens that what they see on TV is wrong. Libraries set a bad example by allowing these kinds of books on their shelves and thinking that people can read them without offending others. I'm reading a book about how they think it's okay to play racist rebels and say mean things and call them a bad name. I'm really disgusted because I don't like people calling my name and speaking ill of me because they think it's okay to say this and that. If that's what the book says, and the readers really believe it, then we might have a problem on our hands, because some people will offend it and cause big problems for a small book, some readers might think it's okay, or even cause The big problem between those who offend and those who don't. Some people think it's okay for these books to be in the library, while others think it's wrong and offensive. My personal opinion is that I think it is wrong to have these books in the library. We tell people how wrong it is to do bad things, how much we hate certain things that offend us, but it says in the book that it's okay for those things to happen, or that it's right to use those swear words. I just think it was a personal mistake to say those words in the movie. Music, books, or magazines can be in the library but alone in its own person.
How do I see all this? For me, I really don't care because it's like who I am. It is up to the parents whether they want books off the shelf if they think certain materials (such as books, music, movies and magazines) should be taken off the shelf. I also don't think a book can really hurt anyone. I mean it's just a book, it doesn't matter. Next, I say this because I really don't take offense to this kind of argument. And, if there are things kids shouldn't know, then they should put those things in the adult section, not somewhere they can easily find it. They shouldn't put things in the kids section that you think kids should never know. Fat issue I don't know why they should remove things like movies. Because if they're trying to stop them from forming kids, then they're really stupid to do so. Because there are movies that kids can watch. Some parents won't let their kids watch @CAPS1 @NUM1 movies, and other movies they don't see at that age. unless their parents allow it. The same goes for music. I don't know if they have bad music in the library. I don't see rap stuff in the library. Like singing @CAPS2 and others like that. So here is my take on the argument
Yes, I think they should take the ebooks off the shelf, since few people have read them, then they are likely to be snatched from the right. If the books are violent then they will think tkat is right.
Censorship is a big controversy in modern society because so many opinions are conveyed in all the new media in the modern world. When a person has an opinion, they often want to share it with the world or defend it against those who oppose their opinion. Some people don't always like what's being said or are offended by the way it's presented, leading the government or any authority to remove or replace those words, photos, lyrics or movies from a particular public (such as children), or the public in general. That's censorship, and it's given rise to a lot of debate about what's acceptable on social media. I think censorship is wrong. It violates the free speech rights of the @CAPS1 people. When a person has an opinion, they have the right to express it as they please. In any case, the authorities should not be involved in what someone wrote, sang, composed, etc. Censorship robs the integrity and purity of the human mind. Who can say what can be said and what cannot be said? Are we just letting the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal? Do we stop expressing ourselves the way we want because it's inappropriate? No. As people, we must be free to express what we want to express in our stories and songs, as well as in movies and other media. If a person does not like what they see, then they can turn and leave, or they have the right to disapprove in their own way; but they have no right to oppress. They should write back, get their message across, and try to gain support, not control. Censorship is bad for any society. People can say whatever they want, they have the right to say it. Censorship is not a solution to discrimination or anger, it's just fuel. If parents don't like something and don't want their kids to experience it, then don't take it from them, then they should tell them how it's "wrong" and give them their opinion and reason for the kids @MONTH1 Decide what they believe in themselves. Opinion is everyone's right and belongs to them, not the authorities.
Have you ever walked into a library hoping to find a good book, only to find a very vulgar and inappropriate article? Are you disappointed with the content that kids can easily grasp, or are you simply putting it back on the shelf because you don't think it's your book style? In this post, I want to discuss two views on these censored books and why I think they should be censored. People all over the world are very different. No one on this planet is exactly like another in terms of skin color, race, size, build, and personality, so why do they all have the same interest in reading or music? Some @MONTH1 love romance novels that get your heart pumping, while @CAPS1 I prefer the thrill of a horror story. Either way, everyone has their own opinion on what makes a good book. The same thing arose in the question of whether censored items should be allowed into public libraries. Many @MONTH1s say yes, people have the right to choose what @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 didn't watch or hear, "If you don't like the presentation style of this item, don't pick it up." @CAPS1 @MONTH1 said no," Libraries should be a safe haven where they don't have to worry about kids seeing and hearing things they shouldn't." In my personal opinion, I think the parents are right, although I can understand the objections too . As for the objection, I can understand why you @MONTH1 think censorship items in the library are okay. If it's the author's personal choice how to write the book and still make a great story, I believe the book is okay as long as it's not accessible to kids. Many people have different ideas about what censorship means and can lead to the loss of many books, but every choice, good or bad, has consequences. In my personal experience, I took my ten-year-old sister to the library to see a movie and a few books. She is very knowledgeable and understands things very quickly. Also, when she finds a book she thinks @MONTH1 is interesting. Turns out the book is full of profanity and profanity. Think about it, what would you say if your child had just learned a few swear words from a place you thought was a safe environment? It's ridiculous for me to have to search every book, CD, movie or magazine for swear words to make sure my sister can read it safely! There has been a major change in kids' attitudes, language, and reactions to things these days, and I believe a large part of that is because of what they absorb through mundane material. If the books and music they read and listen to are offensive and rude, they know nothing but follow the lines of something "cooler" than them. So I don't think libraries should have censored books and parents should have the right to ask for them to be removed. When I sit down and realize what I want my kids to read and listen to, I wonder why people even happen to have their kids negatively affected. Why lure them into being someone who reflects blasphemy and offense when they can do more? Parents should do everything they can to make their children the best they can be, and I believe they have a right to protect their children from reaching their full potential. So, in the end, books should be reviewed!
Some books are not suitable for children. They can make a section for adults that includes uncensored books. Children under @NUM1 should not read these books aloud unless a parent or guardian allows it. Some adults don't care what kids read, but libraries should. The books I read in school were adult books in school. Back in elementary school, I remember looking up a lot of books, but I didn't think they were adult books. Some children like to read adult books. It helps their reading skills, but the content of the book is not for them. Making a section for adults will help keep kids from reading adult material. I believe this should happen to every library around the world.
I think as long as the book isn't objectionable or bad, then people should keep reading it. If it's objectionable, I don't think they should read it at all, because it's not right to read something like this. I also think that if there is bad music it should be taken off the shelves. Parents or teachers don't want kids there to find out something bad to say
I do think certain materials should not be in public libraries or where young people can see them. Things like pornographic material should not be made public where children can see it. I think we all believe the same way when we say kids don't need to see these things. I personally went to a movie rental store and watched some movies that my parents didn't want me to see. Materials like this should be kept out of sight and can be requested if needed. I also have religious views on all of this. I know watching porn and stuff like that is a sin, so the person in charge of the store or library should respect me and my religious beliefs. @PERSON1 in @CAPS1 said he wouldn't do it if eating meat caused his brother to fall. We need to have the same aspect of life. If something hurts others, we shouldn't do it. It's an issue we face every day, and the reason I use pornography is because it's everywhere. If I stand at the @ORGANIZATION1 checkout line, I'll see People Magazine, which I find offensive! I would say, though, that if you're old enough to live on your own, you can watch as much as you want. I just find it unbearable to post these materials because viewers who don't want to see them have to see them.
Do you think some material in the library should be taken off the shelves if found objectionable? I believe certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. Some of my reasoning is very logical and if you are a reader I am sure you want to read something real and very interesting. Libraries contain all the books you can think of. Libraries are really for learning, not to offend anyone in any way. The reason I think they shouldn't be removed is that everyone is equal and not everyone enjoys reading the same books. There should be offending books because I think for many kids they don't want to pick up a book and it's original and doesn't offend them in some way. Books are created for reading and interest, laughter and enjoyment. Some students at schools I spoke with said that when they really had a bad day, they turned on the music and it helped them because it made them feel better and the day was a lot better for them. easy. They say they don't have to be depressed or think about what made them angry that day. Well, from my book experience, I can tell you a few things about how I grab a book sometimes when I'm feeling down. For the first time I realized that books are really helpful, and I'm still talking about magazines, music, and movies. To be honest, I'm not a big reader. I love listening to music because sometimes the songs relate to you and make you feel like you're not alone. It can also help you learn how to deal with something you've never dealt with before because it relaxes you. Like some of my friends have said, when they read a book, they feel relaxed. So I mean, you know, I know their music is very objectionable, and so are some of the books. Are they going to drive us crazy? No, it didn't, because it actually helped us. It helps us by taking us away from the stress of everyday life, and sometimes you read in books and songs about how other people deal with stress. So you learn a lot and not resent books or music. As you know, I'm a huge music fan and have a lot of offending songs, but it didn't bore me. I hope I gave you some punch, if music and books are offensive, they shouldn't be removed. It's just that music is great for books too, we all need our space sometimes, and these two things are there to help us learn and also to feel relaxed and calm. Thanks for reading this, I hope my reasoning is enough to convince you. Remember, music and books are great fun, and if you never give it a chance, you should try it sometime. This concludes my conclusion
No, I don't think the books in the library are objectionable. If your child is under 18, the movie is a different story and they shouldn't rent a movie rated @CAPS1 unless their parents agree. That's one of the reasons why our public libraries shouldn't rate @CAPS1 movies. When I was at the public library one afternoon, I was looking at the movie selection and I was trying to decide which movie to choose. There was a little boy that I thought I liked when he was nine or ten, but he had two movies in his hand. They look really good, and it's an action movie, so I asked boy if I could see this movie anytime soon. He said yes, so I took it from him and looked at the ratings because it looked bloody from the header image. I noticed it's a @CAPS1 rated movie and I told the boy you know it's a @CAPS1 rated movie and he said yes, I'm surprised his parents would let him watch that movie if I was his age and I would never have been able to. My second reason is that our public library should get rid of any kind of swimsuit magazines like @CAPS5 and/or @CAPS6 magazines. I was looking at the magazine rack the other day and noticed @CAPS5, Swimsuit Magazine, etc. magazines. Do you think your child should not see any type of magazines in our library for public viewing. If a little girl walks up to the magazine rack and sees that magazine, she either wants to read it or pretends she doesn't notice it at all. At her age, she wants someone to look up to, and if she sees a model in a magazine or a magazine, she probably wants to look like her, so that's where the eating disorder starts. This is why libraries should get rid of any kind of magazines under this category. That's why I think our local library should get rid of movies rated @CAPS1 and/or magazines like @CAPS5 and @CAPS6. If you agree with me, please contact your library and tell them what I told you today. @MONTH1 We stopped reviewing the library.
@MONTH1 There is a kind of boundary that limits the reader's knowledge about certain things in the book. This is called censorship. But @CAPS3 what you @MONTH1 don't know is that every school and every public library is thinking about it. @CAPS3 If you saw your kid read a book with horrible descriptions or horrible descriptions that adults liked for their own good, would you do that? It's a question that plagues them every year with new book shipments. While yes, it looks scary, it's not right to take a book off the shelf for several reasons; congressional law allows us freedom of the press, freedom of thought, and children must accept all the knowledge they can to do to the best facts. The first argument that can be made is freedom of the press. This law was enacted in @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 and is still in effect today. If a person wants to write a book that is not suitable for children, he or she @MONTH1 will not be punished for doing so. The kids of @MONTH1 read it, yes, but the author is not to blame. If so, then that person will never receive any royalties for their story, nor money to support themselves. It's hard to get mad at a child for learning the wrong thing, but it's not right to blame the author. When it comes to @CAPS3's argument about censorship, freedom of thought comes to most people's minds. Here's another law that states citizens can think @CAPS3 anything they'll think. Like freedom of the press, individuals can pick up that book and read it for adults. no matter how old they are. If they get discouraged by it, then let them drop it anyway, but if they enjoy reading, and the phrasing is more unique than children's fiction, let them keep learning. Children can absorb a lot of things and recall them when adults sometimes can't. This isn't scientifically proven, but you'll notice it when you're around your kids a lot. Just like a baby's mind is a sponge, it still continues to gather all possible information until puberty. They learn more when they are allowed to read any book instead of sitting in front of a TV screen all day. Now someone can come and say: "@CAPS3 if this book is fantasy?". no difference. Storylines are not taught to them by @CAPS3, but words and how they are used are knowledge. An educated person is sometimes bound by words, as if people who did not do well in school or college read a lot and are able to use words very easily. This isn't always the case, but don't you want your child to sound smart when speaking at important events? All in all, censoring books for the public seems like a great waste. There may be great things in those books that not everyone can get their hands on. Taking them off the shelf could mean you're hindering someone's ability to learn new words or grammar rules. If one parent can get a book off the shelf, the other parent can, and soon you'll have no books at all. If that happens, it will be a terrible day. Because that's not going to go well in our history. Since humans have written, we've gotten smarter, and taking all the books off the shelf would make us back to primitives. So even if kids shouldn't be reading these books, keep them on the shelf. Not only because they can learn more with a book as a resource, but because two congressional laws say that
Some books in the library offend some people. But others want to read the book. No one has the right to say this book offends me, so the library should remove it. If a book offends some people who don't like me, everyone will be offended by the book. My opinion is that they shouldn't delete this book because some people like to read that book. If someone doesn't like this book, this book offends them. They should not read the book, read the book they like. But the son did not say that the book should be deleted. I think everyone likes different books. Libraries should too, but every thing people love to read..
If everyone in the world could permanently take a book, movie, music, etc. off the shelf because they thought it was objectionable, would any of these things be left for us to enjoy? I personally think if people could do it, they would do it, but does everything other people find offensive really offend you? No, it probably isn't, so does that give the person the right to permanently pull it off the shelf so no one else can read it? I don't think anyone has the right to take it off the shelf just because they have their own opinion on it. If someone could do this, would people be unique? I don't think there will be. Just because you think the music a person listens to is objectionable doesn't mean they feel the same way. So if he/she likes to hear it, it shouldn't be taken from that person. On the other hand, I understand that some people may listen to music or read books with offensive language that they don't want children there to hear or read, but that doesn't mean that music or books should be taken off the shelf. Down. Ask yourself, if you would react the same way to someone using offensive language, what should we do? You can take that person out of this world. So I guess the point I'm trying to make is that just because you think it's offensive and don't like it doesn't mean everyone in the world thinks so. To end my article, I want you to think about what offends you @MONTH1 to be different to others.
There are many variations in the content of books in the library. Some are children's books, some are adult books, and some are in between. Libraries have books that pique the interest of readers. Not all books are made for a specific age group or gender. This should not mean that libraries should be divided for the content of novels, magazines, music or movies. Libraries should be for anyone who enjoys reading all kinds of material, not just a few, because some people don't like the text or the meaning behind that book, song, or movie. Keep readings, music, and movie variations separate in our small-town library. There is a children's section with all the books we grew up with, in half the building. There's also an adult section on big-fiction topics that teens and young children aren't interested in or that parents want them to read. Another great thing is that they have books for people in between, like myself, and teen books that pique our interest. We have no control over what people think about what they are writing about today. Some of the greatest books that have been published may have some of the deepest meanings that some audiences don't like to hear. But the best part is that people are free to find a book, a magazine, or even @CAPS1 they like. When your freedom to read is taken away, readers stop reading. Don't the school's admissions office want kids to read to improve their test scores? If you take away something they love to read, doesn't that mean they'll stop reading? Doesn't this also mean that test scores will drop? From my experience with the topics I've read, I've read more mature topics than my mom thought, but the truth is, people read what they want. In my personal experience, people don't like being rejected. It wouldn't be fair to readers to even use the text or content they're reading to remove a topic they love. I believe they shouldn't be censoring books, music, movies, magazines, etc because that would mean the library would disappear
If something objectionable is found in the library, should it be removed from the shelves? Some people might see this question and say yes right away. Others may not consider the project and move on. I disagree with those who think the item should be removed. Instead, I don't think the item should be removed and left on the shelf. As a child, I always went to the children's section of the library to find books. I avoided the "adult" area. So if my mom found an objectionable item on the shelf, she would make sure I didn't see it. I believe that if parents see what their children see, then they don't have to worry about what they're seeing objectionable. But let's say an adult sees the item and thinks it should be removed. She/he has the right to delete the item, but what if to others the item is exactly what they are looking for? We live in a world with a lot of objectionable stuff we see every day, like newspapers, @CAPS1 shows, billboards, etc. If someone comes and takes it all away, we'll be left with that person's Benefit. That's why we have a little bit of everything in our library. If there's an offensive book or bad @CAPS2 and someone doesn't like it and feels compelled to delete it, it's @CAPS3, but they don't think about what other people might like. I keep hearing this saying, "If everyone liked the same things, the world would be a boring world." I think that's absolutely true. If everyone likes the same thing, then have anyone who comes into the library delete an objectionable item. However, if this happens, the authors won't want to keep writing books, nor will the singers want their @CAPS4 to show up if they find out that someone keeps removing their work. Likewise, people wouldn't want to go to the library if they knew they couldn't find what they were looking for because someone took it down. I disagree with those who think the item should be removed because for someone the book might be perfect. I believe this book or magazine or @CAPS2 should stay on the shelf for anyone who wants to read it. If a person walks by and finds the book objectionable, they need to realize it might not be for others, and walk away. I'm sure people will find my selection of books objectionable or bad and want to remove them from their shelves. However, if this happens, I stop going to the library. That's why I think books should stay where they are
Censorship or removal of material deemed inappropriate or objectionable has been used for centuries as a means of controlling people's thoughts and feelings. @CAPS1 used it for the @CAPS2 colony during @CAPS2 @CAPS4 to keep the colonists loyal to the royal family. @CAPS5 uses censorship not only during @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 as a brand, but also during @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS11 under the direction of @CAPS12. @LOCATION1 is still using censorship today as a way to "protect children". @ORGANIZATION1 tells @CAPS2 the public what we can and can't watch on TV, what we can and can't listen to on the radio. Other organizations tell us which books can and cannot be read, which video games can and cannot be played, and which items can and cannot be purchased. I believe these groups are pushing @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 and other freedom-loving nations to the brink of totalitarianism. As Kathryn Patterson said, "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- a job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so do other people." If a person Having the right to control what we buy, hear, and watch, so why don't we have the right to control the same for them? Where do we draw the line? Ultimately, all books, movies, magazines, music and video games will be considered offensive and inappropriate. Culture will slowly wither and die, and our lives will become tedious and basically useless, for there is no better term. I recently read a book called "@CAPS14" by @PERSON2 about two periods in a boy's life: his childhood with his family in the tribe @LOCATION2, and his time in the capital @LOCATION3 of @CAPS15 Life After Mother's Death. @PERSON2's work includes some not-so-angelian passages that would have caused the book to go unpublished if there was strict censorship. @PERSON2's work has given not only myself but many others insight into the lives that @CAPS16 faces in their @CAPS7 changing landscape, and it certainly made me realize once again that my life is full of family, friends and comfort All in all, censorship is a terrible disease that slowly infects and eats up every aspect of our lives. If you're going to censor something you find offensive, then why don't I do the same? Some censorship is good and a fact of life. But we have to ask ourselves, where do we draw the line? Where is the line between security and a thorough police state? Censorship is just a fancy term for a blatant disregard for @CAPS17 as free speech is guaranteed to all @CAPS2 citizens. As one famous colonial revolutionist once said, "@CAPS19 I'm free, or @CAPS19 I'm death!" If censorship continues to develop and our libraries become more and more empty, then I will put Death takes precedence over freedom, because freedom with censorship is not freedom at all.
If any books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should offend anyone, don't even bother looking at the material. Even though you might find it funny, at the end of the day you'll find it's not good for you and turn it in the other direction. No book, music, film or magazine material should be removed from the material as authors, directors and music writers have made it their creation. No one has the same opinion as everyone else, everyone has their own way. If they didn't mean to offend you, why should it be so bad? Everyone has their own opinion on each material. It might offend someone else, but for another person it might not even affect their perception of what they've read, seen, or heard. Other @MONTH1 have to realize that even if it was written, it's not aimed at people reading it if they did it the wrong way. Even if you're just observing, just walk away and don't let it get the upper hand. Don't let anyone tell you a different opinion. Library censorship isn't just for you, they're for everyone around you. If you don't like a book in the library, or even think it's inappropriate, just walk away and put it down. Nothing in the library should be removed, and just because you don't like it doesn't mean other people will find it interesting. If you find any material objectionable, then maybe you should think about how to present an argument to prove the author wrong. You just have to be strong and accept anything and you have to be ready for it. I go to the library occasionally, most of the time I'm just looking around for something to read, and I find something interesting and pick it up. Once I start reading it, if I feel the type of material is aimed at me and I find it objectionable, I put it aside and put it down. I'm not mistaken because I know it's not a serious thing because my name isn't in the book. So if it's not about me, why should I bother about it? I don't look at any type of material in any negative way because I know the opinions of others, not my own. If someone got it wrong then they should look at other things on the topic and give your own opinion on the topic. Anyone should know that your own opinion is more important than anything else or anyone. The smallest thing shouldn't affect anyone, especially when it doesn't matter. It doesn't change how you feel about the topic. How you feel about it shouldn't affect how others see it
I myself believe that library censorship shouldn't speak out. If they're going to be any censorship it should come from the child's parent, or if you're not a child then you don't need censorship. By censoring things as small as books, movies, etc., I think it gives people a false sense of what's really going on. Just because something isn't censored doesn't mean it should be taken out of context. Think of it this way, if you walk down the street, it won't be censored, people will say bad things, show bad habits, and even see death or more. As a kid who was really never censored, I learned a lot, but I felt like I went to the library and picked up a book, and if it was censored or taken off the shelf, I would be showing a fake world. Again, if life cannot be censored, then we shouldn't censor anything else. Censored books, movies, or anything @MONTH1 can also determine how much people can learn from it. People go to the library to learn some hard facts and will learn based on the subject they look up to. Here are some reasons why I don't think cendors in libraries should be loud. The guarantor should be chosen by yourself, not by an outsider. In the end, we @MONTH1 never know what's better until we try.
No, because the author interprets the story as it actually happened. If your child asks you the word to tell him/her that it is not a good word, you can take the book back and buy him/her a new one. Suppose his/her child comes home from school and says a sentence, you ask where he/she learned it from. They say what the teacher said. You can tell the teacher that you will not let him/her read that book. I think Cousing is a better way to explain the story to them.
Library @CAPS1: @CAPS2 still bad? My trip to the library was a very rare opportunity, I'm a typical person, I like sports, video games, and hanging out with my friends. When I'm not at school, I try to stay away from everything that reminds me of it, like the library. On those very rare occasions, when I go to the library, for summer readings for school, I usually browse around to see what's on the shelves. Something I saw in the library caught my eye, not because it looked like a @CAPS2 book, but because it was shocking to see what they could even fit on a shelf. I've seen romance novels on the shelves I've walked by, they're not as bad as I thought, and they caught my attention at first because they're usually a bit different. I don't think these books are suitable for young people to read, but young kids and teens shouldn't read them. So as long as there is a separation between the children's part and the adult part, then I think it's perfectly fine to have romance novels and any other graphic novels on the shelf because they're literary genres. On the other hand, now magazines can go either way. Gossip magazines can be fun, but they can also be very offensive. A lot of magazine writing issues are people's opinions, and they may be talking about someone or something in a very negative way. I think it's up to the library to decide, but if anyone complains about it, I think the library should kindly take it off the shelf. They are also magazines showing swimwear and clothing models, and I feel like if the boy or girl in the magazine is completely nude, they should be in the back room for people to ask to see them, or they shouldn't be in the library. I've seen parents walk into libraries and their sons ask them why there's a half-naked lady in that magazine, I just think it's very irresponsible parents for libraries to put these magazines out for kids to read and then make mistakes All day long talking about what they saw in the library. Music and movies are not difficult to control, lest they fall into the wrong hands. Now one day the @CAPS3 music boxes have stickers suggested by their parents, so I feel like the library should be able to put any kind of music on the shelves since there are now warnings on the music boxes. Movies, too, have ratings. If a librarian sees a @NUM1 year old trying to view a movie rated @CAPS4 then she should be fired as she obviously has no reason to do so. Excuses don't come into play here because if you look at the ratings and then look at people you can usually see if a movie is for them. Now @CAPS5 movies shouldn't be in a library at all, a library should be a place to read or listen to good stuff. Porn in the library is like strippers in school, it's immoral. In conclusion, I think library censorship is a @CAPS2 thing. If the library keeps things organized and makes sure the kids are not where they shouldn't be, then everything will be fine
I see no reason for the book to be taken off the shelf. If someone doesn't like a book, they don't have to read it. Books are used to entertain or inform people. Some books talk about black people in a bad way, but they still need to be out there so people will know. Libraries are all about making money. Let them make money and sell whatever they want. If I had a library, I would sell anything I could. People will: see, hear, read anything. So why not sell or rent. It's an honest way to make money.
'@CAPS1, @CAPS1, @CAPS1 I love @CAPS4 @CAPS5, I can't lie, when a girl walks in with a little bit of crap and a round thing on your face, you get bouncing. The @CAPS2 song itself portrays a tone that is quite provocative towards women and men. And "@CAPS3 a'las whats pain can be seen over the yonder" tells us that love can be found anywhere. Take a closer look at the two lyrics now and you'll eventually see the connection between the two. The rap song @CAPS4 @CAPS5 is about a guy who finds love in his gluteus maximus, while another says love is everywhere, everywhere. Saying that music, magazines, books, etc. should be banned is saying that throwing @CAPS6 signs on the floor is okay. Well, it's not; banning books, music, etc. is like censoring someone's imagination and creativity. Like @DATE1's book, @CAPS4 @CAPS8 is watching and we're just based on what we're allowed to read and even think about. To take away movies and books is to keep people from learning from the past. Take @CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11 for example, while that movie was pretty gory and morbid, it still taught us the horrors during @CAPS12 @CAPS13 @NUM1 that the past should never be let go. Always remember the past so you can learn from it. Had that film been censored or removed, I personally would never have understood the tough times of @CAPS13 and what effect it had on one's soul and emotions. A book, magazine, movie, etc. is a gateway to a new world where children can use their imaginations and prove what their personalities are. I can say that books and songs save lives. A friend of mine was on the verge of suicide the other day and he barely pulled the trigger when I told him what he was doing was wrong. I was @NUM2 at the time and I went to my ipod to find @CAPS17's song '@CAPS14 to @CAPS15 a @CAPS16'. I basically read the lyrics to him and he finally gave up on suicidal thoughts. While yes, there are songs and books like @CAPS18 and @CAPS19, @MONTH1 that inspire people to do crazy things, even kill people. We will still see more good things done and displayed through reading and writing. Because they are all ways of expressing themselves. A song can @CAPS15 and @CAPS16 as much as it can take away a person. Even so, we can let the imagination flow better than let it be censored. If a book is seen as unwanted or taken away, it will do more harm because it will be wanted by more people, it will be desired because it is an unreachable thing
There are few free ones in today's world in @LOCATION1. Everything we see, hear and read is censored. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? In most cases, this is fine. Adults, teens and young children should all be allowed to access only certain types of movies, music, books, magazines, radio stations, etc. I don't think they should be removed, but I do think access to this material should be limited. Some of the material is a bit difficult for children and teens to know, but I believe what is kept secret from children depends on whether the parent of the child can let the child watch, watch or listen to what @MONTH1 is considered offensive to some people. Some material is and should continue to be censored, but to a certain extent. For a person to watch a @CAPS1-@CAPS2 movie, even unrated in a movie theater, that person must be at least @NUM1 years old. It's the law, and I believe it's a good thing. Parents should also definitely be the ones censoring what their kids watch, see, hear or read. Most of the time, kids don't know better. Children are curious little creatures. If a parent places something around the house that the child has never seen before, the child will immediately wonder what the material is. If it's a magazine, they might read it. I believe there is a certain age to watch these things because there are so many things in this world for adults to see. These materials have to remain open to the public otherwise everyone who thinks these materials are not bad will go bankrupt because people fight for their beliefs and it costs money especially if people want to see their opinions as why they should be able to watch to or hear anything they want to see because they are adults and they are mature enough to participate in these activities. People who fight for their beliefs need lawyers. Lawyers have to be paid or they won't work for you. There are many people in the world who know what they think is good and bad. It all depends on how these people were raised, and they themselves were raised as children. If people think something is bad, then they don't have to read, listen, see or watch anything they find objectionable. These activities are only aimed at those who have no problem seeing or listening to the material, so the material should be censored, but only to a certain extent. If anything in the world that one person finds objectionable is removed, what about all the other people who don't find the material objectionable? What about adults who see or hear these things without harm? Not everyone in this world has the same opinion. In conclusion, not everything should be censored. The material the child sees and hears is up to the parent. People will fight for the freedom to see and hear what they want because people know what they want and will get it any way they have to. This is @LOCATION2, let's not be too strict about things.
How many of you have heard any offensive language? See something you think other kids shouldn't see? I would guess a lot. Almost everyone in the world has heard, said or seen things they shouldn't have. Most people hear the curse words before they even walk. If you can't stop your child from hearing or seeing anything objectionable then why are you trying to edit what they read in the library. After all, it's a public place where anyone can read in peace. Almost everyone in the world has said or done something wrong, but they have learned from it. It allows them to mature and grow. Children learn new words throughout their lives, and inevitably encounter some words that should not be said. However, most people will see what to expect and learn from it. If you take something like this out of the books they read, how do they learn it? The books children read vary from person to person. Young children don't know what bad talk is until they grow up. Older kids read @MONTH1 books with text to show serious parts of a story, or tragic moments in a character's life. Some @MONTH1 even talked about what happens when a character says bad things, and what happens if he says bad things. Authors often change their vocabulary in the stories they write. If they're writing about @DATE1, why are they trying to clean up the syntax that's been said since then. Try to change the reader's mind at the time. Put library books on the shelves, no matter what's in them. No matter how hard the parents try, kids will always see and hear something weird. Books use words to show important parts of stories and our history. Books need to stay in the library they are in
@CAPS2 reviewing @CAPS1 'All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - a job I hate - then you have the same right, and so does everyone else. Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use," is a quote from author Katherine Paterson. She's saying that there are books that most people would consider a little graphic or shocking, but We can't take these books off the shelves because then there will be no books to read in the end. I agree with her that we can't take certain books off the shelves in the library. We can't take them off the shelves because that's a lot of All aspects are taboo. It will go into hot water because people will violate the freedom of the press for authors, who decides what material is right and wrong, and how far it goes in terms of censorship. These are just a few of the many reasons why it is wrong .Taking some books off the shelves would be against our constitution. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 gives all @CAPS5 citizens freedom of the press. This means they can write whatever they want without worrying about the opinions of the government or citizens. If We started taking certain books off library shelves because they @MONTH1 contained something controversial and we violated natural rights there. Which leads me to my next argument, if we do allow censorship, who To be held accountable? So many people want to include their opinions on what's right and what's wrong. So, who are we supposed to trust? For @MONTH1 folks to think something is out of place, but the people standing next to them will Think it's common. That's what makes this country great. We're a fusion of so many different ideas, working together for a common goal. If the government sends someone to censor books, magazines, or music, it's going to cause an uproar. How can one person Can you say if there is a problem? If someone is allowed to censor things, what will be included? How far? This is a difficult question to ask. If we ask a person to judge things, what should be included? And music? Or will it extend to judgments about clothes and lifestyle? If we implement this kind of censorship, our life will be a major judgment. Self-expression will disappear because people will be afraid of being perceived as 'inappropriate' Our world will become a puzzle of trying to fit in and go unnoticed, rather than stand out and move humanity forward. There will always be some people who disagree with something. They find it inappropriate or offensive. We have to be aware Well, everyone sees things differently. As people, we need to learn to accept the unusual and try to understand where other people are coming from. If we can do that, our world will be a better place
I believe everyone has the right to choose which books should be banned from their children, but not the public. Everyone has their own beliefs about what he or she reads or watches, so the library itself is perfect. We can't read books that we find offensive because of our beliefs, because other people may want to come and read about a religion or a topic. If we went through all the books and built a library with only the books we wanted, we would be in debt, because then we would have to build a library for everyone, not one for all of us Enjoy the library of our favorite books in one place. So if we have a question about a book or movie in the library, we should keep our kids away from that item and tell them why they shouldn't be affected by that item
@CAPS1 A very smart person in life once said, "The only way to get rid of temptation is to get rid of it together." @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @PERSON2, grew up with a bad influence on those around him. @CAPS4 went to a run-down school, lived in a crime-ridden neighborhood, had a drink @CAPS2, had no mother around to help him, and an older brother who constantly beat and hurt him, both emotionally and physically. As @CAPS4 grows, there is the temptation to do something morally wrong around him. @CAPS4 has no examples of mannerisms, but @CAPS4 stay away from @CAPS3, tobacco, drugs, guns, prostitutes, violence and fighting, and even "minor" things like porn. As I grew up with @CAPS1 @CAPS2 as a hardworking person with @CAPS1 mom by my side helping me through school and preparing for college, it turns out that times have changed. Just before I was born, @CAPS1's parents moved out of the old crime-ridden neighborhood and out of the city. We moved to suburbs where crime was rarer and mostly just misdemeanor. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 told me one day, 'I'm scared of changing times. When I was a kid, I hadn't heard avian language in songs and music, but now these songs just seem to be about sex, drugs, killing, and even rape! At this rate, I'm afraid to think about what your kids will see, son. @CAPS4 has a valid point. In our day and age, young people can even go to public libraries for books about illegal drugs and movies with sex scenes and music talking about killing law enforcement officers. What happens to the world when an eight-year-old @MONTH1 walks into a public library and checks out a book about cocaine? Worst of all, they can read these books while browsing when they don't actually need to check them. A quote from author Katherine Paterson says, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelves." I believe, rather than hope they don't put the book Take it off the shelf, we should take the book off the shelf, @CAPS5 put the book there. Public libraries are marked as safe places for children and adults to go when they feel threatened or threatened. Well, what if @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are scared as parents because evil exists in the world and they are so accepted in today's society that they are even found in public libraries? Then what? Public libraries and other public resources should be controlled and monitored for what they allow access. A parent should @CAPS5 must hope that his or her child does not pick up a book on an inappropriate subject in public, but should know that is the case with @CAPS5. Parents should be able to relax and rest assured that their children will not be contaminated by immoral things
When I was in seventh grade, my task was to read every @PERSON1 book I could get my hands on. Some of the material in her book turned out to be a bit too vulgar for most middle school students, some parents clearly thought it was inappropriate, and our school librarian decided not to bring it into the school library. I'm devastated, there's no way my mom would agree to buy me two dozen weird books by @PERSON1, and my meager pocket money and various lemonade stands don't have enough money to buy it myself. Back then, the censorship that banned my favorite books from showing their covers in our school library bothered me a lot. I don't understand why some parents @MONTH1 think some of the topics in her book are too mature for our age group. However, I am changing my mind. Now I can understand why our school library @MONTH1 is not so fond of carrying them pornographic books. That's why I think in school libraries some books should be censored or marked as mature. But in public libraries, these books should not be censored. Books need to be reviewed by the school library because some of the kids at @MONTH1 are too immature to deal with the topics in the book pages. Most parents want their children to be as innocent as possible, and I can respect that idea. Having advanced books also makes schools look bad because not all parents will agree with the idea and some will complain that their children read things they don't intend for them to discover for many years to come. Not all censorship is about sex. Another type of graphic novel that is often censored is the violent genre. A terrifying real-time war story about fighting for the country, juxtaposed with the heroic thinking of the time, to the applause of the people of the hometown. Some of these stories can very vividly convey the idea that war isn't all nice and playboy, and that everything seems to be cracked. These types of stories are important to our culture to prevent any misunderstandings by us @MONTH1, or attempts to prevent them from starting at an early age by shocking readers. War shouldn't be seen as fun and exciting, young @CAPS1 should know so they don't go astray when they reach military age. In these cases, these stories of violence are important to our young people, and I don't think they should be censored in libraries. One @MONTH1 raised the issue of the violence these books could provoke. I'm not advocating for books with unnecessary violence on the shelf. I think school libraries should display violent books and unmissable highlights that help communicate. Public libraries are a very different story. They have different sections for children's literature and adult literature. Of the school libraries, most, if not all, libraries are dedicated to serving children or teens. In public libraries it's the exact opposite, (unless it's a children's public library). Most public libraries hold mostly adult books and a small selection of children's books. In this type of setup, any type of book is allowed into the adult section, marked as mature. The subject matter doesn't matter, but the point of public libraries is to educate our citizens that if the content they want to read is violent or explicit, so long as they're reading and using the government-funded resources available to them. If the library is privately owned, then the owner can decide to put any book they want in it and review any book they want. The purpose of the library is to educate the citizens of this country, strive to make them better, and help them make clear, informed decisions based on their prior knowledge. If these books are censored, some information may not be conveyed and misinformation @MONTH1 will be erratic. We must prevent this by any means possible
In my opinion, they shouldn't be censoring books. They should be read the way the author intended to read @CAPS4. However, I understand censoring songs and movies so they @MONTH1 play on radio and theaters. The books on the back now have great information and shouldn't be taken off the shelves because everyone should read them. They were written in this language because @CAPS4 was the way people spoke at the time. These books are classics and should not be changed, or removed from the shelf. In @PERSON1's book "To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 @CAPS3" they used a lot of bad language, but it was the way they talked at the time and the author tried to convey a good message to the reader. @CAPS4 shouldn't change @CAPS4 understandably they change the song and remove the bad language so it can be played on the radio. When an artist writes a song, they know that @CAPS4 won't play on the radio if it's bad language or graphic language. I don't think they mind changing a few words in the song so that @CAPS4 can be played on the radio for all to hear. For the song "@CAPS5 You" by @ORGANIZATION1, they replaced the word @CAPS6 with "@CAPS5". When writing this song, he knew @CAPS4 couldn't be played on the radio, so with another word, @CAPS4 is still a good song. Movies are about the same as songs, if @CAPS4 is too visual they can't show the movie in theaters. They @MONTH1 removed certain scenes, or changed a few words, but it didn't change the movie. Once @CAPS4 is available in stores, these scenes or words can reappear in the movie. I understand and respect everyone's opinion on this matter, I'm just expressing my opinion. If these authors or artists want their work to be different, they do @CAPS4.
Books are books, and magazines, music, movies, etc., so there is only one purpose, right? Reading them well is what I think. While books, magazines and even certain movies may offend some people, that doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelves. I don't think they should be taken down. Because if someone like you wrote it, someone like you might be more willing to read it. While sometimes books and magazines are inappropriate, @MONTH1 offends some people, that doesn't mean they should remove them entirely, because sometimes people need to read things in there that aren't fully adapted. Because reading about things you don't fully understand can sometimes help you learn not to do those bad things. It also helps prevent some kids from smoking and drug use if they hear or see these things from experience. Books and magazines that offend people just tell them what they don't want to hear. Even if you @MONTH1 don't want to hear it, drug and sexual content will always be seen or experienced around our kids. Having a book or magazine on drugs in the library won't make kids or people try drugs. When people go around it or see it or even hear it, they can't control themselves. It's called self-control, and some people have it, some people don't. Reading a book on drugs will only prevent this from happening. So I think libraries should keep books on their shelves. If some people don't want to see it at their local library, then they don't need to pick up a book, magazine, or watch a movie. These books, magazines and movies will only help us become stronger people. They also help us try to stay clean as a community. These books are very important to the community and worth reading, so they never have a tendency to do those bad things. That's why I don't think books that offend some people should be removed from the library. If the library doesn't want to see or accidentally read something that might offend them, the library itself just has to move the books and magazines to another section of the library. This can help people avoid things like this. Libraries only need to put books, magazines and movies on the shelves. like they are in our local library today
Usually, when you walk into a library, there are books, magazines, movies and CDs everywhere. Most of the items in the library are suitable for children, but there are also some suitable for adults and teens. Many people are distressed by the presence of objects in the library that are religiously offensive, have offensive language, or contain adult material. In this country, we have freedom of speech and freedom of religion, which allows us to choose what we think is right in certain situations, such as this one. Granted, some books are very offensive to certain types and religions of different people. Have you ever seen or heard of an educational yet offensive movie? In my opinion, people should have the right to censor what the library has to offer their students or children to some extent. If a book or magazine or anything @MONTH1 offends someone, I believe they should be able to choose whether their students or children can view that particular item. People should not get out of hand with this censorship capability. I believe our generation is very different from the past because most of the things we have to deal with are things that are most likely to offend a certain religion and/or a certain kind of person. In a sense, this compromises censorship for all who choose to participate. I believe that a person or authority should be able to remove a book from the shelf if and only if a person or authority asks for it and gets approval. People have the right to do what they choose, but depriving others of the opportunity to read books or watch movies is a bit of a censorship privilege. I think when a person finds an item in the library offensive, they should sign a piece of paper stating why they think it should be taken out of the library and who you think the item is offensive. In doing so, I believe that only certain items should be taken from certain groups of people. All in all, I believe library censorship is an amazing idea because all the bad things in the world are in books, movies, and CDs. If people think they are wrong, they have the right to change things. If it gets to the point where they can make things better, they should take their chances! Do you think library censorship is a good idea? I do it because if people find something objectionable, it gives people a chance to change and do better for themselves.
I think censorship should be irrelevant in libraries because some of these books, magazines, music and movies are loved by different people everywhere. If you do not like what is said or seen in some material, please do not read, watch or listen to any of it. People have different tastes in what they like to hear, watch or read. Some people might like rap music, but others might like rock music. People who like rock may not like rap because some of the language is used in the songs. This is why some people listen to other types of music rather than the ones they find offensive. I like rock and metal just because rap is a little offensive. I have a lot of family members who say I shouldn't listen to music like this because of the language. Some say reading something is a preference, but what if you're sitting in a doctor's office and want to read a magazine that's just sitting there. If you start browsing the magazine and find something you don't like or don't like, keep turning the pages or put down the magazine. You have to think for yourself that there are other people who like or are interested in things you might find offensive. The best thing you can do is drop it and think it's not for you. Magazines can hide all kinds of things off the page, but sometimes you have to look at the cover to see something written in the magazine. Sometimes this can help you decide whether to read it or not. No matter the occasion, watching a movie is always fun. Some people like certain movies, such as action, comedy, romance, or drama. Some people might not like the action, because almost all of these movies have violence. Some people may not like comedy because of the rude humor. There are so many types of movies out there, it's not the producers' fault that we didn't like it. People make different movies because everyone is different. Some people may be offended by certain elements of the movie, and all you can do is read the movie before watching it. I don't think censorship matters in libraries because some of these books, magazines, music and movies are loved by different people everywhere.
Book Review Should books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be taken down if found offensive? Yes, because certain things need to be removed from the shelves, such as many things that don't need to be seen in public. Personally I think it's ok to censor certain things because some books shouldn't be read, music either swears talking about drugs or something, movies kids shouldn't watch, like rated "@CAPS1" or "@NUM1 ' ' Either there's blood, or nudity, or it's on that line, and magazines now have many types of magazines, such as adult, kids, cooking, cleaning, household items, dog or cat stuff, and outside stuff . But censoring things that can be "offensive" I can't understand how books can be offensive because some are talking about history or what happened to them. For example, let's say a kid of color comes in and reads a book about "@CAPS2 slavery", that kid will be disgusted by it, and then that kid will say "You owe me something because my ancestors were slaves ' without your kids because you either read the book wrong or you just don't understand it. I've done this a few times and either I'm disgusted by it and start getting really mad at it, or just because I'm mad Throw it in the trash because I'm pissed about it. Don't get me wrong, I love to read, but like I said before, some things just never get read or never get discovered. But As for my offense to a few books, movies, music or magazines @CAPS13 I don't read magazines so I can't take offense about that, but books, movies and music I'm very disgusted with because like if I read let's say "@ CAPS3 @CAPS4" and then I watch the movie @CAPS13 and I think it's offensive because there's nothing unrelated to the book or that person didn't direct it properly. Don't get me wrong about books I say I love to read Meaning but I'm really really offended because like things the characters did or I wish I shouldn't have done like that or the characters died and it reminded me of my close friends or teachers on that line I either cry or I just stop reading the book. Now I can listen to music all day because for example I used to love rap but now it's bad because rappers are either talking about killing or drugs or "sex" ", like I said "horrible" that's a thing that takes a long time to go away. But there are many other genres besides rap. There are @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @CAPS7, @CAPS8, punk, @CAPS1& @CAPS10 wait like I said I can listen to music all day. People who censor tv shows and stuff like @CAPS11 @CAPS12 there's nothing wrong with that show and some people are censoring it because adults think it's very Oops @CAPS13 people, there's nothing wrong with this show. I've been watching it since I was five and there was nothing bad at that time, so why is it bad now. It's just that a grown man acts like a kid, Like you're going to tell your husband or wife or kids '@CAPS13 @CAPS14 I'm sorry but I have to censor you because you're a bad person. I'm not saying I'm going to censor it I'm just saying maybe we as people should spend before censoring Time to browse some of these shows. @PERSON1
The library has a large collection of books, CDs, movies and magazines for people to read. For someone interested in something, they have a variety of options. Some may offend some...let me tell you what I think! Most people like what they are interested in, some like other things. There are certain things to watch for certain age groups, there is a section for children, there is a section for teens, and there is a section for adults. There may be some things that people think are objectionable. But that doesn't mean they have to take @CAPS4 off the shelf, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 have to catch @CAPS4. It's that simple. That's what @CAPS4 is all about. This is how I feel about such library products. And what people should do to not get something that offends them... '@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4'!
I love books, movies, music, etc. without censorship. Sheltering young people is not too smart because they can be curious about things and sometimes they won't tell us they just found out on their own. Most media and books have uncensored content for many different reasons, and I think it's going well. Yes, some young people take things too seriously, but that's because the parents aren't there to explain it. I'm not saying go and show a four-year-old a movie rated "@CAPS1", but take it easy. Music is everywhere, and it's hard to keep your kids away from music anyway because it's everywhere. You should be there watching what you're listening to, but sooner or later they'll hear it, might as well let them hear around you and then others will give the wrong advice. Some parents complain too much about this issue because they don't want to be there explaining everything all the time, but if you can't take that responsibility, why have kids. Books are also different, if a book has something that parents don't want their kids to read, take it away from them. But most books of this stuff don't have pictures, so they have to imagine it, and if they don't know what they're talking about, they can't think of anything bad anyway. I wouldn't be a careless parent, but I don't think keeping kids away from the real world, media, and books is a good idea, very unwise. Kids will one day learn things like spells, drinking and drugs, and parents are there to teach kids right and wrong if they have questions about what they hear, see or read. People worry too much about censorship and making sure everything is clean, but media and books aren't all clean until some people get lazy and don't want to @PERCENT1 for their kids. When I was young, my parents didn't shelter me or prevent me from reading the books I wanted, and I turned out fine. I don't drink or do drugs because my parents are there if I have a question about something the books or the media don't understand. Not the media or literature, but the parents, if they can't explain it there, then why are they parents. As for magazines, if parents are really worried about certain magazines around their kids, don't let them buy them, it's your choice. Don't you want your kids to grow up and go out and live their own lives? Then don't let them away from everything. When they ask questions, let them know something. If they can't read the book, you can tell them what's right or wrong, or let them figure out a bad way, that's your choice. If they see something on @CAPS2, then please explain not to just freak out and stop them from knowing what's in the real world. It's all your choice, but if you shelter them for too long, they'll never have a good life. Sheltering @MONTH1 looks good now, but when they get older and start their lives, they won't know what to do or how to properly talk to people. I've seen firsthand how the terrible consequences of keeping kids away from media and books can have an impact on certain things in human life. Censorship is all bad, the only way to understand real life these days is the media and books. Not stopping everything will help people understand what the world needs to do. So don't censor everything and let the next generation know what the previous generation did wrong.
In our world today, there is a way to find anything you want under one roof. People call these buildings libraries. The library houses nearly every book ever written and makes it freely available to the public. If you can't find what you're looking for in a book, they have many other resources: movies, music, magazines, and the internet. I'm not saying here that we should bundle any objectionable material because everything would offend someone. There are always people in the world who say they were offended just to make a point or get attention in today's world, even if they don't even care about the subject at hand. The internet can take you anywhere you want to go. Yes, libraries do put up barriers on the internet for those very objectionable sites, but people have learned how to get around them. The library is set up in one location, with all the children's material in one place, all the teen material in another, and all the adult material in another room. As a kid, I loved going to the library to play and read, but one thing I never did was go to the adult room, and I think many other kids feel the same way. In fact, I have never seen children in the adult section of the library. Movies and music have ratings, and if the ratings exceed what the child should be watching, the child cannot view the movie or music without the parent's signature. This ensures that children cannot view objectionable or objectionable material without parental consent. Our library is set up just fine, I don't think we should try to change the library in any way. Movies and music are rated and children cannot view objectionable material. Materials in the library are organized by age groups, and children usually don't venture out of their areas of interest. Last but not least, if we take out all the objectionable stuff in the library, then we'll know that the library in our community won't exist anymore.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 newspaper, or whoever this article @MONTH1 follows. I have become very aware of the problems we face in the media today. Information and the ways in which individuals seek it have evolved and are still changing rapidly. Technology and new information is so vast that it is extremely difficult to review. Two weeks ago, I took my @NUM1 year old niece @CAPS3 to our local public library to find a book for her. As soon as the library's automatic door opened, she went straight to the movie area. I couldn't help laughing because I knew that was why she really wanted to go to the library. When I asked @CAPS3 what movie she was watching, she flipped the cover over without reservation and said '@CAPS5 @CAPS6'. "I can't let my little niece watch @CAPS5 @CAPS6", I thought to myself in silence. Then I realized how easy it is for kids to access adult information. I agree with @PERSON1 to some extent. I believe that if we start taking certain information completely, we will find ourselves in the dark. But when we open our children (the future of the world) to adult information, they are greatly affected, @CAPS9 teens and violent video games or pornographic magazines. For example, my niece can look at any book in the library, such as @CAPS10 @CAPS11 famous book titled "@CAPS12 @CAPS13" which means my struggles in German. My @NUM1 year old niece can read very well and is as impressionable as many young children. Public media needs to be more closely monitored, this includes public libraries, retail stores, the internet and @CAPS14. I think books should be censored for content like movies. This holds distributors accountable and consumers are more aware of the content and its effects
This quote from Katherine Paterson says, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf." I don't agree with that statement. I think it is the government's choice whether these items should be taken out of the library. So we need a valid reason to take some books off the shelf. Some people think that we should take the books that teach our children our history from the shelves. People have no right to deprive children of their rights. In Katherine's statement, she supported the idea. Take away the right of our children to study American history. Children have a right to know about our own history, and some want to take it away. So what will our next generation look like. Some kids may not even know who @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is or how we came to this continent. Parents also don't want us to read any books with foul language or nudity. I see what these parents are trying to do. They're trying to protect their kids, but the truth is people are going to have to go through this in their lives and what they'll do when they grow up if they're not introduced when they're young. Some children who are denied this right will grow up not knowing what to do, and the vulgar language in these books gives the book a voice. We don't want future generations to turn a blind eye to this because this is the real world. In fifth grade, I liked to read. I really like adventure books like Boxcar Children and similar. Once I walked into the library and picked out a book about haunted houses. The librarian won't let me check the book because some of the text in it doesn't suit me. That kind of hit my reading spirit, I really don't want to read books by myself anymore. So adults who want to take these books off the shelf may prevent my generation from learning, and if we don't, our next generation won't want to read or learn anything. These are just a few reasons why we shouldn't take away books, magazines, movies and music. There are more people who have reasons to do so, so if you want to take this away from us right away, be prepared to argue because there will be a fight for this right. So you adults who want to take this book off the shelf, you better have a real legitimate reason to take it down.
Censorship is a tricky concept. The word can ban music in stores, books on shelves and movies in theaters. Writer Katherine Paterson said that if all reading or listening material was removed, nothing would be left. I totally agree with this statement. If someone finds an aspect of a work objectionable, it's not eligible to ban or discard the work. I don't think objectionable material should be removed for the following reasons: it suppresses the author's feelings, nothing is left on the shelf, and there are no boundaries as to what is offensive or not. Now, I know that there are many people who oppose my position. I assure them that I understand these feelings. Some viewers thought it was good to remove objectionable material because it protected the ears of those who couldn't deal with the wording or context. Others @MONTH1 find sensitive viewers @MONTH1 uncomfortable with text. Additionally, many believe that exposing people to violent, dangerous, and dangerous habits can induce the same behavior in young children. While these are valid opinions, they are not sufficient to automatically consider it OK to take it off the shelf. Contrary to what others think, I think one of the reasons @CAPS6 material should be on the shelves is because if it doesn't, the author's thoughts and feelings are suppressed. For example, the book To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 was banned for a long time. Harper @CAPS3's book @MONTH1 has something to slander us @MONTH1 finds offensive today. However, that was the way people spoke at the time. Who are we to blame @DATE1 and @DATE2 for how these words are expressed? By banning "To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2" during the forbidden time frame, generations have been deprived of the powerful and beautiful meaning of the entire book. This means you can't punish innocents because they did nothing wrong. Same goes for the @CAPS6 book. @CAPS6 One of the reasons I think it should stay on the shelf. Next, literary and musical works should stay on the shelves because, as Kathryn Patterson said, if everyone takes a book away, "then there are no more books on any of us on the shelf." @ CAPS6 is very correct. Many books have been put on the banned books list. For example, in @CAPS10 there are "To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2", "@CAPS9", "@PERSON2", etc. What books are coming off the shelves next? Once society gets rid of all literature, the next step will be music. Check out singer/songwriter @PERSON3. He made some very sexually themed music. When people buy his records on @DATE3, they have to be covered or put in a brown paper bag. They @MONTH1 are considered censorship, but that's one step away from being banned. His record label refused to make his music in his name because of the ugly lyrics. Because of this, @PERSON3 changed his name to an unpronounceable symbol. What's next? Finally, the last reason why I shouldn't remove objectionable material is because who says something is objectionable? A novel or song @MONTH1 makes @NUM1 happy, but should it disappear from the record store or library because of one? I do not think so. There are many words and concepts that have not been accepted by society over the centuries. However, those equally shocking concepts have been embraced, if not uncommon habits. If @CAPS6 is given time for "offensive material", it will become non-offensive for years to come. For all the reasons I've said, I don't agree with taking anything off the shelf because some things are unacceptable if not offensive. If everything was removed because of opinions, the world of art would cease to exist. And then we as people wonder what we'll be left with. We will be nothing more than a bunch of narrow and ignorant people who know nothing about books, music, magazines, movies, etc. Now, my question to you @CAPS6: If everything is seen as objectionable material, what's left? ?
Everyone in the world is different and unique, and they have their own unique perspective. This brings us to the censorship argument for everything because some people think that @MONTH1 doesn't offend anyone else. The censorship I'm talking about is specific to library censorship. Three main reasons why libraries should not be censored. The first reason is that these books are written for public reading. The next reason is that people have the right to make their own decisions. The last reason is that parents can limit the amount of reading their children can read. Library censorship is a ridiculous idea because a few shouldn't make a choice for all. The number one reason libraries shouldn't be censored is that these books are written for the public to read. A library is a public place where people should get any book they choose. If a few people start censoring books, a chain reaction will start. After reviewing so many different books, there will be fewer books for people to enjoy. All books reviewed are for enjoyment. If books are censored, some people @MONTH1 don't even have a chance to see them, they won't be able to learn from them. Books deserve a chance to be enjoyed as they should, and if they're censored, that chance is gone. The next reason is that people have the right to make their own decisions. If someone doesn't like a book, they don't have to read it. They don't have the right to censor that book because they don't like it. Another guy @MONTH1 liked this book and many others @MONTH1 liked it too. People should be able to choose the books they want and not be told what they can and cannot read. When it comes to getting books, they need to let other people make the decision. People can't go around preventing other people from reading their favorite books. They need to get others to think for themselves, to get them to read what they want to read. The last reason is that parents can limit what their children can read. If parents don't want their children to read something, then they can tell their children not to allow them to read. Others should not review a book because it is not suitable for children. If the child's parents find the book offensive to their child, they can protect them. Everyone needs to worry about what they like and let others enjoy what they want. Let parents set boundaries for their children and make life easier. If the books are not just reviewed for children, it also allows others to enjoy the books. Parents worry about their children and adults worry about themselves. Library review is absolutely wrong and unjust. Some people shouldn't say, "I don't like this book, so review it." I'll remind you of these three reasons. First, these books were written to be enjoyed by the public. People also have the right to choose what they want. Finally, parents can set limits on what their children can read. Books should be uncensored so that anyone who wants to read them can enjoy them. Everyone needs books to be loved by everyone, they shouldn't take away a book that is loved by censorship.
Someone asked, 'Should @CAPS1's book be reviewed from the library? @CAPS2 Parents who always think the library has books that are not suitable for their children, so they oppose the library and tell them to censor or delete those books. I believe libraries censor or remove books, magazines, movies, music, etc., depending on the subject of @CAPS1 these things. It is also the parent's job to monitor what @CAPS1 children read, listen to or watch. @CAPS2 Libraries have no reason to censor and take away books because a parent or two complained that it was inappropriate, when parents could pull their kids out of books or movies and move on to other things. It's not the library's job to watch kids and make sure they don't read, listen, or watch anything bad. It's a parent's job. Writer Katherine Paterson also has a good point. She said that if she had the right to take the book off the shelves, so did everyone else. If everyone else started taking books off the shelves, we would have no books. Everyone views books differently. @CAPS1 One thinks it's bad, the other @MONTH1 doesn't. And vice versa: @CAPS1 one person thinks it's good, another @MONTH1 thinks it's bad. Regarding movies, @CAPS2 are some that should be censored, such as movies that contain extreme violence or gore. I remember going to the library as a kid and I wanted to see @CAPS3 movies. I can't check it because I'm not @NUM1 at least. I find this ridiculous because it's just a @CAPS3 movie and it's harmless. For magazines and music, it also depends on their subject. Some magazines contain pictures and articles that are not suitable for young children, and these things should be kept away from children. They don't necessarily need to be reviewed or taken away, just kept in another section for teens and adults. However, the music poses a problem. A lot of music is very inappropriate these days, especially rap music. In my opinion, music that sends a negative message and contains a lot of damnation in the lyrics should be censored. It doesn't belong in a library environment where young children wander around and are affected by it. In conclusion, books, music, movies and magazines should or should not be censored or removed based on topic. It just depends on the subject's @CAPS1 and how inappropriate it is. @CAPS1 One parent thinks it's bad, another @MONTH1 doesn't. In general, I don't think books, music, movies and magazines should be censored. Parents can decide @CAPS1 what they want their kids to read, watch or listen to
Today I am going to talk about certain materials such as books, music, movies and magazines. Should they be removed from shelves if they are found to be objectionable? In today's world, it is difficult to please every living soul. Everyone will disagree with certain things in their lifetime. Life as we know it, everyone lives in a different way, in a different place, but everyone has read a book, listened to music, or even read a magazine. People @MONTH1 think it's different from everyone else. So I personally don't think they should take the article out of the library where you can learn something, unless it's something like porn, they shouldn't hesitate to take it out. My conclusion is that you can't please everyone. I don't think you should take things out of the library that can help students learn.
At your local library, you can find hundreds of books in a variety of content, styles, and stories. Not everyone likes to read the same types of topics, not everyone likes the same style of music, not everyone likes the fashion in a magazine or the same articles written in a magazine. No one is the same, we all have different likes and interests. Some people @MONTH1 find certain books disturbing and inappropriate and should not be allowed on library shelves. That's just some people, and what one finds disturbing and vulgar, another finds amusing. No one is the same, so not all books will be eye-catching and interesting for everyone. If one person finds a book inappropriate and another finds it interesting and recommends it to their friends, the person who is dissatisfied with the reading material is allowed to remove the book from the shelf , do not allow others to read it. Everyone should have the same opportunity to read books that others find inappropriate. People should be allowed to read material and topics they enjoy reading. But when it comes to a nude magazine about sex and nudity, it should only be in adult stores. The kid in the library might think about walking up to the adults and picking up the magazines and seeing all those women, that mother doesn't want her kids to be able to pick up pornographic magazines or videos when she takes them to the library. You must be at least 18 years old to view or purchase these magazines, so store these magazines only in adult stores where children cannot view them. Now some books @MONTH1 has a nude photo in the text, but it's probably to show how to do a breast exam, educate women about breast cancer and help prevent the seriousness of this, educate people in our society well matter. @MONTH1 Illness books with nude photos should be allowed, they educate the community and save lives. While one person's voice or opinion should not be heard over others, we are all created equal and we all deserve to be heard. Books are the same, they are created for men, women, boys and girls equally, to be allowed to read and discover adventure, excitement, sadness and anger. We have different desires for different readings, music and fashion. In today's world, in our society, in our community, there are different opinions about what children should read or what books they should be allowed to pick off the shelves at their local library. Books are written by different people with different perspectives, different ways of seeing life, and different voices. The book has a curse word in the text, which doesn't mean the book is an abomination that poisons society. That book is probably one of the best books a child or adult will read in their lifetime. Everyone has different views, preferences, interests, needs and wants. No one has the same desire for reading material. We should all have the opportunity to read or not read what others find inappropriate. The author also deserves to be heard rather than shunned, as some consider his or her material unenforceable on the shelves of their local library. Freedom of speech, freedom of happiness should imply that the suitor finds a book that will satisfy one's hunger. Let every voice be heard and every word read, no matter how big or small, no matter how much inappropriate context it contains. Let everyone read as they please, and let everyone get married in reading
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3: @CAPS4 I'm @PERSON1 and I've heard people discuss different things in the library. I want you to know my take on the whole situation. There are a lot of things, like books, music, movies, magazines, etc., that people don't think are appropriate. Many people have different views than others. Everyone has a different point of view and a different way of looking at things. Especially when it comes to kid-friendly stuff. I believe if a kid comes home with a book, movie, etc. and their parents don't agree, the parent should go and tell the librarian why she doesn't think it's appropriate. The librarian should listen to the parent and look at it for herself to see what she thinks. She has the right to remove it from the shelf if she feels it is inappropriate. If a parent comes in and talks to the librarian about why something isn't right, and the librarian thinks it's okay, then maybe she needs to put books, movies, etc. in different areas of the library. Just like a kid finds a book and the parent says it's not suitable, the librarian can take that book out of the kid's area and maybe put it in a bigger kid's area. I do have experience with this. In my old school, adults always complained about books they thought were inappropriate. We were upset when the librarian told us because we girls like to read those books. The librarians at the time thought they were fit and really didn't want to take them out of the library. So, she had a brilliant idea. She picked up the books, the ones people complained about, and put them on the dedicated shelf behind her desk. If you want one of these books, you must talk to your parents or bring a note stating that you can read the book. This is a very good idea because if your parents won't let you read them, you won't want to buy a copy or even see them. And those who are allowed and want to read them can still read them without a problem. My other thought is if you see a young kid in a book, movie, etc, go talk to them about why they're there and tell them it's not their age level material. Try to steer them to their age group and try to find books, movies, etc. that @MONTH1 is interested in for them. I'm sure everyone has a different opinion, but just because one complains doesn't mean it has to ruin it for all. Just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean other people like it too. I think the review should be in the library, but not extreme. The library should have many different themes, so everyone likes something in there. There should be action, adventure, humor, love, etc. Talk to people and see what they like. And just because one person complains, don't take it out right away because another person might like it. Thanks for taking the time to read my comments, hope it helps
I don't think libraries should generally take music, movies or magazines away. Because you never know what's going on at home, they just want to get out and relax and read by themselves in the library. I don't think they should take books off the shelf just because people like going to the library. If they don't have these things, what's the point of going there. My other thing is that they should take these things because they're not going to be profitable. When people go to the library, they don't see that the things they want to know happen. I don't think it should be the children's fault that all the books are gone. It should be the fault of the library's owners and staff who made them take the books off the shelves. I also think when kids go to the library, they ask their parents or other people there. Where are the books because they want to read them, and where are the books so they can check them out. But people will want to keep taking books from the library to check. The specific reason I think people shouldn't take books off the shelf is that people and kids love to read on weekends if they don't have them at home. My problem is that they shouldn't delete anything at all because it's going to cause a lot of uproar. So it would be sad to delete all of this because if there's no one to go anywhere, they feel lonely and they want to go to the library How to do reading. But my whole point is, who doesn't have books, music or magazines on the shelf. But I also think if they do it in the real world. Then it will be scary and crisis for people. I don't think they should because people like to read, listen to music, etc. I also don't think they should because people like to go and release some of the pressure they might have, they just want to be there. I also think they probably wouldn't do it anyway because they know people like the work there and don't go. One thing I like is it's nice and quiet when I go to the library and we can listen to our ipods or our @NUM1 player or something. Some people just like to go there so they can see their friends there and communicate with them on the computer. My reasoning is that they shouldn't because they could lose everything like jobs there and so on.
Are you offended when you read a book and your eyes cross a swear word? Does hearing them with your own ears bother you? No matter how hard you try, you can't avoid the harsh language of today's society. Have you ever walked into a library and started reading a book, but decided to put it back on the shelf because of the language in the book? Many books in libraries today carry offensive language. Sometimes it gives the book character and makes the story more real to the reader, but in other cases the reader @MONTH1 is offended. In my personal opinion, if you don't like the language of the book, put it back on the shelf. The author writes the book the way he or she wants, not the way you want to see it. Some of @MONTH1's material is not suitable for younger readers. When it comes to discussing censorship, the sophistication of readers will certainly vary. For example, I believe many parents have questions about the use of alcohol and drugs in the movie "@CAPS1". A lot of people thought the movie was funny and entertaining. Should this movie be taken off the shelves for using alcohol and drugs? These words and deeds that we are trying to censor are not going to go away. Wherever you @MONTH1 are, we see and hear them in our daily lives. So if you don't like the language in the book, choose another language
In my opinion, if some material is offensive, it should be taken off the shelves, depending on how offensive they are. If they are objectionable because of racism or bigotry, I don't think they should be put on hold. Also, if it offends women or men, it should be taken down. People should be able to read and listen to stuff without being offended by it. I think if it offends a different race then yes it should be taken off the shelves. I think it's because, kids can read this and then, they'll believe it's right to compete with other races. I think children and others should be able to read and listen to things without offending others. They should also be able to do that, rather than learn how to offend others. People who read such objectionable content may cause trouble for others. It can also cause problems for libraries, as people don't want to come back because they have objectionable material. Then people don't want to be there, then the library doesn't have enough service and they're going to have to close. I also believe that if the protagonist is offensive to women/men then it should be taken off the shelf. Magazines with women and men can be objectionable because many people see them as garbage. This left a bad impression on some people. It's rude there. It creates bad thoughts in some people's minds. I believe that if the material being read is objectionable then it should be taken off the shelf. It might cause a lot of problems for others. If others choose not to go again, it could cause us to lose the library. If they are objectionable in any way, nothing should be left.
Some people think that some things should be taken off the shelves or even made. But that's their decision, and not everyone should listen to it or just try to do it. I think something objectionable should and shouldn't be taken down. They should do it because it might offend someone, not because people can read it or see it or even listen to its music and then learn more about it and then they probably won't do the same . So people do get to choose what should be banned or not, but they can also choose if they want to read it. They may not want their kids to read it, but their kids will still hear the same stuff elsewhere. I don't think they should be cancelled because no matter what they do or say, there will still be things in the world that people find offensive and you just can't stop it. I listen to a lot of music when I drive to school, mostly rap music. Yes, mostly offensive to girls and stuff, but that's just music, doesn't mean it's real or anything. People can choose not to listen or not to read. If they think it's offensive to them or anyone else, or just don't like it, they have the right to avoid it and not watch it. People just want to change everything and make sure everything is perfect and there is nothing bad in the world. But no matter what you try, bad things are waiting for you. You just need to know how to avoid it. It's much easier to avoid things you don't like than to spend all your time trying to get banned from the shelves. You should keep it on a bookshelf for those who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what it's all about. I don't like it when I read or listen to something offensive. I will either close it or stop reading it. Don't try to get it banned because it takes a lot of time. People should not worry about what is said or written and try to ban it because another book will be published again and it will be the same. So as you can see, I think the material that is written should stay as it is and people can choose to read it or not. If they do and they think it's offensive, it's their fault to read it when they know it's going to offend them. And for those who don't read it, they do it because they know it's going to offend them. So it's better not to read what you don't like at the end, because then nothing gets banned, and maybe nothing else gets done in the process of being banned. So nothing should be banned, just keep it and everything will stay the same. We probably don't want our kids to read bad stuff, but they'll finish it one day, so why not finish it and read it again.
Censorship in libraries can be useful so children and young adults don't see things their parents don't want them to see. In the children's section, they have children's books. In the adult section, they have adult books. These parts are there to prevent kids from reading or seeing @MONTH1 is something their parents don't want them to see. But then again, parents can bring their kids to these sections so they can find their books without leaving their kids unattended. Taking them out of the library entirely because they are objectionable is not a good thing. It takes away some of the literature that people might enjoy reading. But it also makes those who want to censor it nervous. I'm a big reader, so I've been to the library many times, but I've never really seen any material that's bad enough that I think I need to take it out. If anything, they should create an alternate section for books, music, movies, and magazines that some people think should be there. For example, some albums that contain offensive language or themes are tagged "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3". It's easy to see these stickers so you can put them in the alternate section of your library. People who like it and want to hear it can easily go to that section and pick it out. Books always have reviews so people can tell if these are too @CAPS1. Library staff may place these books in the alternate section. Movies are always rated so staff can put anything rated @CAPS4 or above on these shelves. Now I've never seen a bad magazine in the library. I'm sure they'll never have a magazine like "@CAPS5" or "@ORGANIZATION1". In my experience, people don't need to worry about magazines. This is my solution. Make a replacement section for all objectionable material in the library instead of taking it out entirely. For someone who likes the material, this takes away a lot of literature. You can't take away classic movies like '@CAPS6' or '@CAPS7'. These films have been included in the best films list. Yes, they're rated @CAPS4, but no, that doesn't take away from the fact that they're great movies. Do not take the material out. Just create a new section for it.
There are thousands of libraries around the world. All of them are filled with many books, magazines, music, movies, etc. Available to people of all ages. Some people believe that materials in libraries should be censored, while others believe that everything should be allowed to be there. I don't think library material should be removed or censored because there will be less material and people will choose what to look at and that material will help with research. Library materials should not be censored because the library allows fewer materials. Everyone has a different opinion on what they think is appropriate or not. If one person deems a book inappropriate and removes it, the other person also has the right to remove another book they deem inappropriate. However, as everyone has a different opinion on what is appropriate and what is not, books can quickly decline. The same goes for other items in the library such as magazines, movies, etc. Another reason is that everyone can choose what they want to see in the library. A fifty-year-old man will not be as interested as a thirteen-year-old girl, so if you remove some material, you won't have as many options. If there were some options due to material being censored, there would be fewer people using the library, resulting in the library eventually closing for a lack of people using it. Finally, library materials should not be censored because every item there can help with some kind of research. High school kids can go to the library to find a book to help them research a class report, or an older woman can go to the library to find a cookbook to research something new for her next home-cooked meal. Both people need library materials to help them with their research, but if some of the library materials are removed, they may not be able to find something that can help them. Library materials should not be censored because there will be fewer materials, people will choose what to look at, and these materials will help with research. Some people think that removing items in libraries should be allowed, but I strongly disagree. Libraries around the world today have so many different materials accessible to people of all ages, that's how it should stay
In my opinion, I really don't think certain items should be removed from the library. I think it's because a lot of people have different interests in a lot of things they like to do. Personally, I never delete anything from the library because I know they have a lot of people with a lot of interest. At the same time I also understand that some items should be removed from the library as they are not suitable for children. People will get angry if we remove certain items from the library. I don't think any items should be removed from the library because many people are interested in many things. There are many ways to arrange the library in sections so that certain books or topics are in one area and others are in another. We can also make sure that no underage children can go to the adult area. If we don't remove anything from the library, we're going to have a lot of people coming. On the other hand, if we delete certain types of books, people will get angry and not come to the library. If this happens, fewer people will come. In my personal opinion, no items should be removed from the library, as many people have a lot of interest in the library's many topics. If we remove an item from the library, then we lose a certain number of people. That's why we shouldn't delete anything from the library to prevent fewer people coming to the library. Like I said, a lot of people have a lot of interest in a lot of things, and they should enjoy them in the library.
Books mean a lot to people who like to read. Books have pictures, or they @MONTH1 or even poetry collections. Some books shouldn't be on library shelves. They have offensive language and the pictures are not very good. They @MONTH1 are studying books, but little kids don't need to read them. I think books that are found offensive should be removed from the shelves. Libraries need to raise the bar on what libraries should and should not include. Books, movies, music, etc. Need to be in a certain part of the library that little kids can't go to or reach. The library is a family place, not an adult entertainment area. On @DATE1, my brother and I went to the library to pick a book for him. @CAPS2 Only six or seven. He told me he wanted to buy a book about dinosaurs, but I told him to buy a book about space and aliens. @CAPS2 loves to read a lot. He would read to our mother every night before going to bed. We were walking down @CAPS1 Street when a bolt of lightning came through the woods. "Oops!" said @CAPS2 as he ran around me. We walked into the library and the old lady at the front desk said, "There's a big storm coming." We kind of ignored her and continued picking our books for @CAPS2. @CAPS2 and I walked up the stairs to the kids area. @CAPS2 looked around and he said 'Hey Kayla, what is this, and he picked up a naughty magazine. I rushed over and snatched it from him, and he freaked out. He asked "What's that sissy?" I didn't respond. I told him to pick a book and come. He caught one and we were on our way to inspect it when the lights went out. it's dark. '@CAPS3 keep calm. a man said. The backup lights were on and we all went to the lobby area. We sat there for twenty minutes and the lights were on again. Everything is normal again, let's go and see. We went to the front and I turned in the bad magazine that @CAPS2 found. The lady asked why I brought it to her and I had to tell her the bad news that it was in the kids section. She said "oh my gosh!" @CAPS2 put his book on the counter and we checked out. We walked out the front door and on our way home.
Should public libraries censor some of the books, movies and music they display? In my opinion, they shouldn't do it. As people, we have the right to learn, read and expand our minds in any way we see fit for us. There are three main reasons why I feel that public libraries should allow "offensive" works, movies, and music. One reason they shouldn't be that people have been writing and expressing themselves throughout history. So in order to eliminate them, we have to get rid of too many fragments. The second reason is that people have different opinions about what is "offensive" and what is not. The third reason that will be detailed is that people will be exposed to whatever you are trying to hide, if not through the art of music, movies or books, then through the real world we live in. Throughout history, humans have been writing to record experiences, events, and ideas that have occurred throughout history. With these experiences comes profanity, sex, death, and a multitude of situations that the public might consider "offensive." If you try to delete these clips, one is that you will destroy a large part of history, and two is that there are too many books, movies and music clips for you to delete. In almost every art form, there are some negative reviews. If you take them out, you'll be left with very few books, if any. The second reason is that people have different views on what is and what is bad. For example, I was on a band trip with all the other band students and on the way we played a movie. We ended up having to close the movie because one parent thought it was inappropriate. While that parent didn't like it, the other parents were upset that we turned it off because they didn't think there was anything wrong with it. The same rules apply to books and music. It all depends on the individual's opinion of whether it is "offensive" or not. The third reason is that people go through all the things you're trying to hide. If you take it out of the library, people will hear it on the news, on the radio, in pubs, in schools, and pretty much anywhere. Taking the fragments out of the library is useless in the long run. For example, people want to come up with a book called "@CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1" because it uses the word "nigger" many times in the story. There are many people who feel that teaching in schools is not suitable enough. Most importantly, they want to get rid of all the books that say "niggers" and replace them with books that say "slaves." In my opinion, this would be a silly thing, as it would take away the authenticity and validity of the book. In the book, when they use the word, it's very powerful and makes you think. If you replace it with "slave", the statement or paragraph will lose its impact on the reader. In conclusion, I strongly believe that libraries should not take out "offensive" books, music or movies. If it does happen, we will delete some of our history and knowledge. That way, if we do, how do we know which books to take out, if everyone has a different idea of what is and isn't "offensive". In the end, if we do this, it won't fix anything. People in today's society are still mean, still do pornography, still use vulgar language, and still have "offensive" behavior. This is the society we live in and people are going to have to accept that. That's why I feel like we need to keep all the "offensive" articles we have so the people who read them might be ready for the real world.
Katherine Paterson once said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelves. But if I had the right to remove that book from Shelves removed - I hate this kind of work - then so does everyone else. Then we don't have books on the shelves for any of us. Catherine has a great idea of library censorship. Most book ideas and subject matter offends one person or the other. I don't think books that are offensive should be censored. Thoughts that offend one person @MONTH1 don't offend another and vice versa. On the controversial issue of abortion Pro-Life @MONTH1 believes a book about teenage abortion is offensive and goes against their beliefs. In fact, the author is just trying to convey how teenage girls feel and what happens when you experience something like that. Kathryn Katherine Paterson said it very well when she mentioned that there will be no books left on the shelves. If everyone felt there was only one book that was threatened or offended, the library would have to close because there wouldn't be any left. Books. Books on religious topics must also be censored because people of different religions. @CAPS1 @MONTH1 offends people of @CAPS2 religion, so @CAPS1 will not be able to sell. If this happens, there will be an ongoing battle .Books shouldn't be censored because an idea offends one person, @MONTH1 not the other. If books are censored, literature will collapse immediately. When authors write books, they're speaking to us. If anyone thinks they A book that is objectionable and censored, then the author of that book will be even more pissed off. Their life's work can be put into a book just because a bunch of people don't like it and it's taken off the shelf. I don't know about you, but I'd rather read a book on an interesting and potentially controversial topic than a book that doesn't seem to be going anywhere. If library censorship does happen, many authors @MONTH1 say forget about it, not even anymore Correct. It's hard to write books that please everyone. Also, the attraction to literature will seize. People won't be attracted to books that don't have quality topics that interest them. If books are censored, literature will Immediate downfall. If books are censored, the quality of learning will not be the same. Books are a tool for learning and taking away books is bad for education. Some teens including me @MONTH1 find some of the material they read - even in school in - offending or subject-sensitive. I admit that reading books in class can be a bit annoying at times, but it will help us in the future. These books are meaningful and that's why they are picked by teachers to read to students. What people hate doesn't stop someone from finding the meaning of the book. If the book is censored, the quality of learning won't be the same. A book can be objectionable, yes, but a book doesn't ruin a person's life. need to remember The important point is that taking a book off the shelf, or not playing music because of some harmful word, is like denying the creativity and compassion of the author or artist. One book is offensive to one person, @MONTH1 is not to another. If books are censored, literature will collapse immediately and the quality of learning will not be the same. For all these reasons, libraries should not be allowed to censor.
Recently, the growing problem of censorship in libraries has come to my attention. This is very unfortunate. People have a right to undisturbed knowledge, and censorship of libraries is a direct violation of that right. The library is a place of learning and should stay that way. History is full of glorious and disgraceful moments. We're not always proud of what we wanted to do or what happened, but those events are still there, whether we choose to admit it or not. To think that turning a blind eye to something unclean will make it go away is not only unrealistic, but completely ignorant of the truth. I realize there are things kids shouldn't see or hear, and I'm not suggesting we expose them to those things. I'm just saying that trying to hide them from what we consider unclean is neither correct nor a good idea. We cannot shelter our children forever, sooner or later they will learn what we wish they didn't. This is inevitable. Life doesn't try to hide its dark side from us at all, hiding it from our children only creates obstacles for them. Does the child need to be protected from something? Yes, for a while, they did, but it is every parent's role to protect their children. Protect children, but not at the expense of others. Why do some people's opinions block the opinions of others? People who want to know what people should and shouldn't see are disjointed. Those who self-righteously believe that people need protection for nature, history, or their own desires have no more rights and even less interference in individual decision-making than anyone else. People have the right to make their own choices based on their beliefs, but not to impose those opinions on others. This post @MONTH1 doesn't make any difference, but it already says what needs to be said and thus serves its purpose. After completing this task, I can do it awake.
I believe that if you hear or read something offensive, they should stay for a number of reasons. I feel like everyone should know the history of the world, which means being racist or being offended. I think if you're reading a book or listening to music and hear something that offends you, turn it off. You are not forced to listen or read it, it is your choice. Libraries should keep these materials because the people of the world should know what it feels like to be offended. I certainly don't like being offended, but it's something people go through in their lives. @MONTH1 There are people out there who may disagree with me, it's just my opinion. You @MONTH1 go to certain libraries in the world and don't let certain people in because they have an opinion on the selection of material the library provides. I once heard a lady at the library talking about how she went to the police station about someone writing on the internet something that offends her religion @CAPS1 happened to this person, but the truth is she went to the police station. She could have handled the situation herself, just comforting the person. I feel like the moment she starts reading, she should turn around and leave the site. She decided to keep reading it. I don't understand why she would call the police if it's just that person's opinion. Libraries should keep this material because maybe someone wants to know what it means to be offensive or offensive. Libraries should not hide this topic from anyone. People are offended because they were raised that way or were born that way. Some people just need to deal with these people. They may not like it, or @MONTH1 did something to them in that lifetime, but they have to live with them. Finally, libraries should keep certain materials out, even if they are offensive, whether they want to or not. Libraries shouldn't just change the way there for some people who don't like the material. There are many people in the world who want to know more about this topic. These people shouldn't be stopped by people who don't like the topic. it's just a part of life
Should certain materials, such as books, magazines, movies, etc., be removed from library shelves if @MONTH1 offends others? There are many possible answers to this question, but I believe that if someone doesn't like a book or find it offensive, they shouldn't have the right to remove it. I believe he/she shouldn't take it off the shelf because if that person finds it objectionable, others won't find it objectionable. For example, @PERSON1 might want to read a book about abortion, but @CAPS1 objected and was offended by the book or topic. If that book gets taken down, it restricts others, like @PERSON1, who want to learn or read about that particular topic. Another reason I don't think certain books, magazines, music or movies should be taken off the shelves is that if one book offends some people, another book @MONTH1 offends others. So, if someone finds some books offensive and is taken away; there will be a small number of books available for other students to read. Although some of @MONTH1's books offend people, I don't think this book or magazine should be removed from the library or shelf. I believe that if someone doesn't like a book, magazine, movie, music, etc. then that person should not have the right to take that book or any other material. They shouldn't be taken because other people may want to read that book, and secondly, this leaves fewer books for others to read and learn about.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I disagree with the removal of material from the library. Personally I don't think it's the library's fault if someone is offended by a book, movie, music or magazine etc. If they don't like the book or movie, it's their fault for picking it in the first place. Children under the age of thirteen should not watch movies that are not suitable for them, they should not watch bad movies or horror movies at such a young age. I want the library to think about it; because it's not fair to adults or older kids. Funny movies entertain kids every day; some kids even reference movies to make other kids laugh. I know the fact that we teens watch funny movies to make our tough day a better one, or at least that's what I do. There are some movies that are so funny that I can quote any of them. On the other hand, music is very important for today's teenagers. It's always a pleasure for me. I love music without it and I'm not quite sure where in the world I would be. I like a lot of different types of music, mostly fun. I'm not a big fan of rock and you won't see me picking it up from the library. We teenagers love music, and we use music for almost everything. We dance for it, sing for it, exercise for it, and most of all just enjoy it. Books are always important, and even though I don't like to read them often, I still enjoy reading books that interest me. For example, you won't see me reading a scary book because it just reminds me of the movie and I'll have nightmares. The books I am most interested in are novels. Two of my favorite books are A @CAPS1 To @CAPS2 and The @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Both books are by the author @PERSON1. I love all his books but these are the best. Please reconsider your decision to get rid of bad music, books and movies. @CAPS2 It's not the library's fault, it's the person who borrowed the book. If they don't like it, they shouldn't have brought it home in the first place. I say we just go with the flow and make people happy
There are many books that are not suitable for children or teens, but they can still look up books in the library. They can take them home, read them, and discover things that shouldn't be discovered at their age. The kids checked out movies rated @NUM1, movies rated @CAPS1, and unedited @CAPS2, and they learned a lot of bad things or words that shouldn't be used at their age. These libraries should make sure your @NUM2 is old before you check out a movie rated @CAPS1. Also, you must be of a certain age to purchase @CAPS2 and games for older teens. You must be of a certain age to view or buy a movie or anything with vulgar language. Children today are not as mature as they used to be. Things are very different today. My point is that teens have to be a certain age to rent or buy bad stuff, but I've read some books that aren't great for my age either. I guess that's how mature you are and ready for vulgar stuff. It should be your parents' decision to see if you are ready. My final conclusion is that it depends on how mature you are and how ready you are. Stores and libraries should set book and age restrictions. Although some people will not agree. Teenage and age privileges should have boundaries, they should respect them, don't do it
Many people act on their own perspectives. Due to their beliefs, @MONTH1 seems plausible to them and may cause uproar in others. An example: media censorship. It happens every day, everywhere. Someone can take it upon themselves, in their minds, to "make this piece more suitable for @CAPS8 to watch". But in reality, they are really disrupting everyone else's media experience, and even violating our constitutional rights: @CAPS1 of @CAPS2. First, the books in the library. Every time I go to the library to pick up some books, there is always a book marked "Bad". Some people found these words offensive and decided that they should not be seen or read by anyone. For me, this is annoying. I don't always like these words either, but marking them out distracts the page and, for me, destroys the author's voice and writing style, and thus damages what I'm taking from the book. Some of the marked words are not always offensive. In short, if you find this book offensive, don't read it. Other @MONTH1 love it, whether they share your opinion or @CAPS7. People also took the liberty of pulling entire pieces of media off the shelves just because they found it offensive. If everyone deleted things they didn't like, or found offensive, there would be nothing in the world for anyone to enjoy. We as citizens of @LOCATION1 have the right to make our own choices and our choices should @CAPS7 be limited by certain personal opinions. This means that if I want to read or view something, I should be able to use it, so I @MONTH1 learn and expand my perspective, even if it makes other people uncomfortable. With nearly every controversial form of media, there's a shout-out to producers that this piece shouldn't have been made. Incorrect. Producers and authors can publish whatever they want. It's called @CAPS1 for @CAPS2, and it's the right of @CAPS5 citizens under @CAPS6. Obviously, if something like this is being made, people will read it. Neat. You might @CAPS7, but maybe a neighbor, or even a relative, @MONTH1 @CAPS7 will be offended by it and might read it. supply and demand. If everyone finds it offensive, no one will buy it or read it, and as a result, it will no longer be produced. You will get your way. but not. Some people did read it and made it. Again, if you don't like it, don't read it. People should @CAPS7 self-censor what others can, can't, see or read. If anyone wants to read a story with a "bad word", so be it. Others should @CAPS7 ruin the experience by tokenizing words. @CAPS7 is just being rude and ruining the reader's experience, but it's also ruining someone else's property. If anyone wants to see something against a certain religion, so be it. They have rights and no one can take away their rights right away. In my opinion, censorship of libraries, whether government or other civilians, should allow @CAPS7. We citizens have the right to make our own choices and @CAPS8 should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want in the @CAPS8 library. Choice is one of the principles of the Constitution and should be protected, @CAPS7 limited
Many libraries contain books, movies, music, and magazines that can be considered objectionable. However, all of these libraries have some reason to have these books. Whether these reasons are for education or entertainment, libraries have their reasons. Therefore, libraries that do have "offensive" books should be allowed to keep them because they won't offend everyone and they may be beneficial to readers. These books that are thought to offend some @MONTH1 don't offend others. For example, @PERSON2 from @CAPS1 walks into the library and finds a book about @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and she reads that @CAPS1 is full of slave abusers. @PERSON2 was offended by @CAPS5. And then @CAPS5 @PERSON3 who's @CAPS6 @CAPS7 pick up the same book and read all about @CAPS1 and how they treat slaves. @CAPS5 @PERSON3 thinks the same book that @PERSON2 hates is a good book. As the example shows, @LOCATION2's people are very diverse, but with that diversity comes a lot of dissent among its citizens. The library doesn't want to appeal to just one race, it wants to appeal to everyone, and the only way to do it is to accidentally offend a few people in the process. Citizens of @LOCATION1 need to be more aware that their race is not the only race here. If a book offends a person, that person shouldn't read it at all. However, many of these books that @MONTH1 find objectionable may also benefit their readers. Some of these books may be helpful to those who choose to read it. Going back to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 reference, @PERSON2 is reading her @LOCATION3 @CAPS11 textbook, she read about the horrible behavior @CAPS1 did to their slaves and the fact that they lost @CAPS3 to @ORGANIZATION1 because of their own One side loses and gets angry. And then @CAPS5 @PERSON4 was in the same class as @PERSON2, reading his history textbook and getting more and more excited. He found that kids all over the country were learning about what happened to his ancestors, and @ORGANIZATION1 beat @CAPS1. @PERSON3 couldn't be happier with this book, and @PERSON2 couldn't be happier. How will students across the country learn @CAPS2 @CAPS3 if this book is thrown out of the library? They won't. Libraries can't throw them away just because they offend someone. As Katherine Paterson said, if we all pick out a bunch of books that offend us and throw them away, then we don't have any books to read because other countries will be drawn to those that attract a person Book offended, blah blah blah. So libraries need to keep the books they have and get more books. This country needs as many books as possible because they are all very helpful to the people they attract. We just need to remember that not all books appeal to us and don't be offended by the ones we don't like.
In my opinion, library censorship is overrated. Everywhere you hear that books, music, magazines and movies are offensive or degrading, does that mean they should be removed from our public libraries or bookstores? I say no because posterity needs to know the material, @MONTH1 is not always objectionable, and public libraries have no right to tell us what to read and what not to read. It has been said that our descendants will be greatly lacking in knowledge, or will become naive because of lack of knowledge. I say it's because of library censorship. Katherine Paterson once said: All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children dont take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf That book - I hate this kind of work - then you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. And then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use. So if they feel they are annoying Take books off the shelves in disgust, then a lot of books will disappear and kids won't be lucky enough to have a wider perspective than so many today. Everyone has a different opinion on everything, including what's offensive, What not. If one person finds a book objectionable, that doesn't necessarily mean the same for everyone else. I've heard teachers don't let students see @CAPS1's photo because they think it's offensive. Not everyone All agree on this. @CAPS1 is a big part of history, it's wrong to be classified as offensive, it's not the only bad thing in history. If they start taking most of history, it will be Long forgetting and forgetting. In the end, I don't think libraries should be able to tell us what to read and what not to read. We have the right to choose what we want to read, and if we think it's bad and shouldn't read it, then we don't will read it. But that doesn't mean they should come up with the book because some people find it offensive. Others might want to read it. I think people are mature enough to choose what they read, and as for kids, Their parents can pick and choose for them. With so many different opinions it's hard to decide how to handle censorship, I believe if it's objectionable maybe they should have a dedicated section for explicit media and reading. Maybe then people Don't be offended by it. One person doesn't like it doesn't mean the other doesn't either.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, my name is @PERSON1 and I think everyone is entitled to their opinion. The folks at @MONTH1 don't want kids there to see certain things, but if kids can't find them, they need to keep them. The children of the world hear bad language, see fights, and even see people being shot. There are far more bad things in life than movies, books and music that kids listen to, watch or read. I think the world is sometimes more harmful than anything. Adults in @MONTH1 want their kids to grow up differently than everyone else, so they need to tell them not to listen and watch bad things on TV. But if there are kids who want to understand what's going on, it's not the best, then people should let them know. It's not right if people, movies or things have to change just because other people don't like it. Why other people should change for someone they don't like. Some materials are not good, but only eight years old can buy them. That's why people should be comfortable with things that don't involve minors. Censoring things can ruin a lot of things, and the fact that it was made that way, it should stay that way. I'm sure many @MONTH1 disagree with my report, however, it's worth a look and thought. People wouldn't do what they do if they should be censored. This makes a lot of things moot. So my answer is no, just take the uncensored stuff. Keep them so that people can understand life the easy way and the hard way. Sincerely, @PERSON1
I believe that as a citizen of the city and an avid library lover, a library review is necessary. Some of the material in the @DATE1 library is very visual and sometimes offensive. Do we really want our kids to see half-naked people or murder innocent people just because of their skin color? There are many books and movies representing racism in @DATE1's library. Take the movie "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @PERSON1" for example. In the movie, white kids are scolded for playing with @CAPS3-@CAPS4 kids. This is a good example of why censorship is necessary. Just imagine how offensive your kids would be if they saw this and went and said something rude to one of their friends (@CAPS3-@CAPS4). While the film is about a historical event, it still needs to be taken off the shelves in @CAPS1's opinion. Nudity is becoming a big issue in movies and books in @DATE1's society. You @MONTH1 think it's okay for your kids to watch a movie rated @NUM1, but little did you know, there's nudity in it. Depending on your child's age, and whether you let them use a computer, they might think it's okay to look up nude photos on the internet. Also, in books, this is becoming a problem. Just the other day, I sat down and read a book about a musical I wanted to see with nude photos in it. After finding it, I asked @CAPS1 mom to get it back. These are the things that need to be taken off the shelves in our library. Language use in music is also important. Many rap artists think it's okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music. I don't think they take into account that younger kids will listen to their music. This type of music needs to be taken off the shelves. You @MONTH1 think your kids can listen to it now, but wait until these words make it into their vocabulary. I think library censorship is a big deal and needs to be considered in depth. @MONTH1 will be different at first, especially when you go to grab your favorite rap tape or your favorite @NUM1 movie, but in the long run, trust me, you'll thank the library for taking it off the shelves . Especially when you are older and have children. You don't want them listening, reading or watching things you watched as a child
I'm writing this article today to talk about censorship of books, movies, music, and more. I think there should be something that only children can see. If you walk into a store or a video store, kids are exposed to a lot of different things. They see things and seeing them makes them think that kind of thing is @CAPS1. I believe there should be a very limited selection that kids can see. Inappropriate things should not be visible to children. I think the bad stuff should be taken away from myself and put somewhere else. Music on the radio is also censored, yes, but that doesn't mean people don't know what those words are. Some people are offended by certain words and they are still on the radio, @CAPS2, in the books. They are everywhere. If people would pay attention to what they put in, things would be completely different. It makes people especially kids believe that something is @CAPS1 when it's not. We should have very strict rules about things like this so that we don't show people anything inappropriate and make them believe it's all @CAPS1. There is now such a rule, but that doesn't mean underage kids can still see this stuff. That's why I believe there is so much violence now because kids are playing video games like @CAPS5 or @CAPS6 and when they see shooting and stuff they think it's @CAPS1 and they grow up believing that. I'm writing this today to ask about the article in the paper about stricter regulations for this sort of thing, maybe it will start to reduce violence etc.
How would you like to read or hear something that disrespects you, like "@CAPS1 you said @CAPS2 to me"? Do you want to put something like this in your library? I will, I think anything that is hurtful or harmful or offensive should be open to the public because it's a great way and an opportunity to learn. Books, magazines and music about slavery are things I think we need to read as human beings, things we must have. Sure, it can hurt, depress, or even irritate some people, but it can also teach you about the past. For people of any race, it's a way to feel the pain and struggles of those in front of us. Despite the pain or annoyance, this is a way of learning that I welcome in the library. I think knowledge about suicide should be provided. Because some of our friends and family members either committed suicide or attempted suicide without knowing how to prevent it. Books on the subject will help those with lifelong suicidal thoughts. Reading about a past struggle or facts about it can give them tips or ideas on how to avoid suicide. I think we need literature on this because I feel enlightenment on the subject is the only way you can avoid it. In conclusion, I think all types of literature should be accepted and released to the public. I think this is because literature in all its forms provides a great opportunity for learning. I believe that the struggles you have faced or will face in your life can only be avoided or overcome by reading the literature on past situations and struggles
Why books or other similar ideas, but let's get back to the topic. Whether certain books should be read aloud in the library. Because if you don't have certain books, you're going to have to read the same book over and over again. But there are all kinds of books, you can choose you have history, poetry, drama, love, scary. But some places don't fit some places. Some music is ok, but some I don't approve of. Like the bunch of guys out there rapping it. People are there to think about life. What they want to express through rape. There's rock and roll a lot of people don't care about it. When it came out late in @NUM1, but over time people started listening to it. But a lot of people don't want their kids to listen. At the time they said it was devil music. But in this day and age, many people still listen to rock music. Because they grew up with that kind of music. Movies There are many different movies. There are @NUM2 and rating @CAPS1 but many parents don't let their kids there. Watch certain movies because they scare the kids there. They are so ugly and vulgar that some people can't stand it. But there are kid-friendly shows out there, like movies, but a little shorter. Magazines are just new things that people are trying. But most seniors read magazines because they have a lot of time. But some people can't read magazines. Because they want to buy everything in the book. It looks attractive. But there are all kinds of different magazines mucle, food, cleaning, toys. But that's my take on this. It sucks something, but some can't get out. When they went out, they were broke
If we're going to take everything in the world that someone finds offensive, there's nothing left. Many people in different cultures find many different things offensive. It's not right to take someone else's stuff because there's a group of people that will offend it. Objectionable stuff isn't always a bad thing. There are many different reasons, but it's not right to delete something because of someone else's opinion. First, whether you find something offensive or not depends a lot on your culture. For most @CAPS1 cultures, reducing food is objectionable. For @CAPS2 it's a shame to eat or hurt a cow anyway. If something offends a person, it's because they have different backgrounds, @MONTH1. You will never please everyone. Second, one of the best things about @LOCATION1 is that you can have your own beliefs. I get upset if something is taken off a library shelf because someone finds it objectionable. I have my own beliefs and I'm sure not everyone agrees. Some of my beliefs will offend some people. That doesn't mean I should keep silent about my beliefs, does it? No, of course not. I don't want anyone's beliefs to be imposed on me. I'm sure no one wants my beliefs imposed on them. Take something off the shelf because it offends it, and you take free speech off the shelf as well. This is not only wrong, but illegal. Some people will be offended by a book with a cross on it. Some people will be offended by the @CAPS3 cover with a pentagram. That doesn't mean they should be taken away. It's good to be offended sometimes. It often makes people stick to what they believe. For me, it reminds me why I believe in what I do. I @MONTH1 are outraged by what I've seen. I'm sure the terrorist group @ORGANIZATION1 will be very pissed when they see the @CAPS4 logo. We're not going to stop waving it, are we? That's ridiculous! Just because someone is offended by something doesn't make a mistake. It never has. It just means they have different beliefs. Instead of asking for it to be removed, we should maturely look away. I personally think it would be wrong to remove them from the public eye just because they are offensive, for a number of reasons. So many people find so many things offensive. If we remove eac and every one, it will take everything. Removing objectionable items would also violate free speech. Plus, many objectionable things are often reminiscent of who we are. We should have enough energy to look away and not fight about it. I don't think they should be removed. I want my library to be what @CAPS5 looks like, blending cultures and contexts. I don't think anything should be deleted unless it directly causes harm to people
One day at school, all of our teachers told the class that most of the books in the library were going off the shelves. But our class doesn't want that to happen. All the teachers told us that some parents have been complaining about what their children are reading. I appreciate that most of the books in the library are for kids because that's what they love and they love to learn about what they want to have or do one day. I also appreciate that it's a good thing kids want to know what they want to do later. Later in life, when I have kids, I want them to dream about what they want to do with their lives. So if it means they want to go to school and read magazines all day and make sure that's what he wants to do, that's fine with me. So if teachers want these books off the shelves, they can, but I don't think kids will try too much if they can't be who they want to be later in life. I know if they do this to my kids, I know I'll buy them all the magazines they want so they can get an idea of what they want to do in life. So if they took all the books off the shelf, I know all the parents of kids would be pissed because it would disrupt their kids' dreams. Knowing when kids go to what school pulls all the good books off the shelves, and no kid will ever know what they want to do in the future. A good thing is for students to vote to see how books are taken off the shelf. I bet most students in this world would say put them on the shelf because they love reading and looking at pictures. It means they want to be something when they grow up. I want my kid to grow up doing what he loves to do. I will do everything I can to help any child achieve their dreams. Two things will happen. One is that schools are going to take books off the shelves, and students aren't trying it out at school, and they may not know what they want to be. Or they might just drop it all. I know that know what to expect. The second thing is that schools will put books on the shelves and students will want to read them more. They will also know what they want to do later in life. If I could choose what to do, I would put books on the shelf to keep the kids happy
Everyone has their own opinion on library review. I don't think the things the library chooses to list should be censored. Everyone has different tastes in what they read, hear, see and see. In this generation, everyone has their own opinion on censorship. I disagree with censorship because not everyone likes the same things, has the same ideas, has the same lifestyle, wants to learn the same things. Everyone is an individual and different in their own way. If libraries want to censor the content they publish, not everyone can read, listen and watch what they want. Having the library censor things makes people feel left out. For example, what would action lovers do if the library only had romantic stuff? Libraries are for anyone who goes to a library. A certain type of person doesn't go to the library. Everyone grows up in a different way of life. Children do not choose their parents. Some parents censor what their children read and watch, and some don't. Children whose parents do not review what they choose to get at the library may have different interests. Not everyone likes the same things. During most of the school day, everyone learns the basic information they need. There is a lot to learn outside of school. People can go to the library and learn about different things they want to know. What people choose to study in their free time can range from drugs and sex to @CAPS1. If libraries censor what people can read, watch, and listen to, not everyone will learn the extra information they want. Libraries cannot censor their materials! I disagree with libraries reviewing the material they choose to release to the public. People are different and that's okay. If libraries choose to censor things, not everyone will have an equal chance. Parents can review what their children read if they want. Not every parent chooses to review what their kids get at the library. So children have different interests. Humans don't always want to learn the same things. Libraries choosing to censor the content they publish does not give everyone an equal opportunity to learn. Please let people be who they want to be! Do not censor library-published content, such as books, music, movies, and magazines
I believe it is wrong to remove books from library shelves, even if they are found offensive. I have three reasons to support this claim. These reasons are knowledge, different parts of the library and freedom. I'll explain these reasons below, but before I start, I'd like to add that most people want to review what they're afraid of. If a book is removed from the shelf because someone finds it objectionable, the next person who comes looking for it won't be able to access it. How is this fair? There are many things in life that can offend people, but this is life and you have to learn to let it go . Everyone has the right to form their own opinions and opinions on things, but they cannot without reading the opinions of others. At any age, reading expands our vocabulary. Just because you don't like something doesn't mean other people can't like it either. You have to give them a chance to form an opinion. Libraries are everywhere. If you are concerned that your child will find books you don't want them to see, take them to a library that has a section. All libraries are broken down by section. Leave your child in the "Kids" section, there shouldn't be any problems with this area. Once your kids are older, let them hang out in the library and form an opinion on what types of books they like best. We live in @LOCATION1, which has been about freedom since its inception. Some people don't have the money to buy books or go online, so these people rely on public libraries. If they look for books and can't find a topic they're interested in, they won't read. They might even be looking for a specific book but can't find it because it's gone. There are also religious conflicts. @CAPS1 There are many different versions, but many different religions. People come from different backgrounds, so if they don't believe @CAPS1, are we going to take it off the list too? Finally, I would like to add that I can also understand why people would want to censor certain things. However, most of the things people don't like to see are the things they're afraid of. These people cannot escape the reality that not everything is beautiful in the world, so let's not pretend that everything is perfect and do what we can to contribute to the health of society. What better way than to let everyone read as much as they want
Cooling @CAPS1: @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 Censorship from books @PERSON1 _________ public library would be an insult to the institution. The library, the bastion of knowledge, should not be bound by a society to what knowledge it can convey. As a destination for researchers, one point of the library is to provide the information that must be sought: for those who are fearless when they cannot find information at home, and for those who cannot ask questions without retribution, Libraries are their backbone. Safety. Books cannot be judged. To censor books in libraries is to undermine human progress. Freedom of thought and freedom of the press, existing in our country and growing around @CAPS5, precludes this idea of censorship. If any one book is criticized or opposed, aren't all books worth it? To value one point of view or point of view less than another is to devalue the entire culture on which the library is based. The library is a public institution, open to all opinions and writings. The purpose of having books under one roof is to equate them and give them the same status as literary or scholarly works. From personal experience, library censorship wasted my precious time and stole a part of my life. Growing up in a small town where gender and sexuality are somewhat fixed, any effort to find a different opinion is often in vain. When I visited the school library, when I was a kid, I was looking for answers about my sexuality and I found almost no help. There are a thousand stories of love between a man and a woman around the library, but I have never found a fairy tale of two princes. It wasn't until I left school that I found out that books like this did exist in my old school library, but kept being removed, off shelves, and restricted. More insulting than finding books with totally unrepresented @CAPS4 issues to find them treated so separately. That's the problem. Some people believe that if the opinions or values of a minority are not represented, they will disappear. That's what the review is all about: ignoring a problem or a life choice to the point of extinction. But books cannot call out their value. They can't shove information down our throats. Books must be read, and we must agree with their knowledge. Unlike advertisements that may unknowingly pull us in, we have to pick up a book and open it to get its guidance. My growth would have been a lot easier if my library had done its job and gave me the guidance I was looking for. Not only will I learn how to express and accept myself, but I may become more receptive to others. Over the past few years, as the influence of @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 reaches its latest generation, @LOCATION1 has been looking for ways to honor the victims of @CAPS8 and @CAPS9 violence. However, the country has found that it cannot effectively commemorate these tragedies. In trying to build a monument, the government and culture found they had nothing to build. The product of murder and book burning leads to emptiness, emptiness. So the architects created what @MONTH1 calls an "anti-monument" to honor the void of future generations, to honor what was lost. For me at least, the most powerful one comes in the form of a negative bookshelf: a solid wall with large holes in the form of spines that span the rows. This is the knowledge lost by burning books. We can't even describe what's lost because knowledge is gone. We have to ask, what are we missing? What point of view, what prose, what beauty is taken from us as we go on living without ever having a chance to glimpse it? This is the effect of library censorship. To remove a book from its natural and rightful place on the shelf is to ignite its words. Once gone, it will be forgotten. In order to protect our children and grandchildren, in order to enlighten our children and grandchildren, we must strive to protect all books, any books that look offensive, disgusting, brave or new. Let the reader decide what it's worth. Let the person looking for the answer pick it up or leave it behind. Give this book a chance @MONTH1 has an unrealized power. Let the library remain as it is, as a monument to the preservation and development of knowledge and wisdom.
Have you ever wondered how libraries select books? Well, I know I have. There is some material out there that no one wants a small child to master. I think libraries should allow censorship, because censorship of books is essential for the children of the world to live a life free of books about violence, and another reason is that it affects not only children's lives, but children's social lives for everyone, And the overrated music of our generation. My reasons for this can be seen in two different ways, but I want to look at it my way. Looking around, they were surrounded by their little children. Well, if anything, I'll see what they're reading or doing. Children may be reading books that are too specific for their age. For example, a six-year-old can do whatever he wants. They have no limits. So, one day the kid decided I was going to the library to borrow a book. Children get a book about violence and sex. What will the parents do when that kid brings home that book? there is nothing. Parents do nothing because they don't care about their children. Librarians, now is the time to get started. Take a stand and review those books. If there are books that can be harmful to anyone who picks them up, this is what can happen to anyone's child. Children are not the only ones harmed by the deadly disease known as uncensored books. Think about conversations that take place at school and in the workplace. What is the conversation mainly about? I would venture a guess that they are mostly about sex and violence. How did these conversations come about? Well, the only reason is the uncensored books in the library. Anyone can borrow books from the library. It could be old people all the way to toddlers. When I was a kid, my parents used to tell me to go to the library to learn something. What would I read if the library didn't censor books? Social life is greatly influenced by what they learn and how they learn the material. Finally, why every time I turn on the radio, there is always a song that is not suitable for anyone to listen to. I sometimes listen to the @NUM1 radio station, all the music is mostly about violence. Guess which CDs the library has of these artists on this radio station. In the library, there is a music section, a movie section, and finally books. All of these materials combined could be a social disaster if not reviewed. I believe censored music is the best option because our world wouldn't be addicted to violence if they never read or learned about it. Why do we still put up with uncensored books in the library? Take the opportunity to fight for your beliefs and vote for reviewed books. The library is a place to sit and enjoy the surroundings. It's not a violent place, so drop it and go to a safer environment. No one deserves the destructive violence of uncensored books and music
'@CAPS1', woman screaming in horror as she was stabbed in the back violently, sharply and quickly by her abusive husband. This is the kind of violence kids read about @CAPS2. It's not enough to think that all the inappropriate stuff kids see around @CAPS2 on TV, on the internet, and even when their classmates talk about it, you'd be wrong. Some of the things you read and hear in the book are totally unacceptable. That's why books and magazines need to be reviewed in libraries around @CAPS2. In our community library at @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, we have magazines, which are very visual in this case. Kids will read these in any learning or fun book. Many children draw disrespectful things on them. Thinking that wasn't ignorant enough, they also ripped them in half and did many other dismantling things to them. I think one of the reasons @CAPS2 has so much trouble with criminals is that kids now feel like they're allowed to draw books and rip them in half even though they're not their property. This makes them think they can do whatever they want. Crazy stuff that kids read doesn't necessarily teach you anything. Unless you want to learn about the zombie apocalypse and zombie takeover @CAPS2. What is there to teach kids in the school public library? Absolutely not, but teaching them to take them home and read a dirty word in a book to a little brother or a little sister is teaching them bad things. These are some valid points for censoring or taking out some idle books in the library, or maybe censoring some curse words. The last point I will touch on in this discussion is the monetary loss some schools have suffered from damaged books and stolen property. Also mention all the dirty pictures kids draw in magazines and books. Just to get to that point, schools lose a lot of money. If they don't keep these books out of the classroom or school library, they'll save a lot of money. Kid's won't be able to attract them or steal them, or even damage them and all the money they can save and spend on learning fulfilling things. If you check out the books and magazines around @CAPS2 at the library, you can expect kids who are doing well around @CAPS2. How can kids damage or steal or even attract them if you don't let them be taken out of the library. Let the kids around @CAPS2 know they need to show some respect by not allowing them to do whatever they want and showing some authority. With all the money the library and school save, they can use it to learn something fulfilling. It would be greatly appreciated if you could put the information I gave you into consideration
I believe libraries should have a little censorship. Some books can be a little offensive and cause some problems, but I also believe that even if a book is insulting you should not hide it from others. Some books have some really nasty stuff in them that you can find in libraries. Since the library is public, many people go in to pick up books. What stops a kid from reading these books, or the movies you can find in the library? Do you really want your kids to check out things with violence, scary language, and sexual innuendo? What can you do about this problem? You could censor these books and hide them, but that would cause another problem. The idea of censorship might sound good, but it's actually not the right thing to do. It's a bit too much to hide things from the public just because it might contain something bad. If you're an adult and in the mood to read something with a little violence, you're going to have to go somewhere else because someone just took that book because it had some swear words they didn't fit in the book. Censorship only makes it harder for adults to find the books they want to read. So what would you do if there was an objectionable book on the shelf? Do you leave it there, or do you take it away so others can't see it? You can age-restrict books. If minors want to read the book, they must get permission from their parents. This way the book stays on the shelf and anyone can read it
People judge things differently. That's why I think libraries should keep these kinds of books. @MONTH1 What is an offensive book to one person may not be to another. If someone says certain books are objectionable, they should take them out of the library. You shouldn't take a book out because some people think it's offensive. One person @MONTH1 may offend another person's interest. People who don't think so should have the right to read this book. That would take away people's rights because people find it offensive. The person may find this book useful because they want to learn more about the subject. If they take the book out because a person finds it offensive or doesn't like it, they will never understand it. I personally enjoy watching exciting movies or reading books, there is some violence in @MONTH1. It would be wrong for the library to take these books or movies away because a mother saw her son or daughter read or watch. My mother would take things I liked to read and watch. That's not fair at all. One way to get around this is to have specific areas for each age group; therefore, they watch or read the types of things that are appropriate for their age group. I understand the fact that some people will offend others. Also, they don't want their kids to pick up books or movies that are not acceptable for their age group. They have to understand that sometimes people like these types of things and they are taking it from people who like them. It's like disenfranchising people because they don't agree with what's going on. It's not right to take those books out of the library. Everyone has a different view of things. If a person doesn't like something, you can't change it. People have the right to pick up a book whether they want to or not. Not everyone is the same, so not everyone thinks the same way. I like what some people may not like, that's human nature
Over time, libraries have been used as an important resource when doing reports, researching, renting movies, and trying to find new readings. They have been used as gateways to a wide-ranging world of reading and learning. All libraries should have the right to put their favorite content on their shelves. No book, music, movie, magazine, etc. should be denied a place on the shelf because of its content. Sex, drugs, violence. There are many books on these topics that many @MONTH1 find offensive or completely forget about. Everyone thinks differently when it comes to what they like to read, watch or listen to. No mind is the same, so no mind would like the exact same thing. When someone wants to buy a book about safe sex, they shouldn't be turned away because the library doesn't allow it. It should be placed in a different part of the library. People find that many books are clear for them, @MONTH1 is not for others. When I was in middle school, I heard a lot about sex and drugs. I never knew what that was like or how it felt. All I know is that I can get accessible information from my local library. What happens when a child wants to know more than she wants to know? She looked, studied it. If I was denied reading about sex or drugs, I might never have been warned about the severity of the outcome or both. When you walk into the library and observe. Not everyone is reading a book about rainbows and unicorns. Many people read books about real life, books they can relate to. Many books that many people read are what others call explicit books. The purpose of a library is to provide access to books, magazines, music, and movies of all kinds without concern for others. Also, a library can do a lot so that some content @MONTH1 doesn't get close to other content. There they can organize themes and genres. Definite, or eighteen or earlier books, movies, magazines or music @MONTH1 are placed in the back room, or just on the other side of the library. Keep out of reach of children and children. In conclusion, I am a firm believer in the idea that I strongly support that books, magazines, music or movies should not be removed if found offensive, because every book has the right to be on the shelves anyway. No book should be removed because someone @MONTH1 found it offensive. If a person finds something objectionable they should raise it with the author or publisher not the library as they only let people borrow the content
Censorship is a topic it strongly advocates. If a person does not like the content of the text, that person may find themselves saying that they must have the right to prevent the text from being viewed in a library, public place, or online resource. But what about others? Shouldn't they have a voice too? Suppose "person one" is inconsistent with the language in the text, but "person second" might. Who benefits from @CAPS1 situation? Freedom of speech and freedom of expression are two factors that our society takes very seriously, and sometimes overlooks. In the case of @CAPS1, both the "first person" and the "second person" have the right to say and think about how they feel about the text. Does Renyi still have the right to say @CAPS1 text doesn't belong in a public place? Well, if everyone has the right to remove from the public what they disagree with, nothing will be left. In such a large and diverse society, there is bound to be at least one person who disagrees with the content of a certain material in every lyrics, magazine, book, and text. Some might say that @CAPS1 is unfair to the group of people who disagree with the content of the material. But is this fair to other groups that actually agree with the material? Freedom of speech and expression is still not excluded from groups that disagree with such material. The group is still allowed to express their opinion and accept that particular material, as well as those who agree with it. Take iTunes as an example. If there is a song whose language and/or content could be seen as disrespectful to someone, the red label for that song reads: 'explecit'. @CAPS1 is a hint, to someone who might find foul language offensive, that this person shouldn't buy that song. And compromise. Many times, if a song is marked as "explicit", it is usually a substitute for the same song. The same song was then marked with a grey label that read: "Clean". A "clean" song simply means that the song is still the same, but content deemed disrespectful is removed, or removed and replaced with different words that are not considered disrespectful. Both parties are now content with what they call: happy-median. Take movies for example. Movies are rated according to their content. The higher the ratings, the clearer the movie is. In addition to the ratings, there's an explanation for why the movie is rated the way it is. If you're someone who carefully looks at things that go against your own opinions and beliefs, then by looking at ratings and explanations, such people know that @CAPS1 material isn't for them. Again, the happy median. For each given situation of a group of people who disagree with the terms of a particular content, an alternate group must also be considered. Both parties in the @CAPS1 case can still speak and express their opinions. So, should the @CAPS1 context be removed from the public eye because some people disagree with what's in it? Can not. However, each person's views and opinions about such material must be kept in mind, and that person's views of such material should still be respected
Have you ever gotten or checked a book or something that was racist to you or thought it should be censored? I haven't, but I read a book before that had a lot of racism and sex in it. I'm not racist, but some people are very racist. Certain books in the library are not suitable for certain audiences but can be viewed again, and some books, movies, magazings and others should be considered for removal so that some audiences cannot read them. In the library, some books have a lot of racism. Some of the racism in the book gets so bad that it might interest younger audiences and pique them down that path later in life. If you think about it, this can be pretty bad. He can convince his friends to be like him. Convince them to be racist against other people. No mother or father wants their child to be racist, but some families are. I don't understand because we are all the same to me. In some of the books in the library, there are some topics of sex that go along with it. At times, the topic of sex can get very detailed, which is not suitable for younger audiences who may have the idea of trying it with people of different ages. It's okay if you're older, but if you're really young and read a book about sex talk. That's wrong, because young children shouldn't be introduced to that kind of life later in life. Some parents don't like their kids reading that kind of book. I know I won't let my kids read books like that. Music is something everyone loves to listen to, whether it's rap, country or blues. Some people like a certain kind of music. Some people think rap music is offensive and should be taken off the shelves. Rap music is based on their past and their lives. It does have a bit of racism in it, like the bad things some rappers say is not appropriate for a younger audience. While some of the racism and censorship that should be censored has hit the shelves, I think it should be in a separate room so only older adults can view or buy it, rather than letting younger kids get hold of it. I think books should contain racism because it shows how much we have changed from the past
New @CAPS1 in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Have you ever seen a movie or read a book you don't want your kids/family to read? I know I have and sometimes can't stop them from watching or reading these books/movies. I don't necessarily think offensive books should be removed, but I think they should be relocated to a different part of @CAPS3. @CAPS1 of @CAPS3 can only be entered by an adult, or with the permission of an adult. Little kids see what their peers are doing and want to be like them, so they do the same. What the kids don't realize is that most of it is fake and what happens in the movie isn't real. By separating @CAPS1 from @CAPS3, it gives parents the opportunity to keep their kids safe from racists, drugs/gangs, and murder books. It's good for every game too! If an African American family doesn't want their children to read books about slavery or gangs, they can keep them away from books about slavery and gangs @CAPS1. Some books are really emotional and can trigger a person's emotions. If someone is going through a really hard time and they read a book about suicide, they are more likely to consider suicide. I think it helps a lot by separating the low-impact books from the high-impact books. No one under the age of @NUM1 may appear in @CAPS1 in @CAPS3 without a parent or parent's signature. So vote on @DATE1 to the @CAPS2 committee for @CAPS3's new @CAPS1! thank you for your time.
Censorship in libraries is like cutting off the world's air supply. This will take away the imagination of the reader. Prevent readers from expressing their thoughts. No need for my opinion on library review. Libraries around the world do a great job of keeping certain books at an appropriate age level. By removing certain materials from the library it will draw readers' attention to the reasons for their removal. Readers will then ask us to leave their books alone. Then fight for more of these books and then they need to be reviewed in the library. Books are there to keep people curious, learning, and excited. By cutting out different materials will prevent people from enjoying the spiritual world. The more books you take away, the more people watch TV. Then there won't be more writers and more actors. People's minds don't want to know, learn, or stay excited. I remember when I was a little girl, I went to the library. I am looking for books in the library. I got soaked and tried to check out the book when I called it the big kid. The lady at the library told me I was young and showed me books in my age group and brought them back. Then I can check out a book. So I just want to say that the library doesn't need to be reviewed. That would be far from library work. So don't take away the reader's imagination
There are certain responsibilities when reviewing all different types of media and literature. Determining who is responsible can be a daunting task. Children are strongly influenced by all media and make these materials easily accessible. When someone becomes an adult and makes a decision that affects their life, they should be able to. Shop owners should be able to sell anything they want to make a living. When kids go to the library, they usually don't go alone. Parents can decide whether to allow their children to take them home. When children come to parents with offensive or inappropriate books, movies or magazines, parents need to decide whether they want their children exposed to the material. If parents allow their children access to offensive media, then this can make children think that what they are watching or reading is good. If someone is an adult and has all the other freedoms that other people have, they should be allowed to buy, read and watch what they want. To prove to someone that you are old enough to access offensive material, you should have to show some sort of identification to prove it. A shop owner or businessman/woman should be able to sell whatever he or she wants to make a living, as long as it is within the law. Someone with an illegal job or someone who is not the legal guardian or parent of a minor should not tell someone not to buy, read or watch something just because it might offend or offend someone. My conclusion is that in order for someone to tell another person not to buy or rent material, that person must be a law enforcement officer or their legal guardian, as long as they are under age. There is no reason why people cannot access material that is not illegal. If someone is offended by some literature, then they should try to make it illegal.
Censorship, the term has caused a lot of debate in today's society. People have very different views on censorship around the world. In some countries, the dictator @CAPS4 allows its citizens to access the internet to watch the news, or in some more extreme cases @CAPS4 to watch TV at all. Most of the time, they do it because @CAPS4 wants the citizens of their country to know what's going on around the world. This creates a "fishbowl" environment, which means that people from other countries can see all the problems in that country, but in reality people in that country have no idea what's going on around them. Although we don't always see censorship in that extreme sense, it still plays an important role in today's society. Everything from music on the radio to military documents is censored. Think about it, how often can you listen to a song on the radio with its original sound intact? The censorship debate has been back and forth for years, and not much progress has been made at all. Every side of the argument for or against censorship is almost entirely opinionated. No one can say for sure that censorship or @CAPS4 is needed at all. It is difficult to determine whose opinion is true and more persuasive. In my opinion, I don't think it's worth considering, and if the writer of the @CAPS1 show throws out a vulgar word, it's probably because of the emotional impact it has on people. The same goes for songs, when an artist writes lyrics for a song, they try to convey a message and use certain words to make their point more effective or dramatic. Parents are arguing that their kids see a lot of violence on @CAPS1 and cause behavior problems and other things, and the shows need to be more kid-friendly. Besides reviewing all these things, there is another option, instead of "ruining" everyone's fun, just don't let your kids watch that show. In today's @LOCATION1, we have something called freedom, and we exercise that right every day with what we wear and what we say. I think we should take that freedom and apply it to censorship. Instead of complaining about violence and sexuality in movies on @CAPS1, you can simply decide which show to watch @CAPS4. Everyone can choose to say no; if you don't want to hear or watch something, just choose something else to watch, or even just do something completely different. You do @CAPS4 you have to do whatever you don't want to do. It's an easy solution, all you have to do is exercise the rights you've had since the day you were born and say no, I don't want to do that. It's pretty simple, and probably stops all the debate about whether @CAPS4 needs to be considered.
Dear @CAPS1 @PERSON1, should certain books be removed because some @MONTH1 think they are not suitable for their children to read or read? No, I don't think they should be removed. Honestly, I think all of these should be in different parts of the library by age. Like all children's books and magazines, it should be in one section. Young adult and/or teen books and magazines should be placed in a separate section. Then adult books and magazines should be in their own section. Even autobiographies and documentaries should be in their own section. This will make it easier for you to find the book you want to read. For example, if one of your teenage girls is looking for a book about a high school girl crushing a boy, then it's likely to be in the youth section. So yes, parents who are worried about their children reading certain books should be able to say something. But what if a teen is looking for a book about celebrity autobiographies for a school project. Even if it includes how they used to use drugs as a teenager. If they can't find it in the library, that person shouldn't fail because some worried parents don't think it's appropriate. Like I said, your best bet is to put all your books in subcategories by age. It will make things easier and faster to find the book of your choice
Today's world seems to be full of inappropriate materials. The possibilities for where objectionable references can be sneaked into the lyrics of magazines, books, music are endless, and they're sure to be everywhere these days. But should your resources for where to find these materials should be limited due to the ethics or values of others? I disagree with this behavior and I want to tell you why I did it. We all have different morals, values and sense of what is right and wrong; everyone is different. Maybe it's your religion or culture that keeps you away from these materials. But why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or can't get from their library? I know I get mad when I say if I can't get the books or materials I want or need just because the person next to me doesn't agree with what I found through research about it. I do believe certain things should be separate from the rest of the library. For example, books that offend children should be kept away from where children can pick things up in the library. This is completely understandable. But when they are removed because some people disagree with them or think they are offensive, that's when things go too far. This country is built on the freedom you believe in. So why do we force others to believe what we think? Just because I find something objectionable doesn't mean the person next to me will do it, which is totally fine with me. This is his or her own personal opinion and I don't think he or she should be prevented from knowing what they want to know. One way to get around this is to separate things that might be found offensive to another section of the library and post a sign or paper explaining exactly what can be found in that section. In conclusion, no, I don't think libraries should be censored. I know I can walk into my local library and find what I find objectionable right now, but I don't want my own opinions to influence other people's viewing of the material. People should think about each other from time to time and not stick to their personal beliefs. The world is an opinionated place, otherwise we would have nothing. Libraries can be full of useful materials, so the focus should be on the things in the library that can help you, not the things in the library you don't want to see. If you find something offensive, stay away from it, but don't try to take it away from the rest of the world.
Libraries should have censorship because younger kids can come and open and look. I think we should have it because it makes sure the kids don't look at them. There are three reasons why they should be reviewed. First, they can teach kids bad things, second, bad effects, and third they just don't need to be there. The first is that they can teach children bad things. That's because they'll start paying more attention to it. Then they get into trouble. They have no reason to look at it at all. Second, the impact is not good. They go there to tell and show friends that they start doing things that aren't right. Make and do things, and have a bad future. Third, they really have no reason to look at it. Unless it falls off the shelf and lies on the floor. But they really have no reason to care about it. I think we should have it so it doesn't hurt kids so everyone's life will be right
I don't think the library needs to be reviewed. The basis of censorship is very stubborn and biased. Two readers of a book can look at the material quite differently. The reader chooses to read that book, and thus likely knows what the overall plot is before reading the first page, because of the summary on the back. People can make their own decisions and therefore can choose whether to start reading this book. Books found to be inappropriate or offensive are likely to appear in teenage fiction or adult literature. If this is the case, they should be mature enough to deal with stumbling on material or make the decision to put the book back and not read further. It would be correct to say that the material is not suitable for younger age groups, but at that age kids should be reading books with @CAPS1 adults. Material that is considered unacceptable will almost certainly appear in fiction for mature readers, so if it is read by a younger group, that will be its own problem. Teens and/or adults reading this type of material are certainly old enough to read some swear words and scattered innuendo throughout the episode. @MONTH1 Material found to be inappropriate or offensive to @MONTH1 will vary for two different audiences. A high school student might hear worse sounds in the halls as they pass; @CAPS1 adults worry that what their kids are reading must have been exposed enough in their lifetime to review the text or put it away. It is called objectionable material simply because one's opinion is unethical. Difficult situations and our environment prepare us for the future. A person who sees bad things in life is more likely to do everything in his power to improve his future and more willing to help Shure avoid it. Should the dirty things in life be ignored? Should kids who are beaten at home have to suffer in silence because they look too graphic to tell the difference? Shouldn't the story of the homeless man who changed his life just because he learned from the past seem too disturbing just because of the trouble he had to deal with? I believe these are the stories that need to be told the most, as @CAPS1 tries to teach those around us how to prevent, and how to get out of trouble in our lives. There are always things in life that we don't want to see. But isn't it our actions after seeing these misfortunes that determine who we are? Libraries should not be censored, but should be open to the public who want to learn more about these stories. There is a purpose to writing books and the purpose of @MONTH1 is just to let people know that these things are happening, if anyone thinks they are alone in these conflicts then they are not
I believe there are indeed certain books that shouldn't be on library shelves. Some people @MONTH1 feel compelled to delete books of their choice, but, I also say, if the library thinks it's appropriate to put those books on their shelves, that's their problem. I believe if you don't like these books, stay away from them. Now, if these books can only be seen by adult eyes, then yes, definitely take them away. Parents I personally know won't let their kids need a book because they read the protagonist kiss in the comments. I find it ridiculous, but it's the way they raise their kids. As long as they don't force them to bring parenting methods to libraries and other places of study because of these books, I'm fine with that. I find some people find books on topics like slavery and holographic festivals offensive. I see these books as our histories, these topics are taught to us in school, and we are likely to hear these things as we grow up. What's the difference between knowing them now and knowing them as an adult? People seem to be trying to protect the world from things like swearing. why? If a book has some dirty words oh well, if you think it's bad, tell your kids to stay away from it. However, don't delete that book from our library yourself. People have different opinions, we always have, and we always will. If a parent feels this strongly about several books, get a post and get a signature saying the books should be removed or at least moved to a different part of the library. Don't force your ideas on others
BOOKSDear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Stare tells you some books in the library that adults find offensive to kids. These books should be taken away so the kids can read them without reading them. The first example provided by @CAPS2 is that I created some books and other things I searched for that offended kids. Libraries let kids read them without ID because they are the sections for adults. These books need to be kept away so kids don't read offensive stuff or try to read them. They should pbs books so that underage kids can read so parents don't have to worry about what kids read in their free time there. The second example is that parents should protest so they can get rid of books or something. Parents need to protest, so anything they deem offensive should be taken off the shelves. Or the other thing is they're going to have to list which books are objectionable and only adults can read them by ID, and that might sound better, so books etc don't get rid of books. One final example is the @CAPS4 library for kids to take them home to read. They should be things that kids need to read, such as educational books for school or other purposes. Adults need to see what kids are reading now. Children need to start at that age to understand what books are good for them, otherwise their brains will start confusing them at their age. The conclusion is that the library needs to make up something so the kids don't read these kinds of books and the only thing to do is mess with the brains in there and then the parents need to pay so their kids can get therapy and the other kids They need to spend money so their brains can get better. So ask the library to do something so parents don't have to worry about what their kids are reading these days. Like me, I don't like my kids reading offensive stuff because they'll start doing the same thing, so the library will do something on the offensive stuff.
In my opinion, I don't think libraries should allow censorship. I think people are smart enough to decide what they want to read. They are a few reasons why I don't think censorship should be allowed in libraries or public places. The first reason I think a library shouldn't allow censorship is because it shows disobedience. The second reason I think libraries shouldn't allow censorship is because a lot of people will overuse their authority, which will give a lot of people a bad opinion of the library. The last reason I think a library shouldn't allow censorship is that it changes the library's entire environment. Libraries should not allow censorship because it shows a form of disobedience. I think a lot of people will use profanity and have an attitude that I don't care. If people use profanity at home, I would strongly disagree with keeping it at home and not in public. In my opinion censorship should not be allowed in the library or anywhere else. Libraries shouldn't allow censorship because a lot of people will overuse their power and most people don't want to go back to the library. Some people overuse their authority, shouting in the library to prevent others from reading or occupying themselves on certain things. If the library is loud and annoying, it will drive people out of the library. I think a library should be a quiet hospitality. This will make the library flow easier. At the time I thought that no library or any other public place should allow censorship. Libraries are places to read, study, complete homework, and more. In the end I think people should be able to make their own decisions, not that they want to read a book with censorship or anything related to censorship as long as they can control it
I do believe certain things should be removed from the library, like things that little kids shouldn't see. They should be in another room and you have to have an ID to get in. They should make sure of this because you don't want your little one to look like a playboy. I know I don't know. Little kids shouldn't read books with a lot of swearing and anything because no kid needs to do that. This bothers them, and they may have trouble at school and at home. Yes @MONTH1 It's true that adults love to read about sex and drugs, but do we really want our kids to read the same things we read? Some people just need to think about what they're missing in the library because little ones always love to see something new. So the next time you're working at the library or just visiting there, you might want to see where you put things because little kids will see it.
Eventually, everyone will see or hear objectionable things. However, the government has taken steps to prevent young people from seeing it. They think parents should tell their kids everything, and at the same time they try to make it a big secret for kids. But if the kids are introduced ahead of time, we don't have to keep it a secret. Libraries and all types of media should not be censored. Children always ask questions like "Where did babies come from?" With adults, wanting to avoid awkward conversations, making up stories or not telling them the whole truth. Imagine a world where governments let the media do whatever they want. Yes, it will be vulgar at first, but the government will have the power to teach about sex and drugs in schools. More kids will be educated, so few of them will be curious to do any of these things. That's not to say newscasters should curse every time they're on TV. It's just a hint that instead of putting a metaphorical black veil over half of the news, they're reporting the whole truth. They have freedom of speech and we have the right to know. At first, people will think it's a scary world. Ultimately, though, with the right leadership, it can help create a more authentic environment. Children learn about sex and drugs at school and have a safe environment to answer their questions (if any). Drug use and rape will decrease. Then, talking about "offensive" topics won't be there, so kids won't feel embarrassed if they have a problem. This will make the world a better place.
As we all know, the library is a place full of dreams and imagination. For some, the library is a sanction where you can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible. The library has many books for all ages. So a book classified into one age group, @MONTH1 is not suitable for another age group. This is where the problem occurs. All kinds of problems can arise if a library chooses to keep books that are only suitable for certain age groups. The three main problems with this situation are that young children have access to magazines that they are not interested in, that some articles or books may offend certain races and cause uproar, and that events and instances played in books @MONTH1 are not suitable for all age groups. We have to think about the book we've read and consider whether we want others to read it too. Young children are often daily visitors to the library. Most people run around the library, flipping through all the books or magazines they happen to come across. This is not always good. In the library, there are many magazines for adults only. This has happened to my family before. One evening my mother, brother and myself visited the library. My brother found himself while my mom and I were rummaging around in the library, searching the magazine racks for something to preoccupied him. Fortunately, his task was completed. During his search, my brother found himself a sports illustrated magazine. There are pictures inside showing my mom getting upset when she sees my brother. Examples of happy everyday like this in the local library. Staff should consider putting exposed works in places that younger generations can't find. Throughout the library, there are many books about past historical events. While many people find these books useful and interesting, some find them very offensive. Some races have experienced painful events in history. Many of them do not want to relive painful past experiences. I think libraries should be people-centred and refer to how different people feel about certain books. When I was a little girl, I remember doing a unit on slavery and the Underground Railroad. While studying this unit, we were assigned a research task. I chose to go to the library to find books that I could use to gather more information. While searching the library, I came across a book that my mom and I felt should not be in the sights of young people. This book contains many horrible acts against black people. This is a book that should not be read at my age. For me, reading helps me escape the real world and take a break. When I'm relaxing and enjoying a good book, I can't help but feel like nothing in the world can touch me. While I love reading, I don't like when I start reading a book and then have to procrastinate because the book reveals events that I shouldn't be reading. A book I've read that definitely isn't for me. Although I found the book, in the teens section, I read this book that revealed a young girl who was subjected to many rapes and beatings. Looking back now, it was a book I might enjoy now, @NUM1 years later, but I don't think I should have come across that book at the time. What books should and should not come across in the library is sure to be a never-ending debate. Many believe that if a book is not suitable for all readers, it should be taken out. I figured the never-ending feud might be quelled if it wasn't a book suitable for all ages, and kept out of reach of younger audiences.
If I find some material objectionable, do I think it should be removed from the shelf? No, I don't think they should, but here's my take. It doesn't make sense to take them off the shelf because kids will see that material outside of school, so why are we taking it off? Music, movies, magazines and books have the following material: racism, murder, inappropriate language, etc. When we find material, such as those previously listed as offensive off-campus, we stay away from them. We ignore it and watch or read what we don't find objectionable. Movies and books about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 sometimes offend some people, and if we remove them from our library, we won't be able to get references when we do the right articles on those topics. It's hard to get correct information from the internet because not everything is correct there. 100% of the fact books are correct. Then you will have nothing to worry about. So I don't think certain material that is offensive to some people should be removed. This is a pointless task. Children see it outside school and stay away from it so they can stay away from it at school too.
Library Censorship I don't think objectionable things found in libraries should be removed. Just because some people think it's offensive doesn't mean everyone thinks it's offensive. Some people @MONTH1 like what it shows. I don't think things in the library should be removed because everyone has their own opinion. If every time someone walked in and took something away, there would be no library. A library should be all kinds of books. It shouldn't just be one type that one likes. Providing rich diversity is important because if a library does not have a rich diversity, the library will lose a wide variety of clients. Libraries do not wish to target children or teens only through adults. Libraries want to target all aspects of people. Even if it means something is inappropriate. All books are inappropriate if you look at them the wrong way. I don't think things found in libraries that people find objectionable should be removed. Everyone has their own opinion. The library should have a variety of books. Not just one type one wants.
Have you ever been in a library and thought, "Hey, this book looks good." But once you read @CAPS3, do you think @CAPS3 isn't for young people? I have, but unlike some, I don't blame @CAPS3 on the library. I first blame myself for choosing @CAPS3. Some people don't want to take responsibility for their actions, so they blame @CAPS3 on the library hosting a certain author's book, a band's song, or a magazine article. This makes me want to say that books, music, magazines, newspapers, etc. should not be taken off library shelves. Just because some people don't like what they hold doesn't mean @CAPS3 can't help or entertain others. I think @CAPS3 should be a matter of choice, like choosing what you want to wear in @TIME1. There are so many options, like when @CAPS3 deals with books, movies, music and magazines. If something strikes you as out of place, just take @CAPS3 back and replace @CAPS3 with something better. One experience I can think of as a good example is when I was @NUM1 years old. My mom took me into the library and I found a book, "A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3". Like any other time we go to the library, I showed her @CAPS3. Only this time, she doesn't want me to check @CAPS3. At the time she thought @CAPS3 was too harsh on me and she wanted me to wait until I grew up. @CAPS3 was about the abuse of @CAPS1 when she thought @CAPS3 was a very inappropriate book for my age. But instead of blaming @CAPS3 on the library, she asks why they are bringing these books where kids can get them. As I found out, so did other mothers and fathers. My best friend's parents did the same to her. It's just that @CAPS3 is not a book, but a CD of music she wants to listen to. They think she shouldn't listen to @CAPS3 because the lyrics in the song are too "sad" for her to hear. They agreed that if she was a little older then she could borrow @CAPS3. They didn't blame the library. If others want to listen to @CAPS3, or let their kids listen to @CAPS3, then @CAPS3 is their own personal choice. I don't believe libraries should have censorship. They can have different sections such as adults, children and young adults. But I believe they shouldn't take books, music, magazines, etc. off shelves just because of certain people. @CAPS3 should be a personal choice. If they don't like an item they've picked up, they should be held accountable for their actions rather than blaming others for their mistakes.
I don't think objectionable books, movies, music and magazines should be removed from the shelves. If you find something offensive, don't pick it up, it's that simple. You @MONTH1 found something objectionable, but it may not be for others. This is all based on your own personal opinion. Of course, some things are very offensive to some people and those people will try to stop it. But I think this is wrong. Because it offends you @MONTH1, but what if someone is researching the topic and can't find information about it because you think it's offensive and take it off the shelf. Then it disrupts people's learning. I'm not promoting violent books and movies or other objectionable material, I'm just saying if you find something offensive, turn your face away. @MONTH1 offended you, but other people @MONTH1 don't think so. There are a lot of books and movies that are offensive to many people. If we took all these movies and books off the shelves, there would be very few topics and titles to read and watch. In my conclusion, I support the fact that objectionable material should stay on the shelf. It may be helpful to many people, and at the same time it may be offensive to many. But if you're one of those people who finds it offensive, then don't follow it and find another thread or topic. It is wrong for one person to take another person's right to read books and watch movies, everyone has their own opinions and rights
They are some books that should not be removed from the library for review. From past censorship, I found that it could write a book. In the book @CAPS1 @NUM1 example, the book was burned, causing society to fall apart. Censorship comes from people with more ethnic backgrounds who don't want their children to grow up to see unwelcome language. One of the books I heard that was reviewed recently was @CAPS2 @CAPS3. The main word they removed from the book was nigar because some people fined the word because it was very offensive to their race. The committee is trying to remove the books from school shelves. I don't think we should be censoring just because parents don't want their kids to hear these words in school or read them when eventually kids learn them by themselves or hear some of the words that are eles. Kids can even learn the word from their own parents or from TV
The famous author Katherine Paterson has an idea that I very much agree with. She said, All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didnt take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf  I hate that kind of work. - then you have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. And then there are no books left for any of us on our shelves. If everyone has the right to delete certain books they think are inappropriate, then @MONTH1 There is nothing for people to read. While it is good for parents to have a voice and stand by their beliefs, books should not be banned. Many people have different opinions on what is right and what is wrong. Some @MONTH1 suggested a certain book is obscene, while others @MONTH1 are offended by another book. If every parent has the power to ban a book, there will be a time when no books are parent-approved by @MONTH1. Some of these books provide students with Great learning opportunity. Books often allow students to think in different, new ways. They can learn from new perspectives. Many times students can see their own morals and values, which is a good thing. If teachers find them Parents should respect the teacher's decision to deem a suitable book. They @MONTH1 suggest another way of reading, or offer other ideas, but it's not right to delete a book entirely. While deleting a book from reading @MONTH1 would go a long way, Something like movies might go in the other direction. Personally, my parents would be horrified to see grotesque, inappropriate movies that everyone could watch in broad daylight. I think the difference between books and movies is The distinction is simple: books often don't have inappropriate covers, while bad movies often do. Because of this, even people who don't want to watch movies are often forced to watch images they find disturbing. If a person Passing by a book they didn't intend to read, they don't have to be intimidated by the cover as they pass. While parents care about what their children read, books should not be banned. While other things @MONTH1 affect youth, books are another Things. They allow a person to think deeply, make observations and form opinions. They are the key to growth, learning and discovery.
First, I do like censorship to a certain extent. However, the government cannot ban everything they deem inappropriate. I think it depends more on what the family thinks is inappropriate. I don't think they should have any completely inaccessible areas in the library for younger children. I think viewers should get permission from family members to watch said content. I also think that if the content isn't relevant to the audience's interests, then they shouldn't be watching it. They don't need to watch it, so if they don't like it, then they won't watch it. But if the library doesn't agree to hold books, music, movies, magazines, etc., then they don't have to, and the audience can go elsewhere. If they do have books, music, etc, then they can limit and rate them. But I don't think an adult can go in and complain about inappropriate material. As I said before, if they don't like it, then they don't need to watch it. I actually don't think the government should tolerate parents complaining and complaining about the content of different materials. A parent shouldn't have the ability to deprive other people of the privilege of books because they don't think it's appropriate. Just because they don't like the content doesn't exclude everyone else from enjoying it. Additionally, if libraries do have age restrictions on certain materials, appropriate disciplinary action should be taken against those who view them. However, if viewers are accompanied by adult family members and have their consent, then I think they should be able to watch the material regardless of the ratings.
There are so many books, magazines, music and movies in this world waiting for you to discover. Some are funny, sad, weird, scary, etc. Still others are problematic for others, as it's even necessary to have these materials on library shelves in the first place. I'm not the type to question a book, magazine, movie or music. I believe everyone's voice needs to be heard in some way and if we all take away a voice we don't like then we lose a lot of it. We all have the right to express our opinions. Some things are more opinionated than others when it comes to certain things, but in the end we all feel strongly about ourselves. Some people want to express their feelings to the world with people who understand and agree with them. If we take it away from people, how will we connect? Some things @MONTH1 are offensive to others, but who has the right to say some things shouldn't be shared with the rest of the world. I've observed that when people have the same interest in things like music, books or movies, it provides a way for people to come together and talk about something. I've witnessed at concerts that everyone seems to connect because we're all there for the same reason, seeing bands or people we all love to listen to. Everyone is different and likes to have their own personal preference for something. Like Katherine Paterson once said, 'But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- the job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so does everyone else . Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I think what she's trying to say is that if we all take a book off the shelf that we don't think should be there, then there will be nothing for anyone to read. So what do we do? Whether it's books, music, or movies, there is a wide variety of material to discover, each with a particular genre that they like. I don't think censorship is a good idea for any material on the shelf. These materials connect people with each other. I think it's very important not to censor anything because it not only gives the author a voice, it also gives a voice to those who agree to the letter, the film or the musical material
There are many books, movies and music in the library. There can be many kinds of these things. Have you ever been to the library and not found something you like? Well, most people will find a lot of things that interest them in many ways. Many people come to the library every day to check out things they would like and have a good time listing, reading or watching. A lot of people are different, and everyone likes something different from each other. So the question is, 'Should we take some books and music and movies off shelves because they're objectionable? As a rule of thumb, yes, there are things in the library that a child or teen should not read, hear or see. Although most libraries have many sections by age. Depending on your age, you should go for the sections that mostly offer what you want. Don't go to places that offer things that don't belong to your age group, go to places that look like you belong. I've personally seen young teens or children get a book or magazine that doesn't exist for an age group, but @CAPS1 kids want to see that. You have to understand that most young teens and children are curious about many things before they reach that age. As a parent or legal guardian, most children look up to you. @CAPS1 You read, listen or watch content that is not age-appropriate, but your child wants to be like you. Children look up to their parents or legal guardians there. They want @CAPS1 to do the same thing you do, so they copy you. They'll find something similar to what you've done. They may look for books, movies or CDs that are not in their age group. They will do it because @CAPS1 they want to be like a parent or guardian there. So, as a parent or guardian, you must also pay attention to what you are doing and try to set a good example for your kids so they don't find books or things that are objectionable. There are many reasons why people might find something objectionable. Although we are the reason why we bring books and other things into libraries today. Today's children grow up much faster than we would like them to, but sometimes we can't stop it. Just set a good example to your kids or anyone and don't buy books, movies or music that are not in this age group. The library is a fun and learning environment for everyone. It's just that sometimes we all think we don't like or like the same things. There are many people in this world, and I have read about libraries. I've read why libraries may no longer be a family place because of the variety they carry. Still, have you ever wondered, "@CAPS1 it uses humans to make the library carry these breeds?" I think so, because we are part of the library. Those of us are the ones who want these books, movies, magazines, and music. So next time you walk into a library and see something that @CAPS1 doesn't think is true, think about it. Think how much someone @CAPS1 at @CAPS1 loves it. We all need to exclude things if we like or dislike sometimes. Just setting a good example and helping people not to get things that might be objectionable
Libraries should have whatever they want. Everyone has their own ideas about things. If you don't like what they have on the shelf, then stop going there or picking up what you like. Everyone is different, so you can't just take something offensive, it might offend one person but not others. Materials like books, music, movies, magazines, you can't start taking things off the shelf just because they offend you. The only way I would say is to take the book or magazine off the shelf if the facts are not true. Libraries have materials, books, music, movies, magazines and all the facts anyone needs. So don't start taking things off your shelves. Teenagers may have to write a paper on what people find objectionable, and if you don't have everything in the library, then we don't have good facts. No one in this world agrees on anything, and if you act aggressively, all you have to do is fight. The library is open to anyone who wants to read almost anything they want. Everyone has a type of music that you can't just start listening to because you think it's offensive. Most people have everything to themselves. Kids have people of their own and you can keep them away from whatever you want, the problem is you can't stop their lives. They get older and you won't be able to tell them what they want or don't want to do. If you keep them away from a book or something, they might end up reading it. Keeping your kids safe is important and I know your kids are overdue for things you don't want them to do. Just taking something objectionable off the shelf doesn't mean your kids won't fine them elsewhere. I can understand if these books or magazines offend you because they relate to your family, but there will always be offenses in your life. That means you have to keep it out of your skin or get over it. Things got easier. That's why the world can't get along. If you don't like something, don't let me be around. It's fine unless you read it. If I don't like something, I do it.
Libraries provide us with knowledge, entertainment and peace. If you have to write a dissertation, you can go there to study and do research. You can rent movies, music and books as long as you take care of them. Also, if you just have a busy day and need some peace and quiet, the library is perfect for you. However, it is a fact. Many people find certain items in the library objectionable and would rather they not be on the shelf. So, do we delete these things or let them stay? My opinion is to let them stay. I think books are too important to be thrown away just because they @MONTH1 contain some vulgar text or images. The same goes for magazines and movies. Also, music is changing as the years go by and many people, especially older people, don't like listening to this new style of music. Just because one person finds something offensive, doesn't mean everyone else will. People have a lot of different opinions on these things. Take history as an example. Many history books contain harsh real-life facts about what happened in the past. A song, book or movie about slavery may cause some people to be offended. Whether it's because the person is very anti-slavery or thinks slavery is a good thing, people feel differently about it. Another good example is movies. Some people @MONTH1 will find the movie offensive because of what was said or someone dies first, while others may not care. Also, many things that are offensive to one person can make others more interested. There are a lot of movies out there right now that can be considered very offensive. But honestly, what's going on with @MONTH1 just makes others want to know more about what's going on. Books are actually the same. I've read a lot of things myself that make some people cry or even become very angry or disgusted. Even in the end, I found them to be very good books. It's just about how you look at it. So, should something offensive to a person be removed from the library? The answer is no. There are so many things to attack. If you start taking these things, the library will just sit empty. Young people will not come anymore because the material will be less interesting. You will lose artifacts and stories about world history. If one could find a non-offensive book, there would only be so many books to read. My advice to libraries is to keep young people who may find highly offensive material in their own area away from @MONTH1's strong reactions. If possible, even put a label on the book to let people know what they're dealing with
Katherine Paterson once said: All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children dont take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf That book - which is what I adore - then you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. Then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. I think books and other items should stay On library shelves, library censorship is unnecessary. As Kathryn Patterson said, if you take down every book in @CAPS1 that someone finds offensive, there won't be anything left on the shelf Any book. Content that is offensive to a person @MONTH1 is not considered offensive from another person's point of view. Children, teens and adults have the right to choose the books they want to read, the movies they want to watch, or the movies they want to listen to music. If it's a child or teen, then I think parents should have a say in what their child reads or watches. As far as I'm concerned, I'm not allowed to listen to objectionable music or watch movies rated @CAPS2, but this Doesn't mean it should be taken off library shelves. Just because my family thinks it's right doesn't mean it's the only place to live. One has the right to choose what they want to read, What to watch or listen to. They can make choices based on how they grew up, or just because it's what they think is right or wrong. If they think a book is objectionable, then they don't have to read it, they have the right Reject and put the book back on themselves. If they think the book is appropriate then they can read it and there is no law that says they have to share the book with others. If there is a book that seems offensive to you and you read it, then you have no reason to agree with it. Everyone is free to disagree with anything they want to disagree with. If you are a parent of a child and you read, listen or watch objectionable content to them feel uncomfortable, you should make rules in their early life. Parents should make sure their kids are not reading inappropriate content or listening to offensive music or watching @NUM1 or @CAPS2 rated movies. So if you are watching your kids If you are satisfied with seeing and hearing objectionable things, then you don't have to worry about what's in @CAPS1. What your kids are watching, reading, listening to is not a problem, and if it becomes a problem in the eyes of the parents, they have the right to block Children reading offensive books or watching bad movies and listening to music that they find offensive. Every parent and family is different, as long as your kids know the rules and your beliefs, the library doesn't need censorship .I am not allowed to listen to offensive music in my family. Offensive music in my family is considered music with curse words in the lyrics. What my family finds offensive to @MONTH1 is different from what other families find offensive. I know I don't want to and can't listen to those particular songs, but that doesn't mean I Can't be friends or be around people who listen to that kind of music. Just because this is what my family believes, doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf in the library or anywhere else. My family's belief in @MONTH1 doesn't seem right to another family. Everyone has their rights and if they want to hear that kind of music then they should be able to. My family also believes that at my age, I shouldn't watch movies rated @CAPS2. If you take all your @CAPS2 rated movies off the shelves, half of them will disappear, which is not fair to people who like @CAPS2 rated movies. My family thinks @MONTH1 is not what other families believe. I know where I stand, I will do what I think is right, I will not listen to offensive music or watch movies rated @CAPS2. But that in no way means that other children, teens, adults shouldn't enjoy that kind of music and those movies. In conclusion, I don't think libraries should use censorship. It's everyone's own right and they have the ability to make what they think is the right decision. Parents also have a say in what they want their children to watch, read or listen to. They can monitor what their children are reading, watching or listening to, and they can block their children if they find the content objectionable. There is no need to remove items from the shelves. In my family, my parents found certain types of music and movies offensive, and I knew I wouldn't get those things when I went to the library or anywhere else. I'll get the music and movies I like and find the right age. As in @PERSON2's quote everyone has the same rights, if we all take items we find objectionable off the shelf, there's nothing left on the shelf. Everyone has a different point of view, no one has a right or wrong point of view that @CAPS1 has to follow
Offensive media is everywhere. From books to music lyrics, our culture embraces us. Children who see inappropriate media may spot bad behavior. This can make it difficult for children to socialize with their peers. Adults can also be influenced by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or any other role model using inappropriate behavior. This can make adults emotionally unhealthy, they @MONTH1 become violent or depressed. In the end, our world would be a better place if offensive media were completely abolished. People's lives can be enriched by good, clean entertainment, not spoiled by inappropriate media. It is clear that offensive media must be withdrawn from our nation's libraries immediately. Inappropriate media surrounds us every day, including children. Children see what they imitate, even in the first few years of their lives. So if they hear dirty words on TV or see someone doing drugs, they @MONTH1 will imitate it. Obviously, this is inappropriate behavior for the child. If a child is exposed to inappropriate media for prolonged periods of time, they @MONTH1 think it's okay to use it in their daily life. Their social skills and minds are being destroyed due to offensive media. Libraries should remove inappropriate media because it corrupts children's minds. Another reason libraries should push aggressive media is because adults can develop different aggressive habits too. Just as a child can develop the offensive habit of swearing, so can an adult if exposed to the habit for a prolonged period of time. Besides swearing, adults can also think it's OK to kill because they've seen it in movies. Then, if they get angry, they can take up a violent weapon and try to kill someone. If someone makes you angry, that's not a healthy way to express how you feel about someone. Our nation's libraries should remove inappropriate media because it makes adults emotionally unhealthy. Finally, inappropriate media should be taken off library shelves, because our world might be a better place without it. The media is one of the fundamental reasons for the way people behave. If they see their favorite celebrity arrested in a magazine for @CAPS1, they @MONTH1 think DUI is OK. Another example is if people read about someone taking drugs in a book, they @MONTH1 want to try and experiment with drugs themselves. This can lead people to do crazy things that could be harmful to other life around them. Offensive media is almost everywhere. When kids see inappropriate media, they @MONTH1 think it's okay to imitate it. When adults are exposed to enough offensive media, they develop bad habits like swearing, killing people or taking drugs, which in turn can lead to unhealthy emotions. Our world would be a better place without inappropriate media on our library shelves. With quality media, we'll have fewer conflicts, fewer deaths, and better lives that are richer rather than corrupted. Millions of people's lives will be better if libraries remove inappropriate media from their shelves
We all have the right, and all of us have the same opportunity to express our feelings, thoughts or beliefs. Freedom is the most beautiful and important thing we have, and no one can take it away: it's just our own, and everyone has it. As humans, it's not easy to understand what other people think, and accepting what we outsiders can accept can become a little difficult. The library is a place where we can find all kinds of materials that can easily answer many of our questions or our questions, sometimes some materials can be offensive and make people's goals uncomfortable, and some can be Our search really helped. If I had the right to take down any magazine, book or movie, I would at least think about it before taking it down and consider how helpful and valuable it would be to people who really need it, if everyone else has and Like me, we don't have any materials at all in our library. Music is a big topic and we all know that some people are really used to listening to a type of music that others might call "rude music" and I might offend the kids. I truly believe that none of us would label them because of the music they like, the books they read, or the movies they watch. We need to understand that no one is better than no one, and we also need to respect the feelings of others, which is something we must strive for.
Should books, magazines or movies deemed offensive be taken down? I think the book, magazine or movie should stay on the shelf even if it is found offensive. If it offends one person, that doesn't mean it offends everyone. Everyone has their own opinion on whether it is offensive or not. I don't think the person who wrote the book or magazine meant to offend it. They're just writing what they think fits the story, and some people get mad at the book or magazine. However, they shouldn't argue about it, because like I said before, the author probably didn't mean to offend it. In short, these books should stay on the shelf. Everyone has a different point of view. The author probably did not mean to offend the book or magazine.
Censorship in the world is getting worse every day. Many people believe that some inappropriate material. I believe that if it does not fit someone else does not make it unsuitable for some people. I believe that people have the right to read, watch or listen to what they want, as long as it does not violate any laws. I am entangled in this topic because I am against censorship, but when the law is broken, and I support it. I believe that people should have the right to read whatever they want. Indeed, some people read the book very guilty, it might give them a lot of trouble, but because not everyone should be punished for the mistakes of others. Sometimes you will hear a terrorist organization and other illegal organizations, but usually they do not sell to ordinary people. I think when it @ LOCATION1 pose a threat, they should remove the material. Another simple fact is that we have a constitution @ LOCATION1 free @ CAPS1, which basically means that anything we @ MONTH1 print and read what we want. Many people rely on the Constitution to make their lives seem more secure, and sometimes there is a book, article, movie or a song beyond our limits. I believe that some people sometimes mistakenly use the material for their own success and fame. I just think people should write purely for pleasure, rather than convince people to do bad things, or give bad thoughts or ideas. Government has the right to control our participation, but it seems fair? I understand the logic behind this, but just because it is offensive, does not mean they should be removed from society. I believe that if people want to experience it, they should be able to do doubt whether it will disappear the next day. If people do not agree with this "offensive" things, then they should not be involved. This is a true enough statement, it only makes you doubt their logic. So, the Government has the right to say what we can read, you can not read what? I do not believe, but this is my opinion. I believe that people should read anything they choose, and they should not think that because some of the "offensive" material violation of the law. @ CAPS1 freedom is that people must be respected by the government, but how people should feel safe when reading books, watching movies or listening to @ MONTH1 be considered "offensive" music.
Have you found books, movies, music and magazines about drugs, sex and violence? I think books, movies, music and magazines should be taken off library shelves if they are related to drugs, sexuality and violence. I think there are many reasons why these books, movies, music and magazines should be removed from library shelves. One reason is because young children can master books, music, movies, and magazines that contain drugs, sex, and violence, and then they can learn how to do those things. The second reason I think they should be removed from library shelves is because I don't think libraries are the place for parents and their parents to have that kind of book or magazine or that kind of music or that kind of movie. Children read, watch, and even listen to music that contains drugs, sex, and violence. The third reason I think they should be removed from the library shelves is because the materials belong to another building, a building far away from children, and only certain people can enter the building to read books, magazines, look at Movies, listen to music that contains these things. The last reason I think they should be removed is because from experience, once I found a book about drugs and I read it, but it was very inappropriate for small children, it had pictures of what drugs were like, what Certain medications can have effects on the body. Finally, I hope that those who read this article are aware of the impact these books, movies, music and magazines have on the people who read, watch and listen
There are so many books in the library that the folks at @MONTH1 feel disgusted with younger readers today. I don't think these materials should be removed from the shelves. People have the right to read what they choose to read. I don't think there are many reasons why this material should not be removed from the library. First, there are a lot of books that can be considered "offensive". @CAPS1 remove all of these offending books and you will basically remove half of the books in the library. Most young adult books are about teens, drugs, violence, and other objectionable things. These books are usually books read by teenagers. Just because they're reading them doesn't mean their behavior will be affected. These types of books are read for entertainment purposes, not to hurt or offend anyone. Second, I think people have the right to choose what they want to read, hear and see. Books, music, movies and magazines are sold for this purpose. Everyone has different opinions and tastes about what they like or dislike. In the end, I think it's a mistake to review what's listed. There are a lot of great books or movies that can be off-putting, and taking them off the shelf makes them lesser known. Kids won't know them and they might miss some great stories. Everyone has their own opinion and it is understandable to take care of children. Censoring available books in the library can make it harder for others to find books. Libraries should have different types of materials because everyone has different tastes.
I don't think they should be removed from the shelf. Everyone has the right to read it at some point in time. This book can be rented if it is not a child. If they complain it's volga or sex. Then you shouldn't take it away. Try something else, like an adult section. One person @MONTH1 loves a book that contains some violence, and on the other hand you @MONTH1 has a really religious person who can't stand to see it. There are many views on this topic. Parents who do not want their children exposed to this lifestyle. Some people don't really think it's as bad as the next person. If it's a book you don't like sitting on your shelf, and you don't like it sitting in a prominent place. Should you really decide who takes it off? Some people don't know what their kids like to read. @MONTH1 affects children's reading habits if they have final thoughts on what to remove. What if your child wants to read a horror book and you choose not to keep those shelves on the shelf anymore. Then they don't want to read the books sitting on the shelf. I'd rather read a book that interests me than read a book that I don't like. My take on this topic is simple. I don't think parents should control what we read as long as it's appropriate. I think it should be left to the government to decide which books should and should not be taken away.
When it comes to censorship, I think there are very few things that should be removed. Just because it's considered offensive by some, doesn't mean it's offensive to everyone. Material should only be removed if and only if it offends an overly dominant majority. If you find it offensive, ignore it, you don't have to buy it. Maybe others find it interesting and it contains the information they have been looking for. When it comes to books, music, movies or magazines, I think almost anything should be allowed, except for material depicting nudity or drugs and alcohol. Except a little cursing here and there and some violence is perfectly acceptable, but if it's too bad, little kids should probably be avoided. Often, if a child is exposed to that type of material, they usually believe that whatever they saw as a child is perfectly acceptable. Sometimes it's violence, sometimes it's something else like drugs or alcohol, whatever the situation is with @MONTH1. Many parents feel that certain material should be banned because it exposes their children to bad morals. But my belief is that if you're a good parent, then you don't have to worry about these kinds of things. If you really don't want your kids involved, then take action. For example, if you don't want your child to watch a certain TV show, block it. Don't just think they won't watch it, and then when they do, you'll be mad at the people who made the show. It's not their fault, maybe you as a parent should make sure your kids don't see this material in the first place. Some people believe that if any material describes anything bad then it should be removed. But I believe this is @LOCATION1, people can read and write as much as they want, and if you have something to say about it, that's fine with me, you can believe whatever you want. People should be able to maintain their freedom of speech and creativity without being laughed at
Yes, because kids shouldn't read anything like that. Children should read a book with good information and information that children should learn in class. Well, if books, music, and other things to read and watch have bad stuff in them, they should be taken off the shelf because kids shouldn't be looking at it. Some music has bad language and kids shouldn't listen to that kind of music. Kids should also watch movies that have inappropriate scenes because kids don't watch these things well, if their kids are watching movies with inappropriate scenes and magazines with inappropriate pictures, parents should take some action because kids Is too young to see.
My take on library censorship is that some books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken down if they are offensive. If they're left on the shelf, some very young child or teen may walk up to a book and find it contains bad stuff for adults to read. The child will ask the caregiver what they are saying with "@CAPS1 what does this picture mean?" and they probably don't know what @CAPS1 is saying at that moment. Sometimes parents and caregivers are not always willing to explain or want to explain things right away when they have to. Everyone has something different in their life and they have to learn at a different pace. Some things should be taught as children, like how to brush our teeth, but some things should be left to us when we grow up, like having children or drinking alcohol. When parents explain things like having a baby, you don't want them to be five years old. Books in the library have pictures of men and women, and such questions do get asked young people. Libraries are public spaces and should be safe for anyone of any age, whether young infants or adults. Public schools also have libraries, and I don't want kids reading @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 books that have bad or offensive stuff in them. Not only does it have to be a book that contains bad things, but it may also have something to do with religion. Everyone has their own thoughts and comments about at least one religion. If you've been @CAPS4 all your life, and a kid picks up a book about Jews, they're going to ask someone. Younger kids and teens can always find things they shouldn't find at certain ages, but why not reduce it by not keeping the library under scrutiny? When you were young, your parents didn't want to take you to the library to be asked an offensive question because of a book, music, movie, or magazine. It's been working for so many years, so we shouldn't be changing it now.
I don't think it matters what books are in the library. If you think a book offends you, don't read it. If you're going to read a book with an opinion on Citi's race or religion, please reserve your opinion. Most people rave about natural things in order to get attention. It would help a lot if the library was divided into sections on topics etc, and it would be a faster way to get your books and make room for others. To be honest, I didn't see @CAPS1 in the school library, but that's probably because I didn't spend much time looking for it. If not, it's probably because someone complained about it. If you are religious, you should have the right to read what you want. There are all kinds of weird books in the library, many just for fun. I don't know why some people have so many problems with certain things. Like I said before, don't read it if you don't like it
I don't think any of these materials would be objectionable if found in the library. But if kids look elsewhere for those things, they'll find them anytime. The objectionable material was picked up there by some, including children. These books are only offensive in the adult section. If found there, kids won't read it because it's too long for them and there aren't any pictures in the book. The music is objectionable, but like I said, only found in the adult area. Kids weren't interested in music in those days, so they wouldn't bother to watch them. Movies and magazines contain objectionable stuff that can be found anywhere, but rarely found in libraries. The only objectionable things you'll find in libraries are magazines. They make a bunch of different types of magazines and they can be found anywhere. Explain the offense, and that there are no offense books out there. I'm going to talk about "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". @CAPS3 books have a lot of bad words, sex scenes, drugs, gang violence, racism. @CAPS3's book is so offensive that kids' parents won't let them read it, but @CAPS3's book is based on a true story. Everything that happened in that book was real, and people needed to know what happened and why the people in that story did these things. Some books @MONTH1 are offensive, but you can learn from other people's mistakes by reading that book. Everything about @MONTH1 offends you in one way or another, but from another perspective it's a learning experience. People who make these mistakes can tell kids that these things don't get mad. Everything has its purpose. The books tell you the stories of people's lives, and the movies are based on the stories and you can watch it. Music can tell you about people's lives with poetry. Magazines really don't make sense, they're just there to gossip
Are library reviews really necessary? In my opinion, but only to a certain extent. I'm sure most people who go to the library regularly know what types of books, movies, magazines, etc. are more suitable for adults and teens/children. I think censorship helps stop our young people from taking words and deeds and using them in everyday life. If we @CAPS9 don't want them reading or even hearing them, I think censorship is a good thing in some ways. I believe if censorship goes away in some form, I'll use a different method of censorship that is more adult-friendly. Censorship still exists in the library in some form. Anything the person is checking will have something different or new. If we can, we can use ratings like movies when people view these books, movies, magazines, etc. When a kid from @NUM1 comes to the library to borrow a book, they find something they are interested in, they can take it to the librarian who will check the rating and age of the kid with the library card, then See if the program is right for the child. There may be many ratings @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @NUM2 and @CAPS3. I think @NUM3 is for @CAPS1-@CAPS2, @NUM4 is for @NUM2, @NUM6+ is for rated @CAPS3. I often see kids learning words, phrases, and actions from movies, books, etc. that make them think it's okay to do or say these things. I don't think so. In my opinion, I think this idea can help our young people and parents can make better choices in what they submit. So if you think this is a good idea, please contact your local library and tell them you support @CAPS7, "@CAPS7 @CAPS8". @CAPS9 Don't wait until you forget, call now.
Books, movies, music, and even @CAPS1 are important in our lives and environments. They all have a learning process. You can learn when you read, when you study, when you watch movies, when you study, even when you listen to music. Everyone has the right to know that this is part of being a citizen, past, present and future. Speaking of all this, I believe that just because a book, or a movie is uncomfortable, I don't think you should take it away. That's not just taking away from your children, or you're taking other people away from yourself. Like the book Huckleberry Fins, it's a great book and I love it because it's about a past where they still believe in slavery and there are some good people around. This book is very offensive to some because it has the word nigger a hundred and twenty-seven times. In fact, last year at my school, a mother tried to take it out because she didn't want her son to read it, he was actually a mixed-race boy, but luckily the committee saved it and it's still here. That's our history, and everyone needs to learn something, whether it's offensive or not. Aside from movies that can and probably offend people, they still shouldn't take these things, like I said before, that's taken from other people. Don't buy it if you don't want to watch it, or change the channel if something comes up that you don't think is right. History is important, and I don't think people should take away your rights as a citizen, to learn what you want to learn or need to learn in the future. Now I can understand the music part, some @MONTH1s are a little out of place for younger listeners, so like I said before switching stations again or don't buy @CAPS2. Don't deprive people of what they want to learn, watch or listen to. People who feel offended or embarrassed should be ashamed of themselves because that is very selfish and rude. No one should be ashamed of who they are or any movies that describe the past in a way that actually happened, and if they describe it in a good way, it's all just a lie. That's why I don't believe in censorship. It shouldn't happen, any book, movie, magazine, @CAPS2 should be available to whoever wants it
People think that libraries are great places for knowledge, just a place for information, many people love them, but some people are afraid to hear the word "@CAPS1". To be honest, I now only know of a handful of people who use the library as a source of information in my life, but; is there some information in the library that offends others? The answer is based on your own opinion, very honest, but yes, I think some of the information you can get from your local @CAPS1 may be disturbing. There are books and information out there that you wish you never picked up in your life, and then all over the place. Now music and movies etc are kind of like, some @MONTH1 doesn't agree with what he/she picks, you know they might be interested. Will this offend people? The answer is roughly it can, but because people will be people. You @MONTH1 disagree with something, but your friend may think completely different from yours, and it's normal that everyone has a right to have an opinion on anything. Now if they have graphic movies or explicit music on their shelves that your little son/daughter can take whatever they want, I can see that as a major issue. Some parents don't want their kids listening to that kind of music at such a young age, even though it's the way things are in America, your kids will hear or see that stuff, that's life. If it's the case that a five year old can pull out graphic movies or cds that parents don't want them to see or hear, then I don't think it should be banned from @CAPS1. I believe it should be disposed of properly and moved to a place that is less accessible to five-year-olds. These are common arguments people have about many places and similar disagreements. Yes, I agree that some of what I found in @CAPS1 may be offensive to some, but my answer is still "no" and it shouldn't be removed unless it's really offensive. If there's something offensive in @CAPS1 and a lot of people in the community find it offensive, I'll pass it on to the local @CAPS1 head
I think if you think they're talking bad, you shouldn't read books or magazines, don't listen to music, don't watch the action. If you're offended by this, don't watch it, as the porson probably won't find it offensive. Watching offensive stuff is a port of life, so why do it now. I think if they did they would probably just air some @CAPS1.Vs shows because there's a lot of disgusting shows out there and some people don't like that but they won't air so why buy books music, Movies and magazines are removed. I don't believe they should because if I don't like it I don't watch it so I don't get mad at someone saying something I believe. A pornon might not like the same music you like, I might not like the same music he or she likes, but I'm not going to take it off the shelf, they should stop looking and listening to all these things the pornon says .
Libraries shouldn't take books, movies and magazines off their shelves just because some kids might be offended. If township and school libraries bring out the cool movies, magazines, and books that most kids love to read and watch, kids who love those books, movies, and magazines won't go back to the library. For example, I like listening to hard rock, heavy metal and rap. However, churchgoers just enjoy listening to church music. If you stay with your friend for one night because he invited you to go to church with him and you park your car in the parking lot to listen to your rap, some @MONTH1 don't like it. That doesn't mean they should take things people don't like off the shelf to satisfy them. Libraries should have a policy stating that if a child wants to consult a book or magazine or rent a movie, they should have the child's parent sign and return a permission slip stating that their child has the right to rent the book, magazine or movie. Libraries should have age restrictions to access books and magazines. If kids want to rent a movie, they must have a permission slip signed and returned by their parents. This license can be used for all movies. Libraries should not delete their books, magazines or movies. They should have a policy that allows older kids to check on them. So, library materials should be an option
Some @MONTH1 believe that certain books, movies, magazines or music should be removed from the library because they @MONTH1 were found offensive. I believe libraries shouldn't get rid of "offensive" material on their shelves. What makes things objectionable? I would take offense if someone told me I looked like I lost weight. However, this person would not mean that. While I would find it a little rude, another person @MONTH1 found it a nice compliment. With this logic, can we really conclude that anything is truly objectionable? Saying something is offensive, you are stating your own point of view. Everyone has the right to have an opinion even if they are different from everyone else; equality is something that most people consider very important. Because of this, one person's definition of offense should not be higher than another's. If we get rid of the library of "offensive" material, that's exactly what you're going to do; you'll make one person's definition of aggression better than another's. I also believe that libraries shouldn't get rid of "offensive" material, because in doing so, they might get rid of a lot of interesting material. Let's take my religious beliefs as an example. I'm @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Basically, I don't believe in '@CAPS3'. I would find it interesting if someone were to write a book about my religion. However, some @CAPS4 @MONTH1 find this offensive. So if the library throws that book away because someone finds it objectionable, I don't want to go there too often. When I go to the library, I want to find a book that I like to read. If all material deemed objectionable was taken out of the library, would there really be anything left? If so, I doubt many people would find it amusing. I believe this too, because if you find a book offensive, take it off the shelf, won't you offend the author? As I said before, everyone has the right to have an opinion. Because of this, libraries should allow authors to speak their minds. Take their books off the shelf and you offend them. They spend time and energy thinking and writing about that book, and if you offend them by taking it off the shelf, you defeat the whole purpose of taking it off the shelf. In conclusion, I believe nothing can really be defined as offensive. Also, people should be able to speak their minds. Therefore, libraries should not try to get off the shelf with those "offensive" materials
Dear @CAPS1: Have you ever seen an objectionable book on a library shelf? Would you like your child to be affected by these findings? These are the questions you need to ask yourself about certain materials that appear in the library. As a concerned citizen, I am writing to you to reflect my views on library review. In my own personal experience, I have come across magazines, books and music that are objectionable. I don't think these materials should be found in libraries. There are a lot of people who still want these materials, so my suggestion is that there should be a separate space for offensive materials. If there are separate rooms, we can keep these materials away from young children. When I grew up with kids, I believed that a library should be a kid-friendly place. In order for this to happen, we need to find a place for these materials, or not have them at all. Libraries need to be somewhere anyone can go: college students trying to prepare for exams, kids trying to discover @PERSON1, or seniors looking to enjoy peace and quiet. Libraries don't need distracting offensive material. The library is the place to study and explore the different resources inside. For young children, this is a fairytale land where everything is possible and the unimaginable can become reality. If there is material that adults don't want their kids to see, they @MONTH1 make their kids uncomfortable there. Libraries need to be child-friendly places so that people of all ages can enjoy what it has to offer. As you can see, objectionable material shouldn't be in the library. People of all ages should be able to enjoy what the library has to offer, as well as some impossible materials. Please consider the following. Kind regards, @PERSON2
They need to remove the bookstore because all students want the library to have a lot of books, like Spanish books or different cultures, students can know different languages, or they can do a lot with those books. For example, they can read loads or read the same book with other words. And also music and movies that they need to delete because some DVDs are the spokes they need to delete. For example, there are many libraries in the world where people borrow books, people can borrow books for free, that's why people want libraries to be free. Also, libraries need to communicate with many parts of the world, and many people think it's a good idea because many people say no, because libraries cannot fail to lend books or dvds, magazines, etc. That's why libraries need people to know that libraries don't borrow books, that's the world messing about....I think what libraries need to do is go and show DVDs of books they have in the library and borrow books That's how people think too much... Sometimes libraries can rent interesting DVDs that people can't find anywhere else, like new movies, but if the library doesn't have DVDs, some people can go to the library and offer to bookstores, you can Find places elsewhere. Is it a good idea if we have to read more, as many do. Libraries need more style to get people excited to pick up books and read.
Review is important. Especially about the books, magazines, movies and music that almost everyone reads, watches and listens to. Some media in libraries, such as books and magazines, may be extremely offensive to some people, or may convey the wrong message to children and young people. So, should we take them off the shelves? I personally think no, most aspects of media on library shelves are very offensive to people, but a lot has to do with people's opinions. Those who claim library books and other media aspects are objectionable are readers. Screenwriters, directors, and singers all do what they should do, and judgments and opinions come from people, fans, and film critics. We shouldn't take it all off library shelves just because it offends someone. It goes back to Katherine Paterson's words, "Then there are no books on the shelf for any of us to use." We can't take everything off the shelf because everyone has a different opinion , so if we censor everything, there is nothing. Currently, they do a good job of reviewing everything, like rating video games and movies. Movies rated @CAPS1 are known for adult audiences, and so are video games. The music they played on the radio was banned from using all vulgar language, so they worked hard. This gives people the option to watch, listen or read what they want, and they have to know in advance that it might offend them. While it is sometimes thought that censorship of these media aspects is not enough, that is all that can be done to not offend others. Taking everything off the shelves because of people's opinions may make other people angry or lack something they want to read or watch. Censorship can be beneficial without removing all media from the shelves and the world
Library censorship I know as much as anyone else, and you can find almost anything related to reading in a library. There are all kinds of things in there. From children's books to love stories and people magazines, newspapers, movies and music. Libraries welcome everyone, sure, but can everyone read what they want out loud? I personally think it's a good idea for anyone to put all of these things in a library, even if some of them don't quite fit. For people sitting at home without a library, maybe they want to know something specific, the first place that comes to their mind is the library. No one can really help people @MONTH1 what to find in the library, but I think it's a good idea to put this kind of stuff in public. You can get any information you want on the internet, yes, but what if the information you want isn't available on the internet? I prefer books to my own internet. Anyone can put information on a computer, but at least when it's in a book, it's real, because it has to be published and read by someone who won't let books with false information be sent to the public. If librarians are concerned that underage children will read books they shouldn't, keep it out of their reach. Put adult books in the adult area and keep small children out of that area. You can also place them high up so the kids won't even know they're there. All the libraries I've been to have their sections, adults go to their sections and kids go to theirs. If parents are afraid of what their children will find, keep them at home and don't let them go to the library. Do it yourself at home, then you can put whatever books and magazines you want
Should certain material be removed from the shelves of our libraries simply because it contains uncensored material? My opinion is no, not actually! Don't get me wrong now, but I'm not the kind of person who likes reading stuff like this all the time, but every once in a while there's a really good book or magazine I want to read and it's uncensored. Too bad I've been told I can't just because it says something or shows something teens shouldn't see. One of my main questions about this material is why did they allow early Roman-era statues to be shown in our history books instead of the material we hear and see every day? Half of these statues are naked people. I don't understand why this is allowed, but other materials about our times don't. We're in a period where people are open and they don't bother them to see that stuff. Yes, some of the material is not for a teenager my age, but honestly, when I walk through the halls of high school, I always hear objectionable things. Someone @MONTH1 has a problem with how offensive the material is, but if it's so offensive, why would they bother complaining or thinking about it. Yes, everyone has the right to express their opinion, but just as opinions are, that doesn't mean they are always right. The person can have an opinion, but the opinions of others may be against the opinions of others. Will this make them wrong? You never know because everyone has their own opinion and who knows whose opinion is right. Another thing I want to say is that we teenagers are learning to make our own decisions because in the near future we will be adults and have to make those choices ourselves. So let's choose whether we want to read material that contains uncensored content. It's our choice and why we can't choose it without being told we can't. I still don't understand why I read so much uncensored material. Why can't they just allow material from our library. Don't make any decisions for us because we can do it ourselves, we're learning how to be more like adults, right?
@NUM1ed Censorship by some media is a controversial topic. Whether or not a piece of material is considered offensive and should be censored is often an opinion rather than a logical objection, because it really depends entirely on how someone feels about the matter. It's too difficult for most people to stand in someone else's shoes, or to be persuaded from a point of view that differs from one's own, or even to escape public pressure to think about other things. Things can also be censored for many reasons! Sometimes they're just intentionally offensive that the writer or producer might want to censor them or appreciate controversy, or the new point or opinion is so radical and aimed at most people that it's just too different to be considered offensive. So, when does someone have the right to stop playing a song or permanently pull a book from the shelf? The first thing to consider is whether it is offensive. Sometimes people have to ask some extreme media, '@CAPS1 Are they thinking when they do this? A movie that is so vivid or violent is a good example (although the same thing could happen in a book, just with words instead of pictures). But at the same time, whether you think the unnecessary gore in the movie might just be @CAPS1, I'm glad to see it when I go to the cinema - it's all opinionated! Another interesting idea is that someone might come up with a revolutionary, radical scientific theory and write an entire novel or make a documentary explaining it all, but some might claim it's offensive to them of. However, we might study the theory ourselves without taking the slightest offense. It is understandable that people grow up in an environment with their own set of morals and principles, people will honestly believe in them, and probably stick to these basic principles throughout their lives. If you go against someone's so cherished beliefs, of course they will offend them. Does this mean that something should be censored just because it offends a few groups in the crowd? Whether or not something is to be removed from public access is up to the public's own opinion. Public opinion is created by current times, trends, ethics and ongoing issues. People get upset when something conflicts with too many things. If most people are upset about something, it may start to disappear from view. It's bad for business, and libraries have lost customers because most people no longer have the urge to read because of all the stuff you could do otherwise. Certain things make your mouth go bad, and if someone goes to the library that often happens to them, they probably won't go there again. So when it comes to censorship in libraries or anywhere, it's just a bunch of opinions. If the public doesn't like something, it will stop showing up. Certain books or other media are seeking controversy over many topics, while others are just unintentionally against certain groups of people. People's beliefs are determined by where they grew up and they stick to those things for life. If something goes against these, people are offended, and if enough people are unhappy, it's taken away
Isn't it shocking that some of the books, music, movies and magazines you find on your library shelves today are not suitable for small children? I believe that if you have to question whether the child should listen to or see the item, it shouldn't be in or around the child at all. Certain content may be offensive not only to children Some music @MONTH1 contains words that children should not be exposed to. Music like hip-hop/rap @MONTH1 contains insulting comments about men and/or women. I don't want my kids to listen to this type of music, or read any books that talk about it. Music @MONTH1 also offends culture, religion, sexuality and race. Books or music with reviews such as these should have a note on it stating what they contain. I'm reading a book called "@CAPS1 of @CAPS2" which I read in the children's section. After the first chapter, I wonder who called this a children's book. The character has been using profanity and talking about sex. My kids shouldn't be looking for a book about pie only to find it's not about pie. I used to watch a movie we brought from the library with my two year old. This movie is full of inappropriate words, so I had to close it. Movies like this shouldn't be on a library shelf for my kids to watch. I now have to worry about what we check. I've also had some bad reading experiences. A magazine is a big magazine. Some of the magazines @MONTH1 contain inappropriate images and text. Magazines should stay in the grocery store, not the library I take my kids to. If books, music, movies and magazines are intended for adults only, they should be kept away from the children's area and placed in the adult area. Any parent will tell you that they disagree with something on their local library shelf today. Objectionable content should not be found in the library at all. I now know to pay better attention to what my kids are reading.
All kids have their own style of books, and the folks at @CAPS1 love scary, funny or romantic books, but can we really take them as offensive? We should think about how taking @CAPS1's book off the shelf affects more than one person, @CAPS1's person @MONTH1 is mature enough to read more "mature" books or magazines, the library has something for everyone A variety of styles, you just might have to work harder to find the right book for you. I disagree that @CAPS1 books and/or magazines could be attacked. All libraries are different types of books, like elementary school libraries or teen books they won't grow up, and middle school won't have kids books. We must also consider whether peer pressure affects the books or magazines children read? , like when I was in middle school my friends were reading romance books and I was still reading @ORGANIZATION1, I had to change my reading style to adapt, so that's what I did. Books with offensive content should not be taken off the shelves, I believe if you have "offensive" books in your library please ignore them @CAPS2 don't have to get that book, we can't just take more adults because @CAPS1 kids @CAPS2 Not sure what they want to read. The library has a variety of different styles of books to suit everyone's taste, so just look for the one that suits you, @CAPS2 don't take all the books off the shelf that are offensive, @CAPS2 don't use it to judge a book coverage
"All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf - which is a job I hate - then You have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. Then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. - @PERSON1 If you think about it, books are an amazing way to escape everyday life. They can be anywhere Time to take a place they want to go. Imagine a world where books are a luxury or don't exist at all. I feel like if we review books it becomes a very real reality. Where would a line be drawn and say a book Not suitable for @CAPS5 or circulation. This will hinder the world because we cannot express ourselves through writing. There is so much to say. I believe the quote above is absolutely correct. If we were to review a book, everyone Everyone has the right to ban other books. Just because some books, movies and magazines are considered offensive to some people doesn't mean they should be banned by everyone. We shouldn't be based on age, race, gender or any other factor And refuse to read a book. If a person has ever been barred from doing something because of age or size, it's not a pleasant feeling. No one is necessarily going to say anything mean or hurtful, it feels like there's no particular reason for the restriction And boundaries. I've felt this way many times. I remember one time in particular. I went to @LOCATION1 with a bunch of my cousins and their friends. Because I'm the youngest, I'm also the shortest I can't ride a lot of rides there because of my size. For my personal safety, I know why these height requirements are set. It makes sense, but why should one be required to be a certain age to watch a movie or watch TV shows. Honestly, some people are more mature and grow faster than others. Everyone is different. Everyone has different personalities and different perspectives, there is no need to ban books for everyone when we are all different .One should not be ineligible to @CAPS5 a book or magazine or watch a movie. Not wanting and not going is totally different. Popular book To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 was banned in @LOCATION2 at one point just for using "n-word". This angers a lot of people especially when people think about slavery and how @CAPS3 @CAPS4 influenced and shaped who we are today. America is a great country because of @ORGANIZATION1. We need @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS5! Why should we restrict ourselves and restrict our own personal freedoms? If anything is going to be banned, I believe it's censorship
When one person has the right to do something, everyone else should have the right to do the same thing. But every once in a while, someone abuses their right to something. I believe that all books, music, movies, magazines, and everything else have the right to be on library shelves. If they are deemed offensive, they should not be removed because in almost every book that anyone reads, there is some kind of offense. I also believe that all books, music, movies, magazines and everything else has a purpose. If the purpose is good enough to post, it should have a good message worth sending to people, even if it's a little offensive. I've read a few books, watched a few movies, and listened to a few songs that were offensive even to me in a way. However, given that it has more of a purpose, and the purpose is a good message, I like the few movies and songs that most people would say is "rubbish". I don't have a lot of experience because I can say there isn't a lot of objectionable stuff, but those songs and movies were objectionable even to me, and I'm sure there's some kind of good message there. Personally, I don't think anyone should have the right to take a book, a piece of music, a magazine or anything from a library shelf. Because everything has some purpose and contains some kind of information for everyone to discover
Yes, I think they should be removed from the shelves. Some books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are exaggerated, and young children visit the library. They should have a shelf for kids, tennagers and adults. Everyone should have their own age group. Younger kids are already doing things they shouldn't be doing, like hanging out on the street and hanging out with older kids. They watch inappropriate movies when they should be watching something educational. They are now popular music that kids shouldn't listen to. This is too much curse and violence. More parents need to spend more time with their children and talk to them about these things. Tennagers should also pay attention and read something. I don't think they should be reading about killing or sex. I'd rather their parents talk to them about it and stop hiding things from them. Parents will eventually find out that you're behind closed doors, they've been through everything you're doing or trying to do now. So just talk to them and be real about things. I think they should be some magazines in the library. Young kids beat themselves because they don't look like young actors in magazines. They try to live in a hurry and be who they shouldn't be. Young ladies want big boobs and hips. Then, young people want to have big muscles and be a buff. In conclusion, I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves. There should be a shelf for younger children, territories and adults. The music playing on the radio right now shouldn't be there. Magazines should not be placed on shelves for children to take. There are certain things that Tennagers should be aware of and read.
Honestly, I think libraries should allow anything. If you think about it, there is a law called freedom of speech. This law should be the whole reason someone doesn't prohibit something as it says. Plus, in my opinion, if you find it offensive, you don't have to watch it, read it, or listen to it. I remember walking around the city and throwing the library and seeing tons of books. None of these books are really offensive. Then again, this library has more "colorful" books upstairs. For example, some adult books, etc. These books are disgusting. They shouldn't be banned, they should just be moved. In a different place, I remember walking around the library trying to find a book to help me with my schoolwork, and I saw a few kids reading some adult books and magazines. I believe these are here for advertising, however, they should be advertised in a different area than the kids and teens site. While it's nice to see some books and magazines banned, it's pretty hard to do. I don't think anything should be banned for what it says, shows or sounds like. Instead, move from one area to another. For example, instead of showing something that is accessible to young people on a lower level, show it on a higher level or behind a desk.
Have you ever found a book offensive? Many people can say yes. They may disagree with the views of the book or some of the views in the text. When this happens, people stop reading that book and other books in the same category. If certain material is found to offend certain people, it should not be removed from the shelf. Everyone has an opinion, what's left without a book? At my public library, citizens of my city can request that certain books, movies, music, or magazines be put on the shelf. We're lucky to have this because if someone can't afford certain books, they can always rely on the library. Many people are very grateful for this system. What happens if someone in the library doesn't want to order certain books that citizens demand because they find them objectionable? More people will stop going to the library because there is no material that piques their interest. Everyone has their own opinion. Just because a person disapproves of a book doesn't mean the book shouldn't be available in the library. Public libraries have thousands of books on display, which doesn't mean you have to read them all. There are also many different types of novels, movies, music and magazines. Everyone has different types of interests. Would life be boring if people all liked the same things? In conclusion, certain materials should not be removed from library shelves because they have been found to offend certain people. Everyone has their own opinion. If a book is requested and someone thinks it has a problem, the book should remain in the library. There are many different types of books, music, movies and magazines. Imagine if the library didn't have a certain type of novel you liked, would you keep going?
I don't think libraries should remove material from their shelves, even if it's offensive. Libraries should not remove objectionable material because even though it may offend some people, others may still want to learn about the subject. For example @CAPS1 doesn't like @CAPS2. In some books it has something offensive about @CAPS2, stated by @CAPS4. Some @CAPS2 may take this offensive, but others from different races or religions may want to know what was said. Just because people read it doesn't mean everyone will agree with it. People may have their own opinions and no one has the right to tell a person what they can or don't like. If censorship starts happening in libraries or other parts of the community, I think people will get angry and probably face bigger problems than some people are offended by their material. They may think they are being told what they can or cannot read, listen to or believe. It's going to be a bigger conflict and a lot of people will be furious. I think it would be simpler if the library had material on the shelves and those who are offended by what they have should ignore it because why would they read or listen to something if it only makes them angry? They may be offended by what a person says, but who cares, not everyone thinks or agrees with what was said. It's just a person's opinion, let them be them, stick to your opinion of yourself and your beliefs. Not everyone is right and perfect, be yourself
Materials should not be removed from the library. It should be up to one person to decide what to watch or what to watch. Books, music, movies, etc. are materials that everyone uses, and for some people libraries provide a safe haven where they only have access to these things and nowhere else, so shouldn't try Take any of these things any body from there. One reason certain materials should not be removed from library shelves is that there will always be topics that shouldn't be seen with a lot of people arguing about, and there will always be other people who feel differently. If we allow them to be taken away, you will only take away one's own choice, something we should all strive not to do. Who else decides which materials should and should not be removed? Is there really one person who can make such a choice for all? Again, everyone can't agree on what material should be removed, so by trying, you're just giving everyone more to argue with. I believe, if not everyone can be satisfied, why bother. Another reason why certain materials should not be removed from libraries is that removing certain materials would interfere with education. Books, movies, and other similar things are used to learn, even if people realize it or not, the more opportunities one has to learn, the better. Who are we to decide what a person decides to educate themselves? In fact, there have been times in history when some people in charge made the mistake of thinking that the public should not be educated or informed about certain things, which was wrong then and is even more wrong now in our modern society. A society based on learning and knowledge, a society that should not hinder one's ability to learn. I also realize that some of @MONTH1 think that it's better for young kids not to check out certain materials, but that's where parents come in. It is their responsibility to decide what their children read or see, not anyone else. Therefore, there is no reason for anyone to interfere with a parent's choice, as long as it complies with the law. This is why I don't think libraries should be allowed to decide which materials and topics to put on their shelves. No one can please everyone and be right about certain decisions. So it's best to keep these things to yourself.
I don't trust certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Should be removed unless it has nudity or a lot of expletives in the book. Because some books and movies are not suitable for small children. But I think we should have anything, teach you something in the lab. Plus people have to do reports and homework on some books, and if it's about something with a bit of curse and a bit of graphics, that should be fine. I think if the library has these kinds of books, movies, music and magazines, if you get to a certain age, or there's a teacher saying you need that book, or some kind of rule that lets you choose any genre, they should let you book, But with permission. If the library has more and better books, more people will go to the library. Because most of the things people like are in books or movies that are not in the library. So it just depends on the situation. There's a lot of objectionable stuff out there, that doesn't mean you can stay away from people. They'll find out sooner or later anyway. I think it's unnecessary for the library to do this. I always hate me trying to get something when you find out you have to be @NUM1 or older or have an adult with you. Plus some people don't have a computer and don't have an extra network, so they can't find things easily. They have to drive to the library to find something, and if you're lucky, they might find what you're looking for in the library, but if they don't, too bad. So that's my take on the offensive stuff on the shelf.
People think that censorship is important in libraries. They think that if they have a bad topic, they shouldn't post. They feel like it's sending a bad message to kids and teaching them to do and say terrible things. I don't agree with them and here's why. I don't think books/music/movies/magazines should be taken off the shelves because of the swear words in them, and I think they should continue to sell them even if they have swear words in them. I feel this way because there are so many horrible things in this world. Kids have to learn this, I don't think curses or anything on the subject is a big deal, there's more to worry about than just a few bad words kids read and listen to. I listen to music with swear words in it and I read books with bad words in it and it doesn't affect me in any way. So we shouldn't always try to control everyone, we should put them on the shelf and let them or the parents out there decide if it's inappropriate. In conclusion, again I feel they should be on the shelf and should allow people to listen/read whatever they want. If it doesn't hurt anyone or themselves, let it keep happening. let them do what they want
Dear @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3 It @MONTH1 concerns; I am writing to you to explain that @MONTH1 students are tired of students at their school not returning books to their school library. Many students reported a book that a classmate did not return. Many students either forget they have a book or are even overdue. So it's difficult for students trying to do presentations. If books, music, magazines, etc. are not returned, people should be punished more than just paying overdue fees. I have a lot of students who don't want to hand over the book. The junior class in our high school has a term paper, and we need books, newspapers, the Internet, and magazines. Fortunately, the upperclassmen turned in all the books, newspapers, internet, magazines, etc. they used in their term papers, and we lowerclassmen were able to succeed in term papers. But many juniors still haven't returned the materials they used, and teachers have asked them for overdue fees or have to pay for lost materials. I don't see that having to pay overdue fees and/or having to pay for missing materials doesn't bother them. Even if the teacher makes them pay, the future class will have to struggle and go out and buy books, magazines, etc. The class that has to take @CAPS4 @NUM1 and finish term paper @MONTH1 next year can't make it. They have to worry about success and completion material required for term papers, which is not fair. I guess if the school finds time to get the parnets involved. They won't have so many students who don't follow the rules. Students think that their teachers can't tell them what to do, so if their parents are involes, they may be instructed to turn in their books, magazines, etc. All in all, if someone wants to pick up a book, they should get a lot of them information and their school name. If people don't return their books, they want anything for others to use. So I say everyone has the right to take risks with books, music, movie magazines, etc. Try to remember to give them back to other students as well.
No, I don't think certain material should be removed from library shelves if it is found to be objectionable. You have the right to read what you see or move on and read what you want to read. Certain books, movies, magazines, etc. shouldn't be removed just because others don't like it. If people of a certain faith see something that offends them or their religious beliefs, then they can choose not to read it or not to watch it. What some people may find offensive may be interesting to others, or they may have to report or project about it. There is no need to discriminate against a book or a movie just because a religious group or individual disapproves. This is a public library that presents materials to the public! Anyone and everyone can come and read whatever they like. The library is open to the public, which means that people of different races, creeds, religions, etc. will go through the library and they may see something objectionable or something they don't like. They can choose to pick it up and read it, or they can choose not to notice it and ignore it. Their choice is to either let other people's opinions really bother them, or not let their opinions matter at all and get on with their own business. People have to be strong enough to rise above all negativity and keep doing their thing and keep believing what they believe. It doesn't matter if someone hates or hates you or your personal. Just ignore them. I know you think public libraries should be censored, but that's unfair to people who might be offended but don't have to read it if they don't want to. They need to know that in life there will always be people who don't like it. Even @MONTH1 people who make hurtful or hateful comments about you. Learn to be strong and stand taller in your beliefs and don't let haters or other people's opinions get you down
I don't think a book should be taken off the shelf just because it's objectionable or because other people don't like it. If everyone took the books, music, and movies they didn't like off their shelves, all that would be left would be empty shelves. I believe libraries have the right to keep whatever they want on their shelves. Some @MONTH1 say the library has inappropriate books to check out, or that they don't want their kids to pick up books they don't like to read. I think that's why library shelves are marked with different sections such as Adults, Young People, Children and References. I've never seen a book in the library that offended me, which brings me to another point. Everyone has an opinion, and if a book offends you, it probably won't offend anyone else. For example, let's say you see a book about animal mating, and you think it's a bad book for the library because small children might pick it up. Well, that's your opinion, because if a biology teacher has seen a book like this, they probably want to check it out. Another thing is that the library has certain books for a reason. Suppose there is a book in the library about slavery, this book may offend @CAPS1 @CAPS2, however, this book is for telling people about slavery. Offensive to some, not offensive to others. All in all, I don't think a book should be taken off a library shelf just because it offends you. Everyone just has to remember that people have their own opinion on things and you just have to deal with it. This is why I don't think books should be taken off the shelves
Some people in the world may be offended by all kinds of literature, movies, music, etc. I understand this, but I don't think they should be banned just because other people disagree. Others might like it if given the chance, or they might like it themselves. Before you say you don't like something, maybe you should give it a chance. Maybe try reading a few pages of a book you've heard of. Watch at least an episode or two of a TV show. Before you make a final decision on something, give it a chance. Some people don't use certain media because it goes against their beliefs. If this is the case then please ignore it. If you don't like a certain type of music, don't listen. Maybe it's a movie you don't particularly like, so don't watch it. In conclusion, people should learn to give some things a chance. Nor should they get rid of it just because they themselves don't like it or find it offensive. That said, I don't think certain media should be banned.
Writing essays in public school libraries can be difficult for many students. Getting the necessary information is like looking for a needle in a haystack. This is not due to lack of funding or even the quality of faculty and staff. None of these issues is why many students fail to write thought-provoking essays and analyses on countless topics. This is due to the extreme polarization of censorship in libraries and schools. Many of the relevant topics and materials needed to truly understand our changing world are being taken away from those who will continue to lead this new world. Some prime examples of this intellectual tyranny are the removal of books like @PERSON1, @PERSON2, @CAPS1 and many other classics. According to many parents, each of these was removed from our library for good reason. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 promotes discrimination and racial supremacy, while being written by @CAPS3 as one of the most vile creatures of humanity. @PERSON2 uses issues of race that are not appropriate for our young children to grasp. @CAPS1 violates the separation of church and state. Many other classics refer to racism, drugs, murder, sex, and the use of rampant blasphemy. All of these are valid reasons why parent @MONTH1 is advocating for a review of our library. These reasons, and the meaning of @MONTH1, are no longer valid enough in today's changing environment. Many of the books suggested for deletion present us with an unfiltered view of time periods from the perspective of the "winners" who are not social struggles. As we know, '@CAPS3 was written by the winner. @CAPS4 Glad that @CAPS5 won @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and helped abolish slavery, it's important to recognize that we still can't remove perspectives from our knowledge centers. To forget is to remember at another time. That's when we make the same mistakes again. For naive parents who also want to save their children by banning library books need to realize that the media has been indoctrinating their children with these banned books compared to books. To censor our libraries is to deprive our children of the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowy and fragmented world. Just because we try to close our eyes to the realities of the world doesn't mean they don't exist. It is better to see with your own eyes than to blindly follow ignorance into the world
Should objectionable material be removed from the library? I don't think so, and there are many reasons why I disagree with this idea. Many books, movies, and magazines are not meant to offend people, but just to let readers know how the author feels. I think books, movies, magazines, etc. should stay on the shelves because if they are removed, what are we left with? It seems that all that's left is a dictionary. I think Kathryn Patterson made a big mistake when she said "the child or any other child is off the shelf". So what seems to be offensive to people? Topics like gossip and politics are a gold mine for authors in @DATE1. However, it has been found that these topics may be offended due to the person's background. If someone finds reading objectionable, then they should stop reading, that's all. Instead, people are going to bash that magazine or whatever they read and what it forbids others to read. Readers can choose to read whatever they want and move on with their lives if they don't agree with the topic. In the library, I see many people of different shapes and sizes walking through the door every day. Many of them like different topics than others, so it's normal to find that everyone is reading on a different topic. There are definitely people here and there who don't like the author, but never decide to go crazy for it. Instead, they just go and choose different readings to enjoy themselves. People read what they wanted to read so they could enjoy it, not bash his writing. In my own reading, I sometimes find things that I disagree with. Instead of digging into it and getting excited about it, I chose to think about where the author came from and try to understand his side. On the other hand, there are films that are only suitable for one type of audience, while another audience sees the material. This still shouldn't get any material banned by the movie or library. When the box says it's suitable for teens and up, it means it's not suitable for four-year-olds, and their parents will get mad at them for it. If people follow what's said on the box and follow the guidelines, there's no problem. I disagree with @PERSON2 saying that some books, magazines, movies, etc. should be removed from the library. People have the right to read and view whatever they want, and if they don't agree, they should deal with it. In my own experience, I haven't found a problem with my community library where people want content removed. Once people start following the guidelines and reading the boxes and still disagree, then maybe there will be something. But until then, we should keep our national library the way it is today
Today, there is considerable debate as to whether certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from library shelves if they are found to be objectionable. Many arguments may come from someone's own experience, observation and/or reading. I've read a lot of people's concerns about the @CAPS1 issue, and there are valid points from both sides of the story. No matter what you think about the @CAPS1 question, there will always be people against it. You'll see censorship of offensive language on TV, but here's my take on whether censorship should affect books, music, movies, magazines, etc. The first thing I want to make about censorship is that people all over the world are exposed to what they @MONTH1 find objectionable. When children are old enough to understand what other people are saying, they are exposed to things that they offended at some point in their lives. I know from my own personal experience that you see things that people think should be censored. Although I come from a religious family that doesn't like to offend anyone, I've grown up realizing that not everything in life will always go your way. When you think about it honestly, you can't censor what you hear firsthand, so why censor something in some material? The second point I want to make about censorship is that no matter how hard you try to censor certain material, people will still find a way to attack something. Some things in life are beyond your control, and being insulted or offended is one of them. Even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice. This is not an attempt to censor every little thing that @MONTH1 offends some people. Maybe it's about people learning to deal with a little criticism. All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didnt take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf  work I hate  then you have too Same rights, others have. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 is a famous quote by Katherine Paterson. Pretty much every book you find on the shelf is well written Good books all have something that should be censored. What would these books be without these statements? To end the @CAPS1 debate on censorship, a lot of arguments have been made about censorship. Many different people have done it Many observations, personal experiences and/or readings. The truth is, there will always be people who disagree on the @CAPS1 topic, but that's the way it is. We @MONTH1 never know who is actually right or wrong about the @CAPS1 topic. We do know, though, from the points above that if some material is found to be objectionable, it is unlikely to be removed from the shelf.
Have you ever thought about entertaining your @CAPS1 without movies or music? @CAPS1 No books or magazines to read to keep you updated on gossip and fashion? Well, if viewing or reading items is banned, then @CAPS1 will have no creativity, soon there will be no books or magazines to read, no music to listen to, no movies to watch, and you won't be able to express yourself or your opinion. If some material is found objectionable, I don't think it should be removed from the shelf. If @CAPS1 does not have certain materials, there is no creativity. Everyone will be forced to think the same if they can't understand other thoughts that are considered offensive. If banned, no one can read a subject they are interested in, which will prevent people from thinking differently and thus stop creative thinking. In the process of deciding which books are offensive and which are not, all books end up being eliminated. Certain topics aren't to everyone's liking, as Kathryn Patterson said, '...if I had the right to delete that book...so would everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. Patterson is absolutely right. If one person has the right to delete a book, then everyone has the right, which will cause everyone to delete the book they really dislike. Also, everyone likes different kinds of books and different topics, which leads to less self-expression, because if someone doesn't like a book about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 because they think it's offensive to @CAPS4, then no Books about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 are on the shelf for anyone to know. Everyone becomes the same if they can't express themselves or their opinions. If a topic is banned because it is found to be offensive, that will result in the idea being banned. If you can't read or watch a subject, then you shouldn't think or talk about it either because you'll offend someone. Also, if people can pick and choose books in the library, that will eventually move to other areas, like clothes, food, ideas, etc. Eventually everyone will wear the same clothes, eat the same food, and think the same things. If certain materials are found to be objectionable, I don't think they should be wiped off the shelves. If specific materials are banned: creativity will disappear from our lives, eventually all materials will be banned and we will all be the same due to lack of self-expression. If you've never imagined @CAPS1 without books, action, music, or magazines; I hope you've seen how brutal and boring @CAPS1 would be without all these materials.
Anyone has the right to get anything. Free speech; see what they like; etc. Censorship of the media depends. People who like this kind of stuff can go to a place where they can buy censored and non-censored items. Books, CDs, video games, etc. are censored everywhere these days. But they also have uncensored items. For those parents or people who disagree with what is shown on the shelf. Also on @CAPS1 where parents complain about content on @CAPS1, there is also a channel button where you can change the channel. Even with today's technology, you can prevent the channel from being viewed. No one ever said they had to buy what the person in front of you was buying. People have the right to choose what they want to buy, whether it's censored or not. You can say or do whatever you want, as long as it complies with the law. It all depends on your style and what you want your child to see. @CAPS3, @CAPS3. It's not easy to keep kids away from the fads of new technology. They go to a friend's house and the kid's parents don't care and let the kid watch anything @CAPS4-@CAPS5 rated. The most you let your kids watch is @NUM1. It's hard to keep kids away from things you don't want them to see. But what one has to realize is that there will always be one way or the other. A sheltered child would also go to extremes to find something on the other side of the tracks to taste the water and see what they missed. Childeren will be childeren, they will sneak behind your back and do what they want because they don't know what it's like from the beginning. Anyone has the right to own anything and as a person you choose not to allow your child to have a @NUM2 year old rated game, but his @NUM3 year old friend does have it. Remember he was going to play at his friend's house. Everyone has a different taste in censorship. Some people think everything should be a little cleaner, others think differently. So, thanks to both parties, the store sells you what you like.
@CAPS1 is freedom of speech to read, be correct and listen to whatever you want under certain conditions. I think all books should be on the shelf aloud. Like I said, as Americans, we have the freedom to do and say how we feel about something without worrying about what's going to happen. But we should also consider what we're doing and saying, and if there's a problem or hurting someone. We should have proper ownership of our mistakes. But I do agree that some books should be taken off the shelves if they provide the idea that our ideas have brought down our country. Like drugs and alachol books from terrorist groups should be removed so we don't tug on our young minds. Our youth today are greatly influenced by the music we listen to, the books we read and the television we watch. From these things @CAPS1 shows us how to act, dress, feel and treat others @CAPS1 is free speech, but say the right things and be careful what you say because one day @CAPS1 will affect you.
People shouldn't take all their books out to the library. Because other people might like to read those books too. If people start taking books out, all books will disappear. So that means there are no books anywhere for people to read. So that's why there should be a law that you can only publish one book at a given time. This will help keep all books in the library. So if people just start talking about the book for the library, there won't be any books in the library to check out. So there needs to be a law that you can view a lot of books at once. and how long you can own these books. If you do not bring the book back within a certain time, you will be charged. Every day you come in without a book, the amount increases. Also, if you don't pay the bill, you won't be able to view the books until you pay the amount. So it's a good idea for people not to steal or take away books. Books, movies and magazines about the library. All books, movies and magazines should remain on the shelf. Because if you take out one, you should take them all out. Because everyone needs to see this stuff in their lives, even if it has something bad like a movie or a magazine, it should stay on the shelf. So if a book, magazine or movie goes down, all of them need to go down. Just because it doesn't work for the authors out there because they need time to do everything they do. If you drive them crazy, then stop making books for me and you. So that's what I think you should do if you're trying to get a book off a library shelf. But if it really sucks, you should take that book, movie and magazine off the shelf in the library or wherever they sell it.
I think all uncensored books, movies, music and magazines in the library should be taken off the shelves and put in a room in the library and tagged @CAPS1 @CAPS2. At most libraries kids who go into the library have a dedicated space for kids to read, but when kids go with their parents or older people, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 they don't know they're reading Just grab a random copy from the bookshelf and/or shelf. Some @MONTH1 think it shouldn't because they're tired of possibly seeing them in small rooms marked @CAPS1 @CAPS2. However, if you don't want anyone to see you enter that room, you simply don't go in. So by segregating @CAPS1 books, magazines, videos, etc., you prevent kids from just picking up any books that contain uncensored images or grabbing videos that parents @MONTH1 don't watch and end up being @CAPS1 movies and then kids may Want to keep seeing stuff like this, when he hits puberty he'll crave sex with a boy/girl. Having said that, I hope you can see how my idea of separating the @CAPS1 stuff keeps them away from the @CAPS1 stuff and prevents them from having sex when they're thirteen. As far as music is concerned, there really is no way to completely stop kids from listening to music with vulgar language like rap and sometimes talking about sex and drugs, kids think the song was made by the artist who wrote it to be a big shot, They do drugs and have sex and see how it turns out. In my opinion, the best way to stop kids from hearing singing is for their parents to keep them from listening when they're with them. However, other music like @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and @CAPS7 and even hip hop rarely mention the theme of rap music. I can also argue that parents should pay attention to their children to understand the consequences of certain actions they take for these reasons and they should take action to discipline their children for their behavior
'@CAPS1' @CAPS2 Say that word! That's what I told my brother one afternoon after reading the cover of a magazine in the library. Personally, I advocate not swearing. My brothers, however, are influenced by things like the media to speak out. Should we allow the media to spread such words in magazines and books? Or should the items containing these things be removed from the library's shelf unit? Magazines are one of many ways we get the latest gossip about the funniest scandals. They also attract many people all over the world. Most of these people are @DATE1's age. Libraries most often put magazines on their shelves so that they can attract some adult patrons. Much of the magazine's content is pictures of women or men in half-length clothing, and explicit language on the cover these days. Should this be the new normal? I @CAPS1' @CAPS2 think so. I like to read. I personally think it's better to read @DATE1 sitting on the couch watching the brain numb @CAPS2.V. However, some book material has become where other words are curse words. Or they contain degrading scenes that no one should read. In the past, people read books to learn new things, or to open up your heart to a new culture or information. In this day and age, however, finding a good book like a classic can seem difficult. It seems like day by day, we are replacing the author's magic vocabulary with common words that anyone can use. Replacing such books on the shelf with anyone can read is '@CAPS2 right. Even @CAPS2 should be allowed. For electronic devices like @NUM1 players, most of the music comes from online sites where you buy songs directly. Most parents @CAPS1' @CAPS2 know half of the songs their kids buy, especially when they @CAPS1' @CAPS2 buy them at home. With the internet in many libraries, kids can plug in their devices and buy songs with offensive language or graphic material without anyone knowing. Why are @CAPS1' @CAPS2 librarians imposing restrictions on sites? The answer is they can' @CAPS2. And, even if they do, kids will find ways to get around these restrictions. So, I personally think they should remove the availability of being able to download and buy music in the library. Or take out horrible language in a song. Because the language they use is not required. While times are changing and things are different than they were in the past, with a little help we can bring it back to what it was before. Children's use of this dirty language is an issue that needs to be taken seriously. From my own experience, I know this is a growing problem. But maybe if we do a review of the library then some or most of the problems will go away. From magazine articles, books, and even songs, explicit language and graphic scenes are found almost everywhere. So, speak up and talk to someone about the idea. it may have just started a revolution
Everyone has a different opinion on censorship. Some people don't like books and movies with profanity in them, but some people @MONTH1. There are people @MONTH1 who like scary mystery books and movies, but others @MONTH1 don't. I think all movies, music and books are acceptable. I can understand why some people @MONTH1 want to remove some movies or books from the library. They want to do it because they are inappropriate, but the thing is, they are not inappropriate for everyone. A lot of people like books and movies with profanity in them because it brings out the truth in the book. I personally think some magazines need to stop making. For example; @CAPS1 magazine is horrible to me. There was nothing in it but naked women. I say that women don't respect themselves enough to cover up, but there are other opinions. Others @MONTH1 think how women look in magazines is creative and beautiful, and it's not just magazines, it's movies. More and more films are promoting sex and drugs in their films. Everyone has their own opinion on censorship and everyone can't get what they want. I think if you are offended by a movie, music lyrics, book or magazine please don't read or watch
Should something be removed from your public library? Not everyone has the same opinion. @MONTH1 may be offensive to you, pleasant to others. Personally I don't think anything should be removed from the library just because you might not like something that someone really likes. If you don't want to know about something, you shouldn't take it from other people. I think if they do start taking things off library shelves, they should still be allowed to see it for those who want it. Even if you just put them away it's better than taking them out of the library entirely. With more and more books being banned every day, I personally think it's unfair to the growing generation who can't enjoy what the older generation had. So I don't think any books should be removed from the library. If you don't believe or enjoy something it doesn't mean others won't
What is appropriate in a library these days? Different people at @LOCATION1 have different opinions. Censorship in public libraries has shifted, but school libraries are still strictly prohibited. Personally, I think there is a difference between vulgar and inappropriate items in a public library versus a school library. A public library is a place where anyone, anywhere, can come and find something that interests them. Everyone is known to be different and have their own interests, so they should be able to find books, music, etc. for them. The question is, how do libraries keep these uncensored items out of children's hands? The answer should be simple. Thinking about it, maybe all public libraries should be divided into sections, each with its own theme. These different sections may include children, @CAPS1 and many more different titles. This setting is often used in well-known bookstores and libraries, such as "@CAPS2 and @CAPS3" and "@CAPS4". In general, public libraries do not need to be as scrutinized as school libraries. School libraries are a completely different idea. School libraries are designed to help students achieve academic success and nothing more. However, I also think that the content of the school library also depends on the maturity of the students. For example, elementary and middle school libraries should have stricter scrutiny than high school libraries. High school students should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge spectacle, as we all know younger students do. I've witnessed some so-called "inappropriate" books on the shelves of my high school library, but the readers of this book have read it maturely. I believe some objectionable and vulgar items can be fun and educational. It's all part of growing up. Censorship in our libraries today varies from library to library. School libraries and public libraries are entirely different places for literary and media content. I think it's a personal decision of a person to decide which library to go to. If families with children want to go to the library, parents need to choose a suitable area in the building to find their children. So there should be no problem flipping through a "bad" book. Author @PERSON1 said, "All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf...then we don't have anyone's book on the shelf.
Authors should be the judges on whether they want books there to be censored. I believe libraries should not come up with books with offensive language. If the author liked the way it was originally made, then this is how they wanted to present it. This will take away the rights in @CAPS1. If you're going to write a book, someone says you can't say a certain word. It is not up to the public to decide. It's almost like rewriting history. It's like someone took out a word in @ORGANIZATION1. If any words are changed, it is incorrect @ORGANIZATION1. It just changes the whole theme. You cannot rewrite what is written. Public opinion began to take over the world. Instead of letting the fact be the fact that people want to adjust things to be less offensive. Next thing you know there will be an alternative to slavery. Slavery is a strong and bold word for something terrible. If someone changed that word, it could cause it to happen again. I say wholeheartedly that people need to respect what has been written and leave it as it is or not read it
First, do you think that certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if you find them objectionable, is a question that should never be asked in life. Why because there are a lot of people out there who read what you read and listen to what you might not like at all. When I first saw this question, my answer to myself was, "The world would be boring if everyone thought the same way, and I answered this question by saying that no books should be deleted or deleted from anywhere Music Shelf' why because we all don't like the same things or do the same things. First of all, I know people have a lot of different things because they like to do them and some people don't because they really don't like or don't care. This is answering a question about removing books, music or magazines from the shelf, even if the book, music, etc. article says so, or if it offends other people, it's not a reason to remove something. Some things you like to do, some things You like to read and listen and see etc., other people don't like or hate it. Secondly, not only because you don't like people should stop doing those things or stop buying those things, no!, that's not the case with @CAPS1. Or @ CAPS2. You should not only care about you or do whatever is right for you. If you are a good person and want to be a person in the future, don't only care about you but also about others because in the future when you fall, you will need that person or those books .In my conclusion, about this article.I don't think people should remove anything from any library that helps other people in life do what they really want to do, even if it is found to offend other people things, and others will be hurt by the offensive stuff written on it. There is very little on paper. Hope the latter will help you think and change your decision on this case, hope you all make the right decision, generally not Affects anyone. Thanks for taking the time to prepare my real thoughts on removing articles from the library
One person's strong negative opinion affects others. This seems illogical and unfair. Libraries are sanctuaries for people to read their favorite books for free, and they contain books of all genres. Everyone in the library has a book; it's a matter of finding it. Therefore, finding a book objectionable or inappropriate does not entitle one person to deprive others of the privilege. Books have a way of relaxing us, whether it's because it's an escape, or a measure of the joy of reading. Books that are offensive to one person can have a completely different impact on the next reader; some @MONTH1 even find the books relevant. For example, if one reader thinks a scene is too vivid or scary for other readers, someone @MONTH1 will find the scene funny because they can relate to it. People who can't relate to a scene like this just see it as inappropriate and try to remove it from the purview of others. One person's opinion is not more important than the next person's opinion. The book @CAPS1 is a professionally written fictional novel that has been praised for its quality and has won numerous awards. Although, the book contains rape scenes and many other inappropriate incidents that this woman succumbed to throughout her life. Even so, it's still on the suggested college-level reading list for @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 courses. It's disappointing that these days people focus on graphic scenes in fiction rather than a particular writing style. If all readers were able to see the surface from these scenes, fewer books would be considered when removing the shelves. One person's negative interpretation of a novel affects others' rights with regard to library censorship. Readers are warned well in advance of the maturity of the content. The books are ranked, reviewed, summarized (back cover summaries), and even categorized in libraries. If you find a book objectionable, look at the different sections. For this reason, books are also categorized by genre. Different genres attract different people. This also applies to reader maturity. Books are categorized according to what age they appeal to. If you find a book objectionable, rather than removing it from your shelves entirely, check out the section for young people, or a completely different genre. If anyone finds the book objectionable, the problem isn't that the book is there, it's that the people are in the wrong parts. The main issue in library book review is not content, but explaining how to differentiate these. On this issue, other readers' perceptions of particular books being removed are grossly ignored. One person complaining about the contents of a book automatically gives others the right to protect the contents of that book. Removal of books by library in order of review is considered favoritism and a complete violation of the rights represented by @LOCATION1
Do you think some materials should not be allowed into the library? Censorship of libraries is a sensitive topic. Many people with young children believe that some books should not be allowed in libraries, while others believe that because it's a book, it should be allowed in libraries anyway. Who knows, someone @MONTH1 needs to write a paper on that "sensitive" book. I personally think that as long as the book is in the right section, it's fine for a person of the right age to be able to get that book or other material. The library should have a certain area for children's books and another area for adult or teen reading or material. That way, it's less likely that a young child will end up with a book that contains adult or teenage material. The library in the town where I live has a clearly marked area for kids and teens. That way, young kids aren't looking for their favorite books, not books that many adults shouldn't even read. Libraries can also set age restrictions on materials if people are concerned that the people reading or viewing the materials are too young. In this way, the material cannot be obtained by anyone under the age limit. However, persons of the appropriate age will be able to obtain the material. Libraries are very important learning resources in the lives of many people. If people don't have a library, they @MONTH1 can't work on the paper or whatever they need to do. I feel like if people don't like the material they see at their local library, then they shouldn't be looking at it or borrowing material from the library. However, I do believe that little children should not be given the slightest chance to read a book with disturbing material. In my opinion, there needs to be a room with the aforementioned materials that the kids absolutely cannot use. That way, kids can't access the material, but they can still access the library without their parents feeling like the kids @MONTH1 saw something that wasn't right for them. I feel like those who enjoy reading should be able to walk into a library and not be afraid to see a book with material they don't think is appropriate. I also feel that if I need to research something that is considered offensive by others, I should be able to research my subject in some way. Also, if I'm the author of a book called "bad", I don't want my book to be taken away so that no one can read it, or study and learn from it. I don't think censorship is something people should take lightly. We all have freedom of speech, so why not give authors of material the same freedom. There are steps parents and those who do not want to see the literature can take. I don't think a full review will open people's minds. As long as people sue, there is no need to conduct a comprehensive review of the materials, and some people have spent a lot of effort to let everyone see
Libraries shouldn't take it off the shelf just because someone doesn't like it or find it objectionable. If there is a group of people who are interested in a book and want to read more of it, they will love to tell a new person. Then, if another student decides they don't like the book and they don't want others to read it because they find it offensive, then I really believe it shouldn't be taken off the shelves. If everyone found the book objectionable, I think it would be different, but if only one or two people were complaining, then I don't think they should take it down and ruin it for everyone else. It's just a book that students should know because just because it's there doesn't mean it's for them. I think they should ignore it. It's great if you play some music, dance around, and have fun with it. Now if a song has curses and talks about drugs or something, don't play it in the school system or around people @MONTH1 who are religious or against that kind of thing because they @MONTH1 don't like it and think you Like that kind of stuff. They probably don't want as much as you. Show them respect and play something everyone can have fun with. So if the library has this type of music, you should monitor who checks it out. Movies are also something you have to pay attention to. Movies already have ratings, so this method helps people check them out and make sure the movie is safe to watch. If you get the movie from the library, I think it's already watched by adults there to make sure it's watchable by students or children. I don't want my little siblings to see things they don't need to see or hear. You have to keep an eye out for magazines too. You want a magazine that is fun and clean. Kids @MONTH1 don't know what's good or bad, but you still have teens. You don't want your child to see nudity, swearing or drugs in any magazine. If I go into a library and see this sort of thing in a magazine, I suggest you take it off the shelf. I would only advise kids to have a healthy idea of things. I don't want them thinking about doing the bad things they see in magazines. I'm just thinking about their safety. The library @MONTH1 always needs advice. They need to keep an eye on things and make sure everything is clean so that everyone can look, read or watch. I'm glad we have these safety ideas for kids. I hope everyone is paying attention to these kinds of things. I know if I had kids, I would want them to surround themselves with what they understand and know, nothing bad and harmful. So thanks for libraries that care about this kind of thing
People @CAPS1 Attack on Libraries I think libraries are sometimes offensive, but not always. It all depends on people's different beliefs and their cultures. I can see that some things in the library are very objectionable and some things are not. I'm sure parents are more offended by stuff in the library because they don't want their kids to experience stuff that is not their age. Movies in library @MONTH1 are distasteful because if parents rent a movie for their kids, then go home and put it in @CAPS2. Movies that then found out they weren't children's movies ended up being adult movies. Parents who don't want their children to see something out of place should not serve their children's age. One way to deal with this is to keep an eye on their kids and make sure they don't go anywhere but the kids zone. If parents really insist on doing this, this could solve a lot of problems. Some parents raise their children as they wish. Parents or parents also teach their children that they do not need to go to any other area unless otherwise instructed by their parents. I do get mad sometimes when I go to the library because some of them think it's just for fun and not fun for any purpose. They talk a lot about it, and I don't like it when people do it because it makes you feel like the library is not the place you want to be. If I were someone offended by something on a library shelf, I would throw it away without noticing it. But some people will tell library operators that this thing on their shelves is very offensive to me and bothers me. If for some reason I have a problem with the library, I will complain. Because complaining is likely to make a difference. Conversely, it won't be done or changed without saying anything, so it doesn't offend anyone. I'll let them know how I feel about a product in the library in a soft, calm way. When you complain about something, you might as well complain in a good way, because if you do, the person you are complaining about will respond well. I know everyone is different and feel the same about everything. But one thing is for sure, move on with your life and don't let simple things about library products offend or bother you. If there is a question or an image that offends you is ignored, you will no longer be able to go to the library. There are many ways to handle a situation like this, here's how you handle it. One way is to respect others, @MONTH1 respect others. Your attitude has a lot to do with telling someone that something offends you. If you can't get anywhere that way, forget it and move on
I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed because they are objectionable. Some books, movies and concerts offend everyone, and if we take them all, we'll have nothing. There is no reason for this. That's why I say we don't take objectionable material. For one, if we took all the objectionable material off the shelves, they would be empty. As well as the library, movie store and everything else. If something like a book or movie offends you, I'll feel sorry for you anyway, but just drop it and don't worry. Second, I don't think we should take objectionable material off the shelves because of what they mean to us. They show us good and bad, right and wrong, and that's what books are for. Books are important to the world, as are movies and magazines, etc. But more for some than others. You can't get mad at a book or a movie, so learn from them. For example, suppose we did take all the objectionable material, what would that do? Will it make the word better? I do not think so. I think we need something like this on Earth to show and teach us how to be human. To educate and provide information. In conclusion, I don't think objectionable material should be removed. We will have nothing, libraries, movie stores and books will be empty. We also have considerable misunderstandings about life. So we shouldn't take objectionable material off the shelves
There are only a few things in this world that our children should not be exposed to. I believe that media such as music, magazines, and movies set high standards for individuals in our society. I strongly disagree with the media's perception of how we look and live. The library is where most kids go to feed their imaginations with colorful moral books; but it's also where adults unleash their work spirit and escape many of life's responsibilities. Most kids from @NUM1 to @NUM2 are curious about the adult world and seek answers. Now the library is not a place where children can receive adult information, right? Incorrect! The library shelves are open to all. It is also very easy for a child to go down the wrong path to gain innocence. Some parents in society believe that their community is the perfect harmless environment to raise their children. Few parents know that this is a very uncensored world, and children can always know it exists. The media draws attention to attract our children. We have to look at what we let our children see, hear and read. For example, a girl in a magazine recently had nose surgery because her nose was too big, and she's telling your eight-year-old daughter the idea. She believes she can have surgery to fix the big nose her kids at school make fun of. Maybe your son listens to rap or rock music that condone the use of violence, drugs, and alcohol. He'll think it's okay to fight other kids at school or curse the teacher. Alternatively, a movie with a sex scene can give your child the idea of going out and practicing what's being taught. There should be no image in our society that our children should strive to maintain. We should teach our children to better explore life through the wonderful adventures of @PERSON1's "@ORGANIZATION1" or through the wonderful adventures of "@ORGANIZATION2's @CAPS1". Parents should feed their children's "imagination," not their "image." Our children's lives are supposed to be fun, knowledge, and life experiences; but not everything on the shelves of our local library.
Have you been to the library? Have you ever thought that some materials in the library could and have been found to be objectionable and wished to have them removed from the library? I'm here to talk about what libraries are and what we should do with them. Every time you walk into the library, you are surrounded by books and other study or reading materials. Yes, these materials are helpful in finding something to pass the time or help understand a topic, but some materials are considered objectionable. Stories such as romance novels or crude horror and action stories are considered inappropriate in certain times. These novels contain anything from brutal horror to adult material or foul language. Parents argue that the books should be removed from the library. I disagree. I believe that books and novels like this can greatly help others' imaginations and get ideas flowing. Yes, I do agree that some novels are not suitable for young children, but that doesn't mean they should be removed. I think if people are very concerned about their kids reading these books, they should either go to the library with their kids or just give kids an area where they can pick books from. Another way to keep these mistakes out of the wrong hands is to segregate the more offensive and adulterated books to a location in the library and only allow age-appropriate access. An age limit of thirteen and over would be a responsible decision. A younger age may be inappropriate for them, but any older age may prevent them from learning and expanding their minds to reach their full potential. The purpose of this article is to show that removing these books and novels from the library will not help. If anything, it can hurt us because it doesn't allow us to reach newer and higher realms by learning and understanding the complexities of these novels. Dividing these novels in age-appropriate zones or letting parents decide will help maintain the correct age for the books they get
Library Review There are many very useful books in our library. There are also many magazines, music and movies. A lot of the movies are adult movies, but they do have children's sections in many libraries. Most books, magazines and movies are accessible to young children. I went to the library as a child and read all the books there. When I was a kid, I went to the library with my parents. We would go there, mainly to the children's area. I still remember going with my grandparents. I'll read books, or I'll put puzzles together or something. I don't recall a single time I went to a library and saw something objectionable. I've never been to a library, nor have I seen anything that offended me. I'm sure it's offensive to have a book or a movie somewhere in every library, but giving you an example of a personal experience is something I can't do. If the library does have objectionable books, they do a good job of hiding them from me and the other kids. I haven't heard of anyone finding this type of book in any other book or magazine I've read. I tend not to read a lot about the world. I enjoy reading biographies and similar books about sports players. Whenever I read magazines, they are usually about sports or cars, so I rarely read about objectionable things that are going on, if they are. If the library has objectionable books but no children or people who shouldn't be reading them, the library doesn't need to remove them from the shelves. Some adults @MONTH1 go into the library looking for one of these books and they can ask and find them. So in my opinion, I don't think libraries should take these books off their shelves.
We see them. We read them. We gossip about them. Books found in inappropriate language, pages with the word "sex", disturbing thoughts and ideas, swear words, it's all there, but they're still in our libraries. My take on censorship is, yes, our libraries should be more humble and there should be no such things on the shelves. Books found in @LOCATION1's library and desecrating the mind are one of the immediate flaws of our teens today. From my personal experience, I have come across some books with inappropriate language. I also read books assigned to me by school that described sex and bad language in third grade. As a little boy, I would go home to meet my parents and show them what the book was about and how disrespectful it was. I've been growing up in @CAPS1's home and seeing this stuff not only in school, but on library shelves, I don't think it's necessary. I know there are a lot of things that offend people. Racism, sex, curses, rules, religion, but you need to get rid of the main stuff. It is impossible to please everyone. These ideas in magazines, books, movies and even music have revolutionized the world. Even when I was younger we were taught not to swear out loud, but you see that all the time in books. At @LOCATION2 we are of course free to do what we want. Authors have the right to include profanity and even dirty ideas in their books. However, libraries will not be compelled to keep this content in their global library. I believe we should keep in mind the future of @LOCATION2, if we teach them this material, they will grow up in a world without morals and the world will be a worse place than it is. In the quote from Kathryn Patterson, I believe she has brought up a strong point. If we take the books off the shelf, then our students, children, grandchildren will not get the right education, then there will be no education at all. However, I believe from this quote that even she agrees with what we at @LOCATION2 are afraid of our kids reading. So why do we put these books in our library? I believe that if we took these specific books, magazines, movies, songs, and internet sites out of computers, libraries, and schools, teenagers wouldn't be on the path they're on now. Today, the world has turned into a disaster. The kids we saw @NUM1 years ago were on the right track. Now those kids are smoking marijuana, having sex, impregnating girls, having abortions, miscarriage, inappropriate things. I really believe what students are reading in @LOCATION2's schools and libraries has something to do with it all. Now in the hands of @LOCATION3, our kids will grow up to be the future of @LOCATION2 and a joke for @LOCATION2. we need this fixed
Offensive literature, pornography, unpleasant topics. Books have these things somewhere. Throwing away all the books that have offended everyone, it is impossible to have books left. There are many reasons why censorship is pointless and wrong. Censorship only arouses curiosity. Reviewing books may affect learning. The real world isn't censored, so books shouldn't be censored either. Jury only arouses curiosity. Children are told every day what to do and what not to do. Many people know that children are most likely to want to do the exact opposite of what they are told to do. Being censored makes people want to rebel and learn the truth. Nobody likes being told what they can and cannot do. The same goes for being told what to read and what not to read. No one wants to exclude the truth from their reading material. Reviewing books may affect learning. Children at school need to read many different books in their English class. Some books, depending on the teacher, have language and topics that some people find offensive. What some people don't understand is that reading these things is part of life. Reading foul language is no more offensive than having someone use the same foul language in front of you in real life. In fact, the real-life situation seems more objectionable. If we are censored from these things, how will we know they exist. The real world isn't censored, so books shouldn't be censored either. You can't walk down the street and expect to shuffle someone's dirty jokes with a loud beep every time they curse. When someone says something offensive in the real world, you have to learn to handle it appropriately and maturely. We can't eliminate people's offensive jokes in real life, so why do we do it in reading material. Has no one heard of free speech? This amendment was created for a reason, to let @CAPS1 express their beliefs. Everywhere we see today is censoring and "cleaning up" to keep @MONTH1 happy for others offended by anything they censor. Sometimes, writing offensive language or themes is appropriate. People need to be able to express their thoughts and beliefs. But people also need to be able to criticize constructively and be mature about offensive writing. Everyone at some point in their life has been offended in one way or another by something they are about to read or have read. it's just life
Books are important in human life, whether they are used for learning, entertainment or any other purpose. On the other hand, whether some books offend readers. If certain books are objectionable, you should stay away from that type of book or get rid of the book altogether. Having said that, if some material is objectionable, should it be removed from the shelf? Some of the arguments against this are that you are taught to stay away from bad things, some people have a different view of "bad" and even if they are offensive they don't need to be removed. Some material will offend some people but not others. This is true of everything, such as movies, books, and everyday life. Some @MONTH1 think the type of words used in a book makes it bad, but for others, that's what makes the book. For example, to show all hatred for a character, you have to use some offensive words. Another example is describing how horrific a person was killed, it's not enough to say he was stabbed and beaten, you have to describe how brutal it was to please some readers. Another reason books shouldn't be removed is that people are taught when saying something is offensive. If readers find a book objectionable, they should know not to stop reading the book and complain about the objectionable material. Also, if a person rents a movie and they know they are not allowed to get a @CAPS1 rated movie, then they should get another movie. People should know not to keep reading books about objectionable things and then complain. If a person is concerned about a material, they can ask people or go online to see if it is objectionable. Even if some material is objectionable, it should not be removed. It's just someone's opinion. If someone needs the book, they won't be able to get it because it's been removed. If material was removed because someone said it was objectionable, there would never be a book again. Because anyone can be offended, they might say it's worse than it really is because they're crazy. For these reasons, material should not be removed. If everyone started saying things were offensive, there wouldn't be more books. People shouldn't have a full say in removing books. Otherwise people will complain out of resentment about someone's material. So if you find some material objectionable, do you think it should be removed from the shelf.
Every parent has their own opinion on a topic like this; but even if you're censoring books, movies, music, etc., your child can still find uncensored books or movies on the Internet. Yes, parents believe it's better for their kids to have their kids censored, but kids have more technology and more access to uncensored music. As time goes on, children's minds become more and more serious about what the world has to offer. The more parents keep their kids away from things in life, the more likely their kids are to sneak out, or just not be who you think they're going to be. Everyone has their own; personally I would say just leave books, music, movies, etc. On a library shelf; kids will know anyway, whether from friends or from the media. Not that your kids will be corrupt listening to music like this, but I believe at a certain age parents should talk to their kids about what's going on in the world because kids won't be kids and you won't be able to control them forever. Everyone is a kid at some point in time and I'm so pretty that most parents don't like their parents keeping them away from what they want to do, or what they want to see, but living away is not To be fair, these are just personal opinions. Either way, if you decide to delete all your music and censor it, or if you do the same with all your books and movies etc, there will still be unhappy adults and unhappy parents. No matter what happens, kids will find a solution to these problems and it will never fail. There will always be a way for your child to get around you, there will always be a way for your child to go beyond your rules; think about it, if they once rejected you, they are likely to do it again. This is the nature of children. So like I said before, every parent and everyone has their own opinion on a topic like this, I personally say leave it alone and let the parents of these kids handle it the way they want because you can't please everyone personal.
Should books, music and movies be taken off shelves if they are found to be objectionable? Books, music and movies reserve a certain horizon for the reader or audience at hand. If someone has a different opinion on the texts, then they shouldn't even read or look at them, but it's not reasonable to take those great books off the shelf because they represent other people's different opinions. People should give these things a chance because sometimes unoriginal things simply don't work. Getting the public to watch movies because they're offensive is just a way to control what we see and what we're here for. Books, music and movies shouldn't be taken off the shelf because they teach us a lesson about life that doesn't really happen to someone. Books are a way people can express themselves without actually going out and hurting someone or something. Poetry, for example, allows the reader to feel how the author felt when he wrote it. Books that have a political or social opinion on something should not be discriminated against because someone doesn't like the side they choose or the way the author presents it to people. In fiction, just because someone uses blasphemy doesn't mean the message is less clear. Their message @MONTH1 is profanity used to belittle, or my turn at worst in the next generation below them, but it's not used to hurt. Music is a way that people can express their emotions without taking them out on the people who have hurt them or who they have hurt themselves. When someone uses swear words in a song, it's not being said specifically to that person; it's used to show how bad they feel about what happened to them, and they need something to really express how they feel. Many people who hear these lyrics sing to them at @MONTH1 believe the person is telling them that when it's just a poem, that's what they really think. Music shouldn't be taken away because it's just words and they shouldn't hurt someone, especially when it's just an expression. In movies you see someone being shot or brutally murdered or attacked, and it's already a terrible thing because someone died or because someone didn't have a fair life. This kind of violence displayed on screens in homes, movie theaters, and schools is meant to tell people what the real danger is out there; they have not been shown to teach people to seriously harm others in other ways, although people insist on them that way. Movies are about taking an idea and showing the world what you think; showing the world that this is what you think, this is how you feel about something. Taking it all away shows that generations before us were afraid of what we could do when we were one, or what we would do if we stood alone and said we didn't like something. All books, music and movies based on real things shouldn't be tied down just because they show personality; just because they have the power to show us the truth of all the lies told to us, but higher people. These people are most likely to believe that when there is no perfect life, there is a perfect life, so when people show things as they are, they fear that their ideas of perfect things will be destroyed by those who know the truth. Only things that are really mean should be censored, not things that have nothing to do with the way of today's community.
I don't think certain materials like books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves. library or anywhere else. I believe that if someone wants to know more about something, a library or @CAPS2 should be able to provide them. Imagine if the library and @CAPS1 started putting this material away, a lot of people wouldn't bother. @CAPS2 in my eyes is a place that shows me where we've been, what we've been thrown at, and what we've achieved there. In @CAPS1, can you imagine walking around without seeing your past? ,'No, I can not. While the @MONTH1 thing may seem offensive to some, it may be history for others. Many people now rely on the use of magazines, books and music for information. I believe everyone has a right to know what's going on in their pass and thus their future, so it's not fair to delete @MONTH1 for information that seems offensive to others. I believe we should keep all information in libraries, @CAPS1, art exhibitions because everything has a history behind it and if we just cover it up we will never know. For myself, "want to know, not never know."
I believe certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from public libraries. What if a young child stumbles upon an inappropriate magazine? They can get these images stuck in their minds and can lead to illegal decisions. There are many books and movies that are not suitable for most young children. I think they should be placed more appropriately or removed entirely. Some people will find some material more objectionable than others, but if read, the person may get angry or start having bad thoughts. Personally, I think most fictional books are just entertaining. Most of the time, they don't show what actually happened or what was thought. If someone thinks they're offensive, they're probably just looking at it the wrong way. Most libraries have sections dedicated to adults, but not monitored. So how does anyone know if a child is in this restricted area where they shouldn't be watching this material? They won't have the slightest clue. I think in today's society, most kids already know about pornographic images and stuff, so why limit what they already know? There are many TV shows and movies in the world that are more visual than books and magazines. Shouldn't they be banned? The world is exposed to objectionable material every day. We just get used to it all and don't go the wrong way. But younger kids don't know more, so there's no guarantee they won't take ideas from inappropriate viewing and use them. So maybe things do need to be taken off the shelf.
Offensive @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Type @CAPS1 You know you'll find something interesting to read, listen to and even watch. Most people use libraries to find information on a topic, some of which are not always appropriate for certain age groups. I believe that material on any subject should reflect how people view the world right now. Most kids go to @CAPS1 to find books that interest them, and sometimes they flip through books about things they shouldn't know. Libraries should be allowed to put whatever they like on their shelves, but certain age groups are allowed. @CAPS3 You were a kid and you wanted to look up information about racing, and you probably read a lot of books on racism. As a kid, you probably didn't know what that was, but all you had to do was pick it up and read. That kid just went from reading abot nascar to reading about racism and different races. I think this book should be kept in chronological order. @CAPS3 A teen goes into @CAPS1 looking for a book, they should be able to go to a section for teens and get a book on the subject. Most libraries have topics such as sex, killing and violence. The child should not be allowed to view this detail until the child is ready. If I were at @CAPS1, I would always be looking for books that interest me. My technique for choosing books for myself has changed since I became a @NUM1 or @NUM2. Now that I'm older and love to read, I read more about action and mystery. I was in our hometown @CAPS1 and I was shocked to see a @NUM3 year old reading a book about pregnancy and when he put the book down to see what he was reading. That same day, I met a young child approaching his father with a book about sex and a book about killing. @CAPS3 I saw this and I was surprised to see what happened. I do believe that libraries should be able to show what they have, but at certain ages. Kids are always visiting @CAPS1 looking for books that pique interest and always find something different they shouldn't be exposed to. Libraires have a hard time accommodating what kids read, so they should expose all the different topics. @CAPS3 your little ones and your reading on these topics, then you'll know better @CAPS3 you've just grown up. Next time @CAPS3 you visit @CAPS1 to check and see what your local kids are talking about and reading. You'd be surprised @CAPS3 a kid approached his parents with a book about sex. I think all libraries should expose what they want @CAPS3 they want to make sure everyone knows.
I don't think the library should take anything off the shelf, if it's educational for your kids in some way, it should stay. Children can learn a lot from library books. If you need help or answers about something, you can always find what you're looking for in the library, they have all the answers. You can't get everything from the internet, some things have to be found by opening a book. As I grew up, I was able to do what I needed to do for my school in the library. There's a lot of educational stuff in the library, you just need to know what you're looking for. For some of these adults, if you're having trouble finding what you need in the library, it doesn't mean the same thing for your child. Sometimes your children understand better than you were at their age. Parents please don't take away the good stuff in the library that can really help your child sometimes. If it didn't help, they wouldn't have put it in the library in the first place. Some things are best found in books because not everything is online. A lot of scientists find their information in one book because it's easier. You learned a lot of good things from the library. Books and items in the library can help you do a lot of research. Taking materials from the library I have to disagree.
Certain materials, such as books, music, movies or magazines, do not need to be removed from library shelves if found objectionable. There are many reasons to support this statement, including an accurate citation by author Kathryn Patterson. People shape their characters by their reactions to how people treat them. For example, someone @MONTH1 offended another person in life, but that doesn't mean the offender will disappear after doing so. What does this have to do with libraries you might ask? If you find books and movies objectionable, you don't need to take them off your library shelves, because there's a lot of objectionable stuff in the real world. You can choose what to read, listen to or watch. Just because you @MONTH1 have the option to check what you deem inappropriate or objectionable doesn't mean you have to check it. Some people @MONTH1 like to read or watch objectionable stuff. You @MONTH1 want to argue, "But I don't want my kids exposed to this objectionable material." That's why most public libraries have sections for children and adults. If you happen to see an objectionable book in the children's section, then don't ask your child to check it out. It's so simple. Trying to get the book off the shelf or complaining about it just takes up more time. To quote, 'All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids had off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- I hate that kind of work -- then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us", by Katherine Paterson, is the perfect example of why books shouldn't be taken off the shelf. She means that if a person is allowed to remove A book, then anyone else will be able to have that ability. So a book that @MONTH1 doesn't offend you at all may be taken off the shelf because other people disapprove. At the end of the day, there are no more books left. In short, If there are books, music, movies or magazines that offend you, please don't check them. You don't need to get rid of them because other people @MONTH1 want to check them
No, I don't think books and other materials should be removed from library shelves if someone finds them objectionable. Everyone has a different opinion on what books they like to read. I think if you don't like the book and think you shouldn't get the book and put it there because other people might like that book and want to read it, it's quite offensive. Not everyone likes the same books, but every book in the library is there for a reason. Libraries check all the books they come in, and if no one asks for it, or if it's not a good book, they won't buy it. I think everyone has the right to read what they like to read and no one should have the right to take a book off a library shelf because what if someone is looking for that book and the library is the only place that has it ? . So where do people spend time reading and appreciating books that interest them? If everyone could take a book off the shelf when they thought it was objectionable, there would be no books left on the shelf and no one to read. I also think that if you don't like books on your shelf that you shouldn't be reading in that section, go to another section of the library and see the types of books you enjoy reading. There is something for everyone in the library. That's why I don't think it's a good idea to be able to take a book off the shelf, if everyone does that when they see something "offensive", no one will have a book they love to read.
I think some books do need to be on the library shelf and then in the bookstore for their own use. There are other books that people just need to be a little more mature, like history books that talk about war, slavery and books with curse words. Primary and secondary school libraries should collect books by age group. If librarians know this book isn't something kids should read, they shouldn't let them read it. Music, magazines and movies should also be suitable for kids too young to hear swear words in a song every five seconds. Movies should also be age appropriate. That's why the library has sections for babies, toddlers, teens, teens, and adults, so if you're really worried about your kids or even yourself you'll find an objectionable book or a book that isn't appropriate for this age group , then stay in your own section. Assuming you're a teen and there's a book that you don't read too much and is more for older people, you should be able to tell the librarian there and maybe she can move it out of that section . Everyone feels differently about what's offensive and what's not, so libraries shouldn't take out every book that offends one person because it's unfair to everyone else. Except no one showed you that book
Hey what book made me see it because I don't think I want you to read it because it's a graphic for a @NUM1 year old boy. Here's what some parents might say to their kids if they don't want their kids to read a certain book or even a certain book. I don't think libraries need censorship because either way, sooner or later kids will be exposed to things their parents don't want them to see in the library. Can go on complaining that they don't want it there. However, if the library has it, the library should be able to keep it there, whether people don't want it there or not. I think the only real person who can move a book to the shelf is a manager or a manager if they agree to a patron. Compared to those specific people, I don't think the average person can take anything off the shelf. In the library I go to, there are any books, music, movies and magazines you want. Whether it's an adult content book or an r-rated movie, they've got anything and they're getting something new every week. So if a person doesn't want something on the shelf they shouldn't take it from the shelf themselves because if the other person wants to watch a movie but they can't because the parents take it from the shelf because they don't Hope their kids are exposed to it. Once in my library, I saw a spat between a customer and the library manager who didn't want the section the book was in because they thought it would be provocative for a children's book. The manager refused to take it off the shelf because the library shelves could hold any book they wanted. Another time I saw a guy break a DVD because they didn't think their kids at this age should be allowed to see those types of movies. But breaking this movie is just putting other people who want to see it because no one can't be broken because of it. To sum it up, I don't think citizens should be allowed to take anything off the shelf, only library managers can take anything when they want
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I strongly agree that if some material is found objectionable, it should be removed from the shelf. Some little ones will pick up a book, a movie and/or a @CAPS3 case, or even a magazine, and read whatever is said above. We @CAPS5 don't require young kids to read content they know what to say. @CAPS7 is bad enough they heard @CAPS7 from their family or @CAPS2 nearby. Sellers can also make edited versions of books, movies, @CAPS3 or magazines. Proverbs, 'you @CAPS5' don't like @CAPS7 and you don't like @CAPS5', '@CAPS5' has nothing to say, not @CAPS5' doesn't say anything. ', 'If you don't want to hear @CAPS7, better @CAPS5' don't want to say @CAPS7. ', which is strongly applicable here. The way the world is going, @CAPS7 seems like they @CAPS5 don't mind who sees their product as long as @CAPS2 buys their product. Now a day, @CAPS7 seems like the younger the kids, the smarter @CAPS7 will be. If a 4 year old picks up a @PERSON1 @CAPS3 case and sees an almost naked adult adult on it, they don't have a good idea in their head. That kid is going to think more and more, '@CAPS7 can be naked. @PERSON1 did @CAPS7. Why can't I? Children learn more from family and friends before they start learning the truth at school. @CAPS7 Like you don't want to take your kids to @CAPS8 @CAPS9, half naked to naked girls just walk around freely. Not something a five-year-old needs to see. Like a five-year-old doesn't need to hear swearing or use the name @CAPS10 in vien. Getting young kids to see, hear, say, think or read stuff like this gets ideas in their heads that @CAPS7 can say whatever you want or wear whatever they want , while they think @CAPS7 is completely natural. While this @MONTH1 may seem like a huge wake-up call to some parents, @CAPS7 is not normal. @CAPS7 No more normal than telling your kids they're wrong. Such things should not be said to/near children. Every parent wants the best for their child, they @CAPS5 don't want their child to grow up in a world full of bad or wrong things. By having companies sell their products as a half-naked @CAPS2 on the cover of a magazine or @CAPS3, or by selling books that talk about murdering someone, hiding a body and praying to @CAPS12 that they @CAPS5 won't get caught, or by selling a book on Playing offensive music in stores with young kids makes them think they can sell anything they want, promote their music anywhere they want, and the company wins. I'm not a mother or a soon-to-be mother, but I find @CAPS7 very offensive companies and stores would do this. I don't want my kids to read magazines instead of asking me questions about @CAPS2 being nearly naked, or having them ask me what a word means when @CAPS7 is a vulgar word. I certainly wouldn't buy a book that looks weird or offensive to my kids. Again, I'm a firm believer in "@CAPS13 of @CAPS14", so these companies do have the right to some extent to sell their products the way @CAPS7 does. It's just that if they really want to sell that much, that sucks, then they should be selling @CAPS7 online. @CAPS7 @MONTH1 costs more, but at least everyone will know their kids won't see @CAPS7. Although, once you have @CAPS7, if their kids see @CAPS7 then @CAPS7 is the buyer's fault. This will be handled on the parent's plate. Another thing about kids, their brains are still developing at that time, their imaginations are beyond fairy tale world, @CAPS7 is kind of like their second home, only @CAPS7 is in their brains. Their brains are still developing and learning new things every day. Once they go to the store with their parents, they're already hopping on the wall to buy a new toy or a new pair of shoes, or just because they want to run around outside, @CAPS7 not good enough for them to see something out of place s things. I know I'm not going to let my kids see things like this, and I'm sure @PERCENT1 you don't want your kids to see these things. So, for the children, think about them, their minds, their developing brains and their uncanny imaginations. Treat children how you were treated growing up. Thank you, @PERSON2
I myself think all books should be on the shelves as I do find some of the content offensive. I also find it annoying when people have books and you try to talk to them @CAPS2 @CAPS2 all they do is ignore you @CAPS2 Read on I feel disrespectful. I myself don't like to read, but I find it boring @CAPS2 sometimes tiring unless it's actually a good book. I can also say some movies should be taken off the shelves because they are too stupid @CAPS2 to make sense, like Harry Potter, Twilight and most other books that contain mythical creatures. On the other hand, the music should do away with @CAPS5 as it's easier to understand and understand that I'm wrong @MONTH1 but that's my personal opinion on the whole ordeal, some of the music in the lyrics can show who you are and what you stand for in In a live music show, the character @CAPS2 can easily follow a movie or a boring old book. I've been listening to music and you can hardly see me holding a book in my hand I sometimes watch movies but they're more actiony though comedies I really don't' @CAPS10 like horror movies though I do watch Some @CAPS2 I don't @CAPS10 like movies with strange creatures in them, that's not what I'm looking for in movies. I can list some of my favorite books, movies @CAPS2 music because two of my favorite books are bloody @CAPS2 until @PERSON3 @CAPS4 again. My favorite movies are all five of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 movies, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS4 @PERSON4 and my all time favorite @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and the new karoti kids. The music I listen to includes @CAPS8-@CAPS9, @ORGANIZATION4, @PERSON2, @PERSON5, @LOCATION3, @CAPS10-@CAPS11, @CAPS12 @CAPS13, @ORGANIZATION5, @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2, @ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS14 @CAPS15 @CAPS2 @PERSON1 they are both great singer songwriters and do a great job @CAPS2 making millions I mean come on people prefer music to anything . There are movie music albums for sale in the world, there are books and movies combined, and when I say music is better, I really think that proves an important point. A musical victory for every service. So this concludes my opinion on the subject, and I hope I've expressed my opinion well enough to prove my point to those in the world who say books @CAPS2 movies are better because they're not.
Sometimes I think it's always good to have the right materials on the shelves in a store or library. I feel that way because when you see something offensive, most people are willing to buy it. Or maybe when you're going through tough times in your life, people like to read books that might be objectionable because it reflects how they were raised. My take on censorship includes keeping objectionable material because it's people's favorite. Music, magazines, books and movies. All of this material can entertain both adults and teens, thanks to proper parlance. It seems to allow people to elevate their style and behavior, such as music as the number one offensive material. Music comes from all over the world and teenagers get used to it and start to feel that right vibe. Another reason my views on censorship include retaining objectionable material is because of what we see and see. Movies and TV. What can you learn from a movie when we watch an offensive and very appropriate movie. Most make movies that teach lessons if you're willing to follow along, or some contain advice for people who do the wrong things in their lives. This is one of the main reasons I think newspapers should keep offensive movies in stores. TV is basically the same as movies. You can learn a lot from the disgusting @CAPS1 show, you can learn the do's and don'ts. Also, my views on censorship include retaining objectionable material from the books we read; books are entertainment and something most of us enjoy doing in our free time. People seem to read books because of the categories that are most likely to fit their way, such as reflections on people's lives, rough, cute, funny and dramatic. We read these offending books because some of us went through something as children or just wanted to read it because they probably wanted to feel the same empathy as the rest of @MONTH1. Books can also offer advice on things people want to do in life, careers you @MONTH1 are interested in. Last but not least, my views on censorship include keeping objectionable material like magazines. Magazines are the least objectionable items on the shelf. I'm against the magazine's justification because it has a lot of gossip. I believe gossip is one of the main reasons most people buy magazines. Also because the information is not true. The false information provided is what we want to buy. But in most of my opinion, I don't think this material should be in stores unless they change it. I believe offensive music, movies, books and some magazines should be on store shelves because so many people are willing to buy them. They both attract the attention of gossip, the provocative adds
@PERSON1, the author, once said; 'All useful people can think of a book that we wish our children or any other children didn't take off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. In other words, she @CAPS2 proved the fact that books shouldn't be censored in any form, I'm positive about that. First, censoring @CAPS2 simply bans certain things that are considered objectionable. An example of this is Society in @PERSON2's "@CAPS1 @NUM1" book. In this book, @PERSON3, the protagonist and eventual protagonist, @CAPS2, is a firefighter who starts fires instead of putting them out. The government considered books to be dangerous because they made people knowledgeable, so they ordered people to burn them, making society ignorant and potential "slaves" to the government. Despite losing his job and nearly being killed by the government, @PERSON3 realizes that books have real meaning and that the government @CAPS2 did it wrong @CAPS2. This thread now raises a question: '@CAPS2 all censorship bad?' Of course not. In fact, some censorship should be allowed. For example, any form of media, be it @CAPS2 books or magazines, should be censored by the government because under our constitution people have the right to believe and practice whatever they want (also known as 'free speech'). However, most censorship doesn't take the bright side. In today's political world, censorship @CAPS2 is for those who speak out against a government or leader for being dishonest or callous to the people. Even in our country today, the government does this, which is unconstitutional in some cases because people have freedom of speech, but only to a certain extent. Overall, the negative results of censorship outweighed the positive ones. Censorship makes people uneducated, on the other hand it is illegal for a person to speak out against something even if @CAPS2 is wrong. On the other hand, censorship sect hate @CAPS2 stuff is not bad. All in all, however, poor censorship leads to uneducated people and ultimately pure ignorance.
I think it's funny how people think it's problematic to go to a book and say this shouldn't be said out loud here. I also think if you don't like the book don't read it. Or read it. I mean I know a little bit about magazines because sometimes it can be bad. At the same time I mean saying what's right and what's wrong is no one's job. I'm @PERCENT1's music, it was taken out of the library. Some of the music that people hear today is simply inappropriate, whether for children or adults. People wonder why there is so much killing and hatred in the world today. The movies in the library are so good, they don't make them bad, there's nothing I can do about it. All the libraries around the library are doing a good job of handling it. Just something I would change, but I don't think it really matters. I'm just a @NUM1 year old kid, I mean I can give my thoughts, but that's about it. I love libraries and nothing stops me from going. If I don't like thin stuff, I just don't read or watch it, that's how everyone should be
"Should libraries censor reading materials for school students?" That's a sure-fire question, because reading is good for all ages, it's just an age-appropriate topic. Yes, I do think they should review the reading material, but at some point they need to have books for kids of a certain age. Like there are sections for younger kids, then teens, then adults. If children do not want to read more graphic material, then they must be encouraged by their parents. I say this because something is published by the author for some people to read.
Whether we're talking about religiously demanding books like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series about to rip off our shelves or @CAPS3 trying to burn @LOCATION1, books are always going to be controversial. In this country, we are given the right to freedom of speech and the press, so why can anyone ask for a book to be banned? Everyone in our world has different ideas, beliefs, morals and values, so why should we impose our views on others? We shouldn't. Putting a controversial book on the shelf is as easy as taking it off, imposing our views on others. Music, movies, and magazines are no exception, all expressing the thoughts and beliefs of their respective writers, and anyone who wants to do so deserves access. Books, there are hundreds of lists of banned books, and honestly you can find a dozen reasons to ban any book that has ever been written. If you ban a writer's words because they are enthusiastic or cautious on a controversial topic, then you must ban them all, and if you must ban, then you must ban the author too, so that he or she cannot publish him or Her opinion. If we do, then our country and our world will have no opinion, no voice, no voice, no direction, no progress. What kind of world do we live in if the people of our world are denied the right to write a book about their views? If you can ban my words, then I can ban your words, and we all lose our voice and our chance to light up the future in some way. Imagine the impact if @CAPS4 locked every copy of @CAPS5 as it brought changes and disputes. Imagine a world where we never heard of @CAPS6 or @CAPS7. It will be a world very different from our own. A world without a powerful voice affects not only our daily behavior, but also war, love and hate for centuries. This will be a man without direction, people can only wonder, but never express or discuss. That would be a scary place. While kids shouldn't watch porn or read "@ORGANIZATION1" at all, they should definitely not be stopped from reading, listening or watching anything they want. Values and morals should be acquired by reading, discovering and thinking, not imposed on us by governments or parents. The lyrics of rap music @MONTH1 some would consider rude, but to others, @MONTH1 has a message. To a creationist @PERSON1 the opinion @MONTH1 seems stupid and offensive, but to an atheist they @MONTH1 makes sense. We all deserve all opinions so that we can develop our own. We shouldnt be punching other peoples values and ideas into our minds, we should be able to develop our own values through the exploration of others. Censorship is wrong, our government has nothing to do with what we choose to explore, and no one should be limited by the opinions of others.
I believe everyone has their own choices when it comes to taking a book off the shelf. You should know what you're picking up. If you think it might offend you, put it back on the shelf. It's that simple. Removing objectionable articles from library shelves just because a few people are unhappy destroys everyone's chances of possibly finding what they're looking for. Library censorship is not required. Everyone should be able to take care of themselves. Read the title before you pick up the book. It's a good hint if you're going to be offended. Children, on the other hand, should be ignored by adults to make sure they don't pick up anything that shouldn't be considered a child. Taking an offensive article off the shelf destroys everyone else's good book. Not everyone is offended by the same material. For some, @MONTH1 is the picture. For others, it might just be text. But this objectionable material occurs in everyday life around the world. Just can't avoid it. So why take it out of the library. If it's really objectionable in any way, put a warning label on the book. It will warn people that @MONTH1 this book contains material that @MONTH1 is offensive to readers of this book. This will benefit both sides of the argument. People are not offended because they are not offended by accidentally picking up a book. But @MONTH1 people who like to read offensive books can still read them. Everyone has their own choices when picking up a book. You should know what you picked up. Just because you made a mistake and picked up an offensive article, why take it away from everyone else @MONTH1 who loves to read them. Everyone is exposed to objectionable material in their daily lives. So why review at the library. It doesn't accomplish anything.
I think we should review what our kids read and watch in the library. They are young eyes, too young to see these things. They will be taught the wrong things at an early age. They will grow up the wrong way. We need to take a stand on what children think. In the future we need to review. Everyone please take a stand
Do I think we should take books off the shelves? No, we shouldn't take certain things off library shelves. Think from your own perspective. For example, let's say you like horror books. How pissed would you be if other people didn't like horror and you did and they took it off the shelf. I love @CAPS1 Magazine. Magazines like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION1. If there's a bad photo or anything in it, they'll take it down. My point is that if you don't like what you see, put together a book or magazine or whatever. Don't just sit there and complain because how would you feel if the same thing happened to you? I have personal experience with this type of problem. At my school we used to have magazines like @ORGANIZATION1. Just innocuous stuff. Still, just need one to whine about it, and boom! They are gone. @CAPS1 Fanatics like me don't like seeing our favorite things disappear. So really, what's the problem? The problem is that people can't process what they see. This is understandable to a certain extent. Like if you're a very religious person, then yes, I know you can't look at those things. But when you do it just to annoy someone, it's very hurtful. In the end, I just want to say that if you have a problem, solve it yourself. Just because you don't like something, doesn't mean others won't. you don't want it to happen to you
The first is the power of censorship and its totalitarianism, and the second is the fall of humanity. Over time, we have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism. From @CAPS1 regime of @LOCATION1 to @CAPS3 empire ban @CAPS2. The terror of always falling violently. Farenheit @NUM1 was written by @PERSON1 in the mid-20th century, and it portends a sinister future if censorship is brought to humanity. Humans will no longer have actual knowledge, only what they are told. In this book, people are forbidden to own any kind of book. Their history has been completely fabricated by the government into a kind of psychological madness. As if propaganda wasn't enough to distort people's minds, censorship of books would be the end. Man must know his base and where he comes from. Just take a small book from the shelf. Eventually they will all start to drop until there are none. The government will erase history as it is and create a mind that distorts everyone to believe that the government is just. When the evil being is the government itself. This all raises one of the biggest questions in the world. What should actually be hidden from everyone? We all agree that it is right to keep children away from pornographic material and adult language. What exactly makes these things unbearable in the first place? We've been taught these things all our lives, but so is the revelation of all knowledge when real censorship arises. As long as enough people are saying it, people will believe anything they are told. I don't hesitate to oppose censorship in every way. People have the right to know everything. Parents still have the ability to keep as many things as they deem unacceptable to their children. Let man choose what he cannot stand. Censorship goes against everything that Western democracies stand for. All freedom is taken away by the word. Democracies fear communism because of totalitarian governments. Communists censored everything in @CAPS4 @CAPS5. History has taught us time and time again that totalitarianism is unsuccessful. People must be free and must be able to live their own lives. Only then can they defend their country, so that they can preserve their freedom. Both world wars resulted in the overthrow of totalitarian regimes by free, uncensored people in democracies. A word is a word. People have their own opinions on everything. Arguments about every little thing are always at hand. We must all understand that while our beliefs are different, we must guard against censorship and accept everything. The day we don't, censorship will come and no one has the right to believe what they want. This is a human decision that must be made at the greatest time of the world. What will the uncertain future look like?
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think if the book is on the shelf, it should be removed if found objectionable. People in the library are arguing over a book. If they are fighting over a book, they need to have more than one. If the library doesn't have more than one book, it will create tons of prolums for everyone. People in the library are arguing over a book. I think whoever gets there first should get the book, but that's just me. If two people fight over a book, they should be kicked out of the library and never go back to the library. That's why we fight over a book. Next time you're at the library, think twice before you do it. Ask yourself "@CAPS3 are they here before me?". The library should have more than one book. Assume that the "@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1" book series is in the library and has one of each book. Now, the lat move of '@ORGANIZATION1' is coming up on this @DATE2 (@DATE1) and people's last book to read. Kids or something, but with a book. So what would you do? Get more books. This is why libraries should have more than one copy. If the library does not have more than one book, there will be a lot of prolums. If they have a copy of the book, it will start fighting. You won't be fighting any wars in the library (see @CAPS4 @NUM1). Now if it were me, I would let someone else have it. Therefore, the library needs more than one copy. In conclusion, I think that if a book is on the shelf, it should be removed if found objectionable. There's a fight for a book out there, and you don't want that. Libraries need more than one copy of a book, so they don't quarrel over it. If the library doesn't have a copy of a book, it will create prolums. So, think twice before taking action. It can be offensive at times. Sincerely, @PERSON1
What do you think is an objectionable book? Everyone has their own personal views on what they find objectionable. So how can you justify that a book, magazine, movie, music, etc. should be removed from the shelf because of the content? Of course, most people would agree that some things offend young children and even some adults, but others don't find the same things offensive. Items that do contain graphic content, curses, etc. and do offend most people should be put aside in a separate shelf area from other items. So honestly, no one can say that a certain book, music, movie, magazine, etc. has no right to a place on the shelf and should or should not be removed. If a parent doesn't want a child or teen to see or see certain material there, then the parent needs to do it themselves and not the library or anywhere else. Now, if it's an item in a parent's house and they don't want their kids to see it, they can remove it from the shelf every time. Then again, if their kids or teens find the item and look at it and the parents don't want them to, they shouldn't buy it in the first place, they should delete the item. So, as a stranger, can you justify if something is objectionable, that parents shouldn't let their kids look at it, or that libraries or stores shouldn't have that item on the shelf? no, you can not. If you don't want your kids to see it or you don't set standards and rules
Every book has a meaning or message that everyone should know. Taking a book off a library shelf may reduce the knowledge of someone who might need that information. Just because a book @MONTH1 has certain potentially objectionable views doesn't mean it shouldn't be allowed on the shelf. A book should not be differentiated based on the source of readers of @MONTH1. For anyone interested, both positive and negative books should be put on hold. As far as music and movies can be placed in the same category it is reasonable. It's really not that necessary to put in a library, as it's a place known for being peaceful, quiet, and relaxing. If music or movies become a danger, libraries shouldn't welcome it. On the positive side Music and movies can give some people comfort while having a good book on hand. There is some knowledge in the eyes of the book, and a bit of tone is understandable. Magazines are another non-essential item to keep in the library. A magazine can get a mix of good and bad in it. Not all magazines have something to educate. Most magazines are known for entertaining and updating global celebrities. Magazines should be taken out of the library. A library should be a learning environment experience with only helpful materials, not entertaining fun. Taking a book off the shelf is like reducing knowledge that could have been known. As for removing books, no matter what or what @MONTH1 books are, they shouldn't be allowed. As for music, movies and magazines, use should be limited to the library.
'@CAPS1 should be removed @CAPS2' Should @CAPS1 be removed? there is nothing. At least that's @CAPS1 I think. For ant books, you can find some bad spots. People can't keep kids away from bad things, that doesn't work @CAPS4. Whether it's whining, sex, blood, racism, teens will find them, and I think it would be better if they were in the books instead of in real life. Most young adult books have hints. There is no other way. Teens hear scolding every day. At home, at school, and even at work, yes, it's repulsive and nothing can stop it. It's there, it's part of our lives. Most adults think that if they don't shelter their teens, they'll find all this bad stuff in music. What @CAPS1 adults don't understand is that teens always want to be happy @CAPS1. Today's music is disgusting, but @CAPS4! ! ! ! ! ! That's why @CAPS1 is "hot" in the music world right now. Well, say a kid from a shabby home who only has one radio and that radio only has one station and that station is pop music, most parents don't @CAPS4. That pop music makes kids happy. Are you really going to take it away from him because it's offensive? ? ? Sex A lot of very good books have sex in them, but if a child is reading a book about sex at home, he or she won't go out and do it. Adding sex makes the book even better. I've read books that contain rape and other sexual acts, but I've never done it, just read it. Race is another big thing. 'To @CAPS5 a @CAPS6' is a great book every kid should read so they can learn. That's the whole point of reading is that you can learn. We need to understand these kinds of things. Taking shelter will not protect us, it will only make us want @CAPS1, which we will never have again. Music, books, magazines, and other things can help us learn not to take it away from us. If we don't @CAPS4, we won't read or learn it. Don't choose for us and let us learn by ourselves. This is our life. Let's make our own mistakes...
Libraries, not many people like them, but most people do. Libraries can be found in almost every town. People love going there to read books, use computers, and do activities with their families. But there are things people really want to do there, but they can't do because of their age or so, or it might be banned all the time. Do you think the pros and cons of libraries are fair to everyone? Most people really don't think you have to always go to the library to pick up stuff because if you're an irresponsible person, all the damage you've done to items you've checked out or you're rummaging too late could be The same amount of money to buy the item. If you are a responsible person, you are fine. But some people think that libraries shouldn't put stuff there if they don't let anyone touch it or check it. So if they're not going to let a person take an item from the library, then it should be taken from there because at least one person will want to take that item, and if the librarian tells you you can't, it won't be Polite you can't have that. For kids with children's books, libraries should stick to the same old sections. Section for middle school students and teens. The high school students and adults part, for the most part everything will be fine. Just trying to make it fair to everyone because it's your town's public library. Now that some facts and opinions have been stated, hopefully libraries and librarians do consider what they will and will not put on public library shelves in order to make it fair to everyone. So do you think the pros and cons of libraries are fair enough for everyone?
Dear @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1@NUM1 writing this because @CAPS2 feels the same as Katherine Paterson that we should not own any of the following books @NUM2 and any sex books. Because they can hurt a child's heart forever, in my opinion any book with these things should not be in any public library. Also, we should have more senses in poorly spoken books because it can change minds. Also let me give an example, let's say a little boy asks what the action book is, the librarian will say okay you are too young to read this book, the child will say no, but I heard the book is really good , my brother also said this book is very good. In my opinion, that's all I need to say. Your customer @PERSON2.
This statement is incorrect. Peolpe should always read about the places they've been, or watch the movies they've seen. When someone reads something bad, they @MONTH1 or don't like it. So people shouldn't take bad books, movies and music. One thing people should choose between what they read and what else. Books Some people like to read bad stuff because they like it. If the person doesn't like it, they should put it back and find something else to read. It's fun to watch movies now. But when you watch a new movie, you should rent it first to see if you like the offending feel. If you are young you should watch a movie with andult. Music is an objectionable thing these days and should not be taken off the shelves. Because if you don't like it, don't pick it up off the shelf and tell people that it's bad music when it could be some great music. Ok, one thing that can be taken off the shelf is magazines. Tipping for reading those magazines is bad for people. If they go, they should order offline mail at their home. So people shouldn't take books, movies and music off the shelf, but they can take magazines. People love books and bookcases that have bad bookcases. And it shouldn't be off the shelf. If someone takes something off the shelf, that's what I think.
I don't think books, music, movies and magazines should be removed from library shelves. People will find entertainment in movies with sexual or violent activity. I'm sure some people would be upset if we did take everything that involved objectionable off the shelf. In our generation today, people expect to see things they can't see at home with their parents. There's a lot of bad language in music these days, but that's why people are interested in them. Movies are the same. Today's books, music and movies talk a lot about sexual intercourse, illegal drugs and criminal activity. This kind of stuff catches our attention and interests us. If you have a child or someone in your family you don't want them watching, listening to or reading objectionable content, don't let them see it. Most stores with objectionable stuff have a back room where they keep everything so they don't have to worry about people seeing it. People sometimes find it offensive, but that doesn't mean libraries should take them off their shelves. People can decide for themselves what they want to hear, see or read. Everyone can choose what they like. Everyone has their own opinion on things. I think libraries will have more business dealing with objectionable things than they don't. Young people are more interested in things that look like dreams or things that look so unreal. I think they should put objectionable music, books, movies and magazines on the shelves because we have our own freedom to do what we want. A lot of people find it a lot of fun watching objectionable things. If you don't want to see or hear things you don't like, don't look for them in the library
If you're mad at a book, magazine, music, or movie, don't read, watch, or listen to it. America should not be censored. The review should be aimed at younger children. If you grew up and was offended by something with "@CAPS1-word" on it, please don't read it. If a movie casts "@CAPS1-bomb," don't watch it. I totally disagree with someone trying to remove vulgar words. I don't get mad at swearing because it's usually used in a funny way, like telling a joke, or it makes a bad song good. Censorship is helpful, but vulgar stuff should not be removed from society, and never will be. Children usually learn swearing from their parents or friends. If you don't want your child to swear or be surrounded by swearing, then remove them from the situation. It is the parent's responsibility to protect or "censor" a child's environment.
The books I've read in the library so far don't seem to offend anyone, and I haven't actually listened to music or watched a movie in the library, the magazines seem to be fine. That doesn't mean there isn't anything to offend other people, but if there is, I think they should take them out of the library, but I think if someone finds something similar, they might put it back Where is it. If they took out every book, music, movie and magazine that people thought was objectionable, then I bet a lot of them would be eliminated, and it wouldn't be fair to everyone else, because maybe They want to either hear or read or watch them, and they'll get really pissed off if they find out that they've been taken away because other people think they're objectionable. Some people might understand that some of them might hurt someone's feelings or offend someone else, but there are others who don't care. I think if some of them are really bad, I don't want other kids to read them and have their feelings hurt or anything, but if it's not that bad, then I don't think they should leave, I don't think People will really care about those who stay inside. If those of them are really bad, if they stay in the library, then probably no one wants to go back to the library, sooner or later fewer and fewer people stop going. So probably the best thing to do is just take them out and let the people who've been in the library stay because a lot of people like to read and that's what they do for fun and if they can't go through something more, they would be very frustrating stupid
I think most books, magazines, or any reading material that is offensive to people will do. Many people need to read them and understand what they are about. I think people will accept little things like swearing, or if a book or magazine is talking about drugs, people will be offended. I don't think there is a book without curse words. Many people complain about little things like this when the reading material can be much worse than it actually is. I've read a lot of books with inappropriate words in them. I've been in a situation where the title sounded great and when I started reading it had a lot of swearing in it. I think this is the day now. Honestly, you won't find a book with at least one bad word in it. One just has to learn to get over the fact that many objectionable things are found in many different reading materials. I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelf. Others might be interested, but you won't. Many people have different opinions on different kinds of things, and I think it should depend on that person's weather, whether they read, listen to or even look at some kind of reading material.
Should the removal of books, music and movies from library shelves be questioned? Aa in our constitution, people have freedom of information. People have enjoyed this luxury since the birth of this amazing country. @CAPS1 also has the option to choose a type of book or not. So, to answer my question, it's totally impossible to take the genre of books and movies off the shelves, in @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION1 people have freedom of speech, religion, and many other things, including freedom of information. For this reason, places like libraries should have as much information as possible on the shelves. Even if some behavior is inappropriate, it is still a form of education. For children, education is largely the purpose of their childhood. Parents and teachers are always urging their children to get out, read and learn about new topics, not what is taught in the classroom or at home. If books are to be taken off the shelves, we @CAPS1 will only deprive our young people of knowledge in the world. All books or magazines @MONTH1 are good for some people and bad for others. However, for those who will find this beneficial, do we just want to go against our @ORGANIZATION1 and take away their information? Another theme in @ORGANIZATION1 is freedom of choice. Even if bad books or magazines are on the shelf, kids can choose to pick them up. Parents should simply tell children to leave these types of materials and choose something else. Having @MONTH1 books that seem out of place to some, just sitting on the shelf doesn't hurt anyone. However some people, @MONTH1 found such a book, found it interesting and decided to check it out. This action has no effect on children who should not be viewing such material. In the end, it's as simple as avoiding this kind of information, just don't choose to look at it, and just walk right by it. As for myself, I wasn't allowed to watch certain types of movies, books or magazines when I was a kid. For example, I'm restricted from watching movies rated @CAPS2 or stuff that is sexually inappropriate. Since that's the case, I just avoid movies or magazines that have these types of content. I did this for most of my childhood and it was pretty simple. However, I don't think it's fair to remove these types of things from other kids. Because they can choose to do whatever they want and it doesn't affect me at all. In the end, I feel that removing certain things from the library is very unfair to the children who have the privilege to view them. In conclusion, removing material such as books, music and movies is completely absurd. As I said before, doing so would violate our Constitution. The answer to this for me is black and white, kids shouldn't pick up those types of materials.
The library has a lot of books you can imagine. Libraries are a great resource for any kind of information. They have so much information that if you go to the library you will be there all day. The library has many different kinds of books. They might even carry a book about hats. There are libraries all around us, which is very convenient. If there are misleading books, music, movies, or even magazines in the library, I have to say they're in a lot of trouble, especially if the magazines, movies, or any other source of information would show anything that would offend someone in any way , then someone should tell the librarian or manager and say this shouldn't be on the shelf. When people go to a library, they expect clean reviews about the library. A library wouldn't be called a library if it was required to carry objectionable products. A library is a quiet place where people can go to browse, or just go in and get what they need and come out. Most libraries are very focused on what they should or shouldn't put on their shelves. If someone puts something unusual and that person knows they shouldn't put the book on the shelf, they should be automatically fired. In conclusion, a library is very beautiful and important to a town or city. The only thing to do is to keep an eye out for any offensive books, music, etc. You never know when they will randomly appear on the shelf, and if you happen to find them, you should tell your librarian or library manager right away. Libraries @MONTH1 had trouble, then they @MONTH1 didn't
Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found to be ineffective? I have to say no. I say this because these books can help you through your life. There are some rude and scary things in the world. Life isn't always smooth sailing, and some of these books will help you make decisions. Now these are the reasons why I think so. First, how this book will help others in the long run. I think it will be because some books talk about the real deal. Like how teenage girls become mothers at a young age, or how kids finish school, and now they're on the street, in jail, or the worst. Book material like this will change the lives of others other than you. That's one reason. Second, these books are like guides for other people. The reason I say this is that if people read about violence and material, they see things they don't want to throw like myself. I'm reading this book called My Hood. This book tells about a lot of what I saw with my own eyes, like gang sex, sex, drugs, capes, etc., that happened in the real world. Third, many people I know don't really enjoy asking for advice or talking to other people about their problems. They can get a book or something with the same functionality as they might throw. Those books and stuff aren't terrible, they do help. Like I said before, they are really good, like a little guide for many. So, in conclusion, do I believe that certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if found offensive. Definitely not because those books talk about real life and life is not always fair
Review or not? That's the problem. A lot of people @MONTH1 don't realize it, but what they read and watch has a huge impact on them. Nightmares seem to happen more often if kids watch horror movies. If teens read a book in which the party looks cool and bad things are glorified, they also start seeing bad things as good things. What if the @CAPS2 article you're reading now contains offensive language and inappropriate ideas? Most people will be offended and complained. If you see an old man walking down the street, yelling, you get angry and tell him to give up. So the question is, why can we watch movies like @CAPS2? Yes, books and movies should be censored. Children are very naive from a very young age. When children are exposed to violence, illegal behavior, alcohol, and drugs in books or movies, they start to think it's okay. For example, when I was younger, I watched the movie "@CAPS1". @CAPS2 The movie contains profanity every other word, it looks like that. I saw my favorite actor swearing in the @CAPS2 movie, so I don't think it's ok. It's not right for a child to speak rudely like this. One day I even heard some @LOCATION2 quote lines from "@CAPS3". @CAPS2 Movies are hilarious but suggestive. Sad to hear an innocent little @LOCATION2 talk about what's on his mind. Teens listening to @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2 get bad messages. Although the two rappers are seen as heroes of modern music, they should not be praised in their own way. Their songs are all about smoking marijuana and getting high. They make it look cool. So teens think, "@CAPS5 If they can do it, so can I!" They start engaging in activities that were once unpopular. If teens aren't exposed to @CAPS2 type of music, they won't be so easily involved in these things. As for adults, their films and books should also be censored. A @MONTH1 thinks once they're older they can do whatever they want, but that's not the case. Let me give you an example. Suppose a couple is watching a movie together. That's fine until a rather inappropriate scene comes along. Not only does it make things awkward, but it sends the wrong message. When adults or unmarried people see their favorite actors naughty on TV, it seems right. They start to lose the notion that you should remain abstinent until marriage. After all, this is the only way to stay away from any disease. If movies, books, magazines, and music continue to remain uncensored, the world will turn into a massive commotion. People will start to lose their sense of right and wrong. We are on the brink of violence and total chaos. If we continue to let our kids and ourselves watch these types of movies and so on, things are going to get really bad. Yes, if a library or store finds anything objectionable on their shelves then they need to review it before it corrupts more people
I don't think movies, books, music, etc. should be taken off the shelves. I believe people have the right to have their own opinion on what they choose to listen to, read or watch, and everyone has their own level of maturity. Parents who are worried about what their kids are watching/reading always have the right to tell them no and keep them from getting hold of anything. People have the right to express their opinions on what is suitable for their level of material. Whether it's a book, a movie, or music, people can always choose whether or not they want to engage with the item. It's a good idea to keep more explicit content for adults only, but if it's supposed to be for a certain age group, it should be up to that person to choose. Different people have different levels of maturity, so it can be difficult for a person or a company to tell what age group should or should not use the material. A lot of parents would disagree with this question because they think kids should be kept away from violent and vulgar images or language in the media these days. But at the same time, they fight for the right to raise their children the way they want. People have the right to take material that is too mature for their kids but no one can say other people's kids shouldn't see it because just because one person @MONTH1 finds it offensive doesn't mean anyone else meeting. If someone finds something objectionable, they should have the common sense to stop looking at that material, it's that simple. Everyone has this right, so I don't think companies have the right to take them away. Parents can censor what their kids watch, and adults have the power to make their own decisions on the topic. This proves that certain items, such as books, movies and music, should not be taken off the shelves.
Personally I don't think they should censor the library. I feel as though no one has the right to say whether people are allowed to enjoy certain material just because someone @MONTH1 thinks it's objectionable because it's just one person's opinion. One man's trash is another man's gold, and what one finds objectionable can be sawed off by millions. Also, in today's world, if everything is censored, even the church will have nothing because everyone has their own opinions and beliefs. This eventually removes everything because there will always be fewer people who find something objectionable in some way, shape or form. People can't even express themselves if everything is censored. If censorship were used everywhere, schools would not be able to teach half of the material they teach today, and children would have nothing to do. Author Katherine Paterson once said: All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children dont take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf Take that book - it's the job I hate - then you have the same rights and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I totally agree with that statement. As I As has been said it is true that if everything is censored then there is nothing to enjoy. Think about if you would like someone to tell you that you are not allowed to read or listen to certain material just because someone Find it offensive and think it should be taken away from the public? I'm sure it's especially frustrating for most people if they're adults. I feel as though everyone has a right to choose what they read and listen to .so if you're asked if libraries should be allowed to censor, think back on everything I said before you give an answer. Once they start censoring something that everyone can read and listen to, they feel like they can censor anything and control people's lives.
This quote from Katherine Paterson is very persuasive and totally true in my opinion. Everyone thinks and works differently, so what offends one person may be completely fair and good from another person's perspective. Everyone thinks differently, and when you go to school or work every day, you'll notice that whatever the person is doing or has is obvious. Like their clothes. Items can reveal as much information about a person as actions or words. So what do you think? Do you think any material in the library should be taken down just because someone or a few people find it objectionable or horrible? In my opinion, no. Every book, magazine, or anything in the media can send a different message in everyone's personal thoughts. For example, a movie might touch someone in a very specific way, and at the same time, the people next to it might find it ugly and cruel. I actually have a real life situation and it's a conflict. During my years in seventh grade, I enjoyed playing this console game and every day with all my friends. My mother, pretty much the entire @LOCATION1 finds this offensive. One thing I like is that they try to ban and not allow things to be sold from the local store, which is really embarrassing and annoying. Now standing in my position, how do you think this feels about me? I don't think it's fair at all, it's selfish and inconsiderate. It's like taking someone's belongings, telling them what you think of them, then throwing them in the trash, rote, and disappearing forever. I believe you should be able to read whatever you want in the library without worrying that your next favorite book will be taken off the shelf because of a group of people protesting the language or whatever they think is offensive to them in the novel , because the next time you know about it, everything will be off the shelves because everyone has a different opinion. If you don't like this novel, then I will assist you to return it and stop reading it. I think this conclusion is very fair and respectable. So what do you think as a reader, is it fair to be able to read whatever you want, or do you think you can take it off the shelf if you or someone finds it objectionable?
Around the world, there are thousands of people with different opinions. If one thinks a piece of art looks unique, the other @MONTH1 doesn't see any real beauty. But when people have little understanding of other people's concepts, they shouldn't be exposed to books or movies that could be defined as offensive. Some people don't know that @CAPS2 is like being really offended. When I was in middle school, I was a shy, vulnerable, young girl. I just moved to a new school and am terrified of my new environment. For the first few weeks, I felt like an outcast. Like an outsider watching. I'm not for anyone's group. Everyone seems to have had friends for years, and here I am, a freshman with no friends to communicate with. I was isolated and desperately trying to find someone to be my friend. I wonder if something is wrong with me; if I have a bad smell or wear outdated fashion. I try to buy new clothes and change my hair color. As if I didn't even get noticed. Halfway through school before I new it. I'm still a nobody. Then @PERSON1 came along and made me a person. @PERSON1 who just moved to my school looks bold and confident. At first, people waved and said hello, but that was about it. As I sat at the empty lunch table, @PERSON1 approached me and asked to be seated. I couldn't refuse the offer, so I nodded sincerely. We sat and chatted throughout lunch. We have a lot in common and I'm delighted to have formed a friendship with @PERSON1. It took me a few months to realize that @PERSON1 and I are good friends. I know I can give him all my secrets. Although @PERSON1 is close to me, I feel like @CAPS3 is always hiding something. Occasionally I'm brave enough to ask @CAPS3 if there's anything to tell me, but like every previous answer, it's a no. @PERSON1 and I always walk to my house after school. But on one afternoon, something felt wrong. The air appeared to be stagnant for miles. We didn't speak until we entered my house. Suddenly @PERSON1 said, 'Are @CAPS1 people so cruel? I'm shocked by this question because I don't know how to answer it. @PERSON1 senses I don't know what @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is talking about, so @CAPS3 goes on. 'I'm gay. ' I was terrified. Not because @CAPS3 is gay, but because @CAPS3 never told me. I asked, '@CAPS2 happened? @CAPS3 then sat on the couch and told me @CAPS3 heard some of our classmates in the library reading a book about people making fun of gays. I feel sorry for @PERSON1. It's not his fault that @CAPS3 is gay. I don't think certain offensive books, movies or music should be loud on the shelf. Some people are never offended. Some people always offend people for many reasons. Everyone has feelings and it hurts when they are offended. As a community, we should love and respect each other. not reading or listening to something that hurts someone's inner feelings
Dear newspapers, I do believe that certain books, magazines or any other form of updated material should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable. I say this because in any case, either party benefits, both parties benefit, or neither party benefits. If you don't want certain audiences to see the article or article, please don't show it publicly. It's best to keep them in a separate area for an audience mature enough to deal with the implications and/or consequences of this type of material. I say influence because research and personal opinions show that teens and even young children are often influenced by explicit views portrayed in the media. These kids behave in a way that reflects what they see. If they watch a movie full of violence, they @MONTH1 feel like it's their job to act violently. Before they reach the age of maturity and responsibility to make their own decisions, they let the outside world decide what is best. As children grow up, they are obligated to follow certain rules or take matters of authority seriously. Authorities teach us, like children. We develop through our teachings and grow through our environment. You @MONTH1 asked what I was talking about. Well, I believe this situation has something to do with the phrase "think before you speak", as the people presenting this medium don't seem to think about the consequences of their actions. It is suggested that certain materials @MONTH1 not only affect children and teens, but adults as well. I'm not saying that everyone who watches a movie or reads a book about murderers goes out and kills. I'm just saying that our environment pretty much makes us who we are and how we grow up. The media gives us the insights and ideas that sometimes surround our every thought. I do think certain media should be shown in classified locations. If not, then setting an age limit should be an advice and an obligation. My focus on public media presentations is related to my focus on the impact on human life. thank you for your time. Sincerely, @LOCATION1
Many people consider certain books, music or magazines offensive or inappropriate for some young people. Many believe that these materials should be removed from libraries entirely. It is believed that exposing young people to such objectionable material affects the choices they make and how they react in certain situations. Meanwhile others say we shouldn't remove it from the bookshelf. They say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to hear. It's people's right to choose the weather or not, whether it's appropriate for their age. It is not someone else's right to take away choices that are not theirs. Those who think the material should be removed from the library think it will corrode the minds of young people. They believed that the material would send a message that it was okay to do what these books and music said. This in turn creates a different mindset for younger readers. @MONTH1 causes younger readers to be more aggressive or prefer to make bad decisions about the happiness or well-being of those around them. These people want the library to be about learning and to be a healthy environment where young minds can grow naturally, free from aggressive material. People who think they should leave these materials on the shelf say that no one else has the right to make that decision for you by removing them. Readers have the right to choose the weather or not to read the material. The reader is likely to know what the material is saying, regardless of whether the library is in the library or not. They argue that young readers are better off learning about it in a safe environment and then having others show them or tell them about it later in life. If learning through other people, the environment can be much more dangerous than a library. I believe in both to some extent. I don't think it is someone else's right to remove these books from the library. But I also believe young readers shouldn't get it. These books may offend some people, but reading is an option. They don't have to read these books and it doesn't affect them. I think books that are not suitable for younger readers should be placed on higher shelves, or in different parts of the library, out of reach of younger readers. If readers parents want them to learn about it in a safe environment, then they should let the kids sit there and explain it to them in person. In the end, we all have our rights, and we use those rights to choose the weather to read or listen to certain materials. You have no choice but yourself.
While they wrote a lot of books @MONTH1 offended many types of people, some of them just need to be wiped from the face of the earth and those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it. This is one of my favorite quotes and I don't use it lightly. Take "@ORGANIZATION1" for example, this book gives instructions for making bombs, teaches you how to use guns and more. This book is about hatred between people we don't fully understand, like their religion and what they look like. Frankly, this book makes me sick. That's why I think this book needs to be taken off the shelves forever, they're disgusting in the book about @CAPS1 shouldn't be alive, I know this book sleeps better at night. gone. Another book that should be taken off the shelves is another book by @PERSON1 who sent so many people into the gas chambers and sent so many people to their undeserved graves. He sent men, women and children to his many death and work camps. One of the many kids is @PERSON2 who is hiding in gustappo or "@CAPS2 @CAPS3". Thanks to this monster, @CAPS7 lost one of the world's greatest and most desperate writers of @DATE1. This book is full of hate messages and that @CAPS4 people should not be allowed to live in "supposed" @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7. But if we don't have this book, we'll definitely be looking forward to another @CAPS8. All in all, library censorship should be a rule, but only books worth keeping and not these horrible books
A library is a public area where anyone can find the books, movies or magazines they want. Not everyone is interested in the same types of books. Libraries aim to have almost any book anyone can think of. If someone finds a book or movie that offends them, they shouldn't make a fuss about it. They should not be removed from library shelves. I'm against removing objectionable entertainment because it's unfair to the rest of the library. What if a group of adults enjoy watching movies that others find disturbing? If the library took that movie off the shelves, they'd lose business because of one. If the mother of a six-year-old boy wanted to report an inappropriate movie to the librarian, it wouldn't be fair to anyone mature enough to watch that movie. Just unfair to others. Libraries are public property. Having said that, the job of the library is to satisfy the public's thirst for entertainment. They are obligated to provide anyone with books, movies, etc. If a person doesn't like a certain book or magazine, they should search elsewhere for what they want. A few years ago, my mom stopped taking me and my brother to the library. There are too many complaints about the supply or removal of inappropriate books. The library lost @PERCENT1 customers that year because every time the library tried to please them, someone was upset. Everyone would be happy if every entertainment item on the library shelf was kept. If someone disapproves of a movie or something, they can search another bookshelf. Those who complain only do more work for themselves.
Do you think certain books should not be shared with certain people? Honestly, yes, let them read and listen to whatever they find interesting. Whatever the book or @CAPS1 contains is their choice, there is a force in this world called freedom. One might think that if you can read and understand the words written in that book or the lyrics of a song, then you can read and listen to whatever you want. If a young person like a kindergartener picks up a book about sex, you know the child is unlikely to understand it. So yes, any books should remain on the library shelves, open to anyone willing to read them. It's not that you have to be mature enough to read a book, but you have to understand it and be able to read to understand what the book is trying to say. Yes, there are things parents don't want their kids to know, but the world is full of scary things that they will figure out sooner or later. Reading and music allow you to learn and experience different situations that you may never have experienced before. Both books and songs are a way of expressing themselves, and everyone should express themselves in some way. When it comes to movies, things are different. These films are rated for a reason. In a movie rated @CAPS2, I can see @NUM1 year olds watching it because by then those kids are in high school and everything sex and perversion is in their little heads . Most have also taken sex education classes. Blood and all cruel things have also been talked about and heard. So yes, let @NUM1 year olds watch movies rated @CAPS2. One thing that is not recommended is to take a small child to a movie that is not rated for them. Suppose a parent takes a @NUM3-year-old to a horror movie, the child is likely to be scared and scarred from seeing gore, stabbings, and pornography. Movies should be graded to whomever they should be graded. When it comes to music and books, they are great learning tools and also good for self-expression. So learn, experience and express. Whatever your interest in freedom gets, so use it
I love reading so much, I've read several books since I was in high school. In my high school career, the three best books I've read were all about drugs, rape, parties, and inappropriate language. Some parents don't like their kids reading those books and will ask them to take them out of our school library, but I think that's totally wrong. We have freedom of speech and the press, why can't these books be in our school library? Some parents find it offensive, others may not. Most of the time, kids don't agree with their parents anyway, so they read whatever they want, or watch whatever they want, or even listen to what they want to hear. People are different and we have the right to express our opinions. Some parents will say that these kinds of books should be taken out of the library, but this is wrong, don't read them if you don't like them, or prevent your child from reading them. It's just a book, it's not like what actually happened. Books are also separated by age, so younger kids will get books from the kids section, so these are for kids and should be appropriate. Teenagers also have a section where they should be mature enough to deal with what they read in the book. I don't think certain materials should be removed from our libraries because they are considered objectionable by a minority, which would take books away from people who enjoy reading these kinds of books. Well, if all sorts of people are saying that everything is offensive, there will be no more books on the shelves from people who don't find them offensive. When I'm an adult, I'll tell my kids what I expect from them and let them make their own choices, because no matter what they think, if they want to read a book with a bad language, or a book with a language Movies, so be it. It's not like they're actually doing what happens in the book. In general, I think removing books from libraries is completely wrong because people complain that they are objectionable
I do think certain materials should be removed from the shelves. They are certain books, music, movies, magazines that people find very offensive. There are probably several books with some great material. Pictures in magazines, cd cases or movie/dvd cases would be very offensive to @MONTH1. I've never really seen anything like this before, but it does happen in schools all over the world. People may not understand what certain materials want you to do, but they @MONTH1 will be offended and tell others. They were most likely telling people not to get it and telling the school they were offended by the material. Certain materials should be removed from the shelves.
Libraries have the right to decide how much they want the materials on their shelves to be censored. Much of @MONTH1's material is considered offensive to some people. However, some of @MONTH1's material is offensive to one person, it @MONTH1 will not be offensive to another. Americans enjoy freedom of speech, freedom of writing, and many other rights. The library should have the right to put whatever material it wants on the shelf. There will always be offensive songs, books, movies and magazines. However, some material @MONTH1 may find offensive, and @MONTH1 is not. The library @MONTH1 cannot please everyone. "But if they have the right to take that book off the shelf - which is the kind of job I hate - then they have the same right and everyone else has the same right. And we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us. people use (Patterson). Patterson simply explained that if someone finds something objectionable and wants to remove it from the shelf, soon all the books will be removed and the shelf will be Nothing. Libraries are a place where everyone can come to find what they are looking for without a hitch. One may not be looking for something objectionable. So coming across something objectionable @MONTH1 would be disturbing But they should be able to try to ignore it. It's people's choice to choose that library to attend. So they will choose to look for objectionable material. If someone doesn't want to encounter objectionable material, they should choose not to go to the library . Americans have the right to liberty, and so do libraries. If one comes across a nasty piece of material, it should be ignored. Libraries can't please by taking all merchandise that @MONTH1 considers offensive EVERYONE. Nothing at all. People should be aware that they @MONTH1 will encounter some objectionable material when they enter the library, so this will always be an option for people to go to the library
I believe some material should be removed if it is very offensive. I also believe that if it helps you learn then it should stay on the shelf. Everyone has a different idea of what is offensive or appropriate and what is not. Plus, everyone has different ideas or expectations about whether books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are appropriate. Everyone should read the book cover etc to see if it suits them. Libraries should put warning stickers on books so people know the graphics or plain language. So I think libraries should put warning signs on everything to reduce the number of books removed from the shelves. And so on, my decision is not to remove certain material, only if it is objectionable. Librarians should use warning stickers on books so that people know ahead of time about graphics or vulgar language. I believe this will help and reduce problems with our library. Even though I think a lot of people will disagree, this is what I think should happen. That's why I believe this should happen. One day, when I was young and I was just starting to read, I stumbled across a book. I was reading it to my mom and she took the book and handed it to Leah Barrian and told what happened. I think I said a very inappropriate word, they don't know that language is in this book. So now every time my mom takes my brother to the library, she makes sure the books they want are appropriate for that age group so the same accident doesn't happen again. Will you be the same as your child? I know that I will not only do it for my children, but also for other children
In today's world, when kids are '@CAPS1 easy things, their thoughts and ideas are constantly racing through our minds, whether it's the pressure of school or the pressure of @DATE1. But the last thing children think about is whether the literature they read is objectionable. I don't think censorship should be enforced more strictly than it is now. Despite the disagreement of parents and governments, censorship will only make future children more closed and sheltered than they are now. Kids should' @CAPS1 lose their innocence so quickly, but neither should they' @CAPS1 be so indifferent to the world. So I'm against censorship because it doesn't do anything but give kids more shelter. Censorship has been posted on music and movies, and it doesn't help that kids still listen to '@CAPS1 music that is their age, but they don't' @CAPS1 know the meaning behind the lyrics. Censoring movies and the @CAPS1.V show' @CAPS1 also helps a lot as the internet makes things easier and more accessible for teens and children. So unless we censor the internet. No one wants this to happen, then we have to make our children more open to the public world because sooner or later they will discover something. Censorship will ultimately shape how our world works, but it doesn't have to be. If parents just sit down with their kids and talk to them more about certain things, then there is no need for cersorship' @CAPS1
Hello! My name is @PERSON1. I'm writing to you @DATE1 because they have a big conflict over whether material in the library should be removed from the shelf. I know they are the ones who will agree or disagree, but I think what they should do is leave them. Yes, I said they should stay put. People all over the world are troubled by all the little things in life, but what we don't understand is that they will always be things in life that we don't like and that will never change. For example, people are dissatisfied with the material in the library and want it removed. I mean come on people wake up and realize you don't always have things because you don't and they're always going to be things you have to deal with. I believe these types of materials should stay where they are because people can ignore them that we just decided not to look at. We all do big things for such small things . People shouldn't just look at it and move on, don't sit back and make a fuss, just turn away because you don't like it, doesn't mean other people don't like it. Everyone in this world needs to see what they don't like, but we have to get over them and move on. It will happen forever and there is nothing they can do about it. People all over the world @MONTH1 agree or disagree with what I have to say, but it's your opinion and what you think of it is your choice. I would say that although they should stay, people need to get over themselves and see the truth in life and know that even if they are something we don't like, don't sit down and argue about it, just get out of it and go your own way. So here is my article for you. People need to see that they don't always get what they want in life, but they need to move on. Like this, if you have questions about things around you, like being offended by things in the library, and want them removed, sorry, but no. Learn to get rid of it because your liking @MONTH1 is not what other people like, what they like @MONTH1 is not yours, we just have to get on with our lives and let it be because other people's opinions @MONTH1 don't match yours. Leave the material alone because as people we need to see where in our lives we don't always find our way and learn how to get out of it instead of making a fuss about the trivial things we can get out of
I don't think books should be censored. I believe if it's on the shelf, anyone can pick it up. Books in the library are on the shelves, and children are taking them every day, if they are within their sight, why can't they read. I've been to the library many times and in all my experience I've never come across a book that is offensive. If the books were offensive, I'm sure they wouldn't put them out for everyone to see. Every time I go to the library, I never come across an objectionable book. I think if they allow some ads on TV then why some books can't. I believe reading can sharpen the mind, if one child after another adult, but who are we to say no, you can't read that. Libraries shouldn't look at what they've listed because if you think you shouldn't read that book, you won't pick it up in the first place. If your child picks up a book you don't want them to read, you shouldn't take him to the store in the first place. If you don't like the music selection provided by the library, go to another store. Libraries have bigger concerns than your personal musical tastes. If you don't like some of the magazines they have, order them online. There is no reason for you to buy any library that meets library standards, the library is the place to help. If you don't like what they have, then don't go to the library, it's not mandatory. These are some valid points that I don't think books, magazines, movies, etc. should be censored. If you don't like their movies, don't go to the library. If you think their magazine is inappropriate, order the magazine online. If you don't like the books there, order them online or go to the bookstore. That's why I don't think books should be censored.
As many would agree, censorship is a growing topic of concern around the world. I personally feel that censorship is necessary to a certain extent. If a person finds the content of music, movies or books problematic, he or she can choose to read, listen or watch. In a lot of deabed material, movies have ratings, just like music has "beeps." Movies are rated "@CAPS1" for all viewers, "@CAPS2" for parental guidance, "@NUM1" for parental guidance for ages @NUM2 and over, and finally "@CAPS3" for anyone under @NUM3 to suggest or An adult is required to be present during the movie viewing. At home, ratings are based on parental preferences. In movie theaters, restrictions become a law. No one under the age of 13 is allowed to watch "@NUM1" or "@CAPS3" unless accompanied by an adult (anyone @NUM5 or older). Anyone who is not @NUM3 or above @MONTH1 cannot enter a movie rated "@CAPS3" unless accompanied by someone @NUM7 or above. Depending on your location, @MONTH1 is more or less restrictive. Ultimately, the rating system is designed to force parents to choose what is and isn't suitable for their children. As for the music on the radio, all the "curse words" were "beeped" out. If a person wants to buy their own music, the artist must make two of the same album, one with censorship and one without. So the decision is usually made for the parents, usually assuming they are the ones with their child's album or music. For books, there are no ratings, only genres let readers know who the author's target audience is. Types of genres include "Adult", "Young Adult", and "Kids" sections in libraries and bookstores. As with music and TV, the ultimate choice of purchase is entirely up to the parent. Despite the many restrictions set, there are still some glitches in the system. Obviously, if you're @NUM2 or younger, you most likely don't have ID. This gives people working in movie theaters the option of letting in people they think are adults. Looks like @MONTH1 is lying. Buying music from the internet also doesn't require any kind of identification. How can they prove your age? Few cashiers will stop a child and say "that's not for you" when shopping for a book. Maybe kids of all ages should have an identity. While these are fundamental problems with censorship, they all seem to be blamed on parents. Censorship is a huge topic of discussion among parents in today's young and evolving society, but in reality, if they have a problem with the content, they themselves get rid of the material or ban the use and/or purchase of it. All in all, it's about parents and their personal preferences
Books should not be taken off the shelf. Most people have different tastes in books, magazines or movies. If people find one of these offensive, why can't they ignore it? They can go for a different one. Not everyone should have the same tastes as one, and that's who we are today. It would be a very boring world if everyone had the same taste in everything. I prefer horror novels. My personal opinion, I think they have a lot of excitement; killing or something. I also don't like reading very much, I read when I have absolutely nothing to do. It's hard to transfer to a different series of novels. Such as: romance, horror, adventure, and even poetry! Understanding poetry takes a lot. Poetry has many big adjectives. @PERSON1 For example, he's one of my favorite poets; he's actually known for everything he does. Well, he didn't become famous until after his death. In general, not everyone has the same taste in books, magazines, movies, or even poetry. Even in this respect, we are all different.
How often do you find a book or magazine that you don't want your kids or other people to read? I mean I find them every day, for example, how people use language like swearing there, or even the TV shows they watch. I also hear it when I'm with my friends or in a crowd. You hear them every day, even if you don't want to, but you do. I do believe that libraries should not even be within the reach of children, not even during the library period. It's a public place and no one wants to see anyone in the library holding these books. What happens if a kid gets one and they're looking for it and if it gives them nightmares or if it involves crime or rap or miss something wrong happens. Sometimes children read something, they say it, or they do it. So if kids see it and they @MONTH1 think it's okay to do it, or they might think it's great or cool, they might do it. Again, you'll hear it in your everyday basics, like swearing. Suppose your child hears or reads scary language that they might say to you or some of your friends and you don't know where they heard it or who told them. Movies are even related to it because all of its movies are from kids to adults. They should separate the movie and not even watch the movie because the kids might see the case and see something scary or drug-related and that's something you don't want your kids to see or even hear. Even if you hear them every day, you shouldn't get them from a public library or even any public place with children. They need to get books that describe anything about crime, drugs, or even movies. That's why I think they should throw those books and movies off the shelf and keep them away from kids
I don't think they should remove material from the library if they find it objectionable. People find different things offensive, while others don't. If you start taking these things out, then you are likely to lose everything, books and your people. An example of what I'm talking about is some people are aggressive turn movies with violent scenes. Others love the violence in these shows. Libraries may be the only way for people to get to the things they love. Another example is that magazines may contain material that you do not want your children to see or see. The same magazine helps students with homework in school. Children may need objectionable material that can help them through life. In conclusion, I think if someone finds movies and books offensive, we shouldn't take it away. Some objectionable material can be used to help students get an education there. Other objectionable material that some adults enjoy reading or watching. Just because one person finds something objectionable doesn't mean the next person who comes in will.
Does man have the right to restrict his freedom? Does man have the right to limit his imagination? Do people have the right to limit self-expression? Many people in the world today think so. Book review is a big thing in today's world. Whether weather books deemed "offensive" should be taken out of libraries is a serious question. Censoring books limits not only self-expression, but also knowledge and our constitutional right to free speech. I believe people shouldn't be able to censor books. Censoring a book is like limiting the human imagination. Throughout their lives, people have been urged to think outside the box. We were taught as children that being unique and different is a good thing. We're all told this, yet when writers express themselves in books, those who tell them to think outside the box want to censor their ideas. By reviewing books, we tell the world that imagination is a bad thing. Many people want to censor books so their children cannot read "offensive" content. They believe that by taking books they deem "offensive" out of the library, they can protect their children from the bad things in the world. This is not the case. People at @MONTH1 can censor books, but no one can censor life. With or without books, children learn "offensive" things. Book censorship limits knowledge. @PERSON1's @CAPS1 was a pretty ugly book at the time it was written. Because of the language used in this book, many people thought it was rubbish. Many want it to be censored. Today's @CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1 is a well-known classic. In fact, I was required to read it at school. Regardless of the language used in this book, it presents part of the history of @CAPS3. Come to think of it, if people at the time had taken it out of the library, I would probably never have read this book, and I would have never had the knowledge I gained from reading it. It is our constitutional right to write and read the books of our choice. America was built on the idea of liberty. Under the Constitution, we enjoy freedom of speech. By taking books out of the library, we limit our freedom of speech. No one should be allowed to tell you that you can't read a book you want to read. No one should be allowed to tell you that you can't write a book on your own terms. If we start censoring books, writers will be forced to censor their personal ideas. Having writers do this limits their freedom of speech. If freedom of speech is restricted, what other freedoms will be restricted in the coming years? Book censorship, and censorship in general, is not a good thing; all it does is limit things. If we start censoring books, we're giving our children a message that this difference is bad. If freedom of speech is restricted, how long before our other rights are restricted? where will it end? Before taking our first book off the shelf, we need to ask ourselves whether we have the right to restrict freedom
Personally, this letter to the newspaper and my take on library censorship is that I think music, books, magazines, etc. should stay on the shelf. If they can acquire illiteracy, they should be able to be read or heard. This section will be about music, books, magazines, etc. Too many people in the music industry think some songs are inappropriate when in fact it destroys the whole meaning of the whole song. Maybe age can be suggested, but that's all they should do, they shouldn't cut content. Anyone should read or check these magazines because they are illustrated books. If they get hired, they should speak up anyway. Movies should be put into the library with age recommendations, because someone has to allow the movie to show in theaters, @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. In my experience, I see people complaining about these things. I really don't understand why you are complaining about these things. Now you decide what you think about library review
What is censorship? Censorship can be described as restraint or restraint, or as common courtesy. The real question is what are we limiting? Censorship is not worth supporting. Censorship of a book is like chocolate cake without chocolate, it robs education of its value and fun. Libraries shouldn't be censoring their books, movies or music for this, despite the disapproval of many @MONTH1s. Some @MONTH1 found "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" or "@PERSON1's @CAPS3" to be offensive books because of their repeated use of the word "@CAPS4". There is some debate on this as well, I know a few @CAPS5 @CAPS6 who find the word "@CAPS4" offensive, but not in this case. They say it brings more educational value to the book because the word "@CAPS4" was an exception in the age of @PERSON1. That was the situation at the time. Past and present, censorship obscures reality. Those who write, sing, and direct what is deemed "inappropriate" are the ones who try to unleash the truth. "Inappropriate" language or experience is what really happened, what was actually said. By using censorship, you are sheltering the world. Cesorship is the tool we use to stop ourselves from being disconnected from reality. Is that the right choice? Is it right to send sheltered teens who can't fend for themselves around the world? Or should we let them know how it works
Censorship 'All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- a job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 Quote from an author named Katherine Paterson. I don't think certain materials, such as books, should be removed from the shelves under any circumstances. Everyone has the right to express their opinion on certain materials. What's the point of writing or even reading books if books are taken down due to censorship? If people keep removing books because they find them objectionable, there will be no books to read. I have read a lot of offensive books. Whether it's related to religion, or revealing too much porn, I'm sure it's offensive to someone somewhere. Books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing. If you were to take or ban a book from the shelves, what would the author of the book think? @CAPS1 The world is full of offensive and disturbing books. It's not right to just get rid of these things because they haunt us. Everyone has the right to read any book they want. Just because it offends one person doesn't mean it offends everyone. I think censorship is unnecessary. What gives anyone the right to delete or change something as inappropriate? I've personally read some books that I don't want small children to read, but that doesn't mean I should take it off the shelf. Perhaps, others have been waiting to find that book. If I do delete it, then I'm limiting other people's experience of reading that book. In general, censorship is wrong. Everyone has the right to have their own beliefs and different expressions. I don't believe anyone has the right to take something that someone has been working on for a long time to make and delete it because they find it offensive. There will always be something you won't approve of. Just because you disapprove of it doesn't mean everyone disapproves. Authors write books for a reason, musicians write music for a reason, and people make movies and magazines for a reason. What gives anyone the right to take something someone made and ban it from the rest of the world because it's offensive? Books can help us be more educated and more open to different ideas and ideas. We shouldn't ban them just because they offend someone. If you don't like a book because it offends you, don't read it. It's that simple. If people keep removing books because they're objectionable, there won't be any books to read.
If someone's looking for an offensive book, they'll find it, whether it's dust on a library shelf or a brand new book in a bookstore. The same goes for offensive @CAPS1, magazines or movies. Removing objectionable items from library shelves will only cause people searching for them to look elsewhere. Different people have different opinions on what is offensive and what is not. @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is an example of a controversial book that many believe offends their religious beliefs. While many found @CAPS2 @CAPS3 offensive, others loved the story. If the book is taken from the library because some people find it objectionable, other people who really like the book can't read it. Another reason why libraries shouldn't remove objectionable items from their shelves is that it's likely that entire books, magazines, movies, etc. will not be offensive throughout the process. Even if there is one objectionable scene in a movie, the rest of the movie can be a great story that many people will benefit from. The same goes for books or magazines. @MONTH1 There will be a few offensive chapters or an offensive article or two, but you'll rarely find a book, movie or magazine offensive from start to finish. Of course, even with just one or two offensive scenes, chapters, or articles, there are still some offensive items that are bad for young kids. There are simpler solutions to this problem than removing items from the shelves entirely. One solution to this problem might be for libraries to set age limits on certain items so that young children cannot view material that is too inappropriate. But more importantly, it will be the job of parents to monitor what their children are reading, watching or listening to. Removing objectionable books, magazines, music and movies from library shelves will only cause more questions and complaints. I think it's a good idea to leave materials on library shelves and remind library users to "read at your own risk".
School library reviews are important, but at the same time unnecessary. I believe many of the books in the school library are not suitable for younger children, but these books should not be taken out of our library because I feel high school students are mature enough to read this material. The material in this book is no different from what was in high school. Most of these books look ahead to real life stories, and @MONTH1 is able to help people cope and realize they are not alone. At the same time, although many of these books do contain swear words, some porn scenes, parties, alcohol and drugs. These books are too old for elementary and even middle school students to read. Like @PERSON1's books about a girl who is addicted to drugs, pregnant, jailed and homeless. I read these books and they are really good books and they show me how trying one drug at a time can ruin your life. I learned a lot from these books, but I don't think anyone under the age of 14 should read them. Censorship should have a limit. There are a lot of stories in the book, and the school corridors are all the same, what's the difference? That's why authors write about what they do in order to connect with teens. Many books are author experiences, so they are geared toward high school age. Many authors will add an age category to their books, such as fourteen and over. Libraries should pay attention to these ratings before placing books in the library. Someone @MONTH1 is mad at what they read in the book, but I don't think the book should be taken off the shelves because of one person. If it becomes a bigger problem then it should be cancelled but in the meantime a book @MONTH1 is a way for others to escape the hardships of life. Many adults will disagree with me because they feel that if a teen is reading a story about someone drinking, using drugs, or having sex, they are more likely to do those things. I don't think it's true because of the book I'm reading right now, they're partying and drinking, but I'm not doing that. What's the difference between someone reading it in a book and seeing it on TV? What I saw on @LOCATION1 was much worse than what I saw in the book. Parents should be happy that their teens are reading instead of playing video games or going out with friends. These are just my opinions, some @MONTH1 agree with me and others @MONTH1 disagree, but I will stand by my opinion
Library review. Censorship is a big conflict for many libraries. @CAPS2 There are a lot of offensive books that shouldn't be on the shelf. Many schools refer to these books, magazines and movies as "@CAPS1". @CAPS2 is usually a week when people read all the @CAPS1 books from the school library. I participated in this school-wide challenge because I did not agree to banned books. Banning books can be a good thing, but it can also be very harmful for many reasons. First of all, I would like to think about banning books or anything from an author's or writer's point of view. How would you feel if you spent about @NUM1 years writing this story/movie for kids and got @CAPS1 in the first few weeks on the shelves. I don't think many people will like it. I also think a lot of people don't think the author has that much meaning. When I think about this, it reminds me of all the things in our world that we can't read. Includes newspapers, books and magazines. It might even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write things down on what people want to hear or see. I feel like when books or movies are @CAPS1 or removed, it makes the author feel like they are worthless. The parent's point of view makes things worse. Think of it this way, your child will come home from school with the book he/she wants you to read with him. You sit down and start reading, and suddenly you come across a violent or inappropriate scene in the story. You suddenly stop reading and watch your child enjoy the violence and love the story! What do you do? Many parents would call the school and explain what happened and complain about banning the book and taking it away from children who could get it. There's no point in taking it away, because just banning it from the school library doesn't mean they can't find it anywhere else. What do you think your child will think now that he likes this story? I know this makes me think I'm doing something wrong. Taking things off the shelf also has a bright side. When you take a book, movie or magazine off the shelf, it disappears from the library forever. That's probably a good thing, because then kids don't have an obvious reason to learn about the story. This is a good idea if you don't want your kids or other kids to see it. It makes @CAPS1 objects harder to find and harder for kids to catch. If the book or movie isn't around, then they don't want to read the next book or watch the next movie. @CAPS2 There are many different viewpoints on censorship, which can influence how people choose what happens in a library. My take on this topic is negative and I fully support it. If writers work hard to write stories, they shouldn't be penalized for expressing their feelings in the story. Many different people have had this problem, and @CAPS2 has many different opinions on the topic. For the next @CAPS1 Book Week, I'll be supporting authors who are overwhelmed by getting @CAPS1 jobs. I hope you will too.
Censorship of public libraries, allowed? I believe it should be, there are several different points of view. For one thing, why do some people dislike the plot of the series, so the books are being pulled? Second, @CAPS1 surpasses a million of us @CAPS1 and we are different in many ways. Also @CAPS2, reading is one of the things that sets us apart from each other. One might read calming heartwarming stories rather than making people at @CAPS1 like wanting something more intense to be able to read. All of us are different around the world. Humans have different tastes in food, music, movies and books. Everyone has different ways to satisfy their enjoyment of reading books, to me books are like religion, not all of us are, at the same time we are all free to live in our religion without any punishment , then why would you take away books that people like to read freely? For me, it just isn't right in my eyes. It's like taking candy from an innocent baby because it rots its teeth. I mean sure there are some books to @MONTH1 people that offend them but they might be some people out @CAPS1 books that offended those people etc but why take the candy even though your baby's teeth aren't rotted go? Meaning if the books were tagged on each individual shelf about what it's all about, they would. People don't feel so offended to find them in the wrong place. Looking at the views, do you see where I'm coming from? We are all the same, but in books where we find each other and ourselves in books, I know many readers with different tastes. No matter who they are or who their friends are, we are all different. For many people other than me, would agree with this. So tell me again why censorship shouldn't be in public libraries
Books are a form of history, and each book tells a story from the past. Historically, we don't stop anything offensive that happens, so why are we removing any books that contain offensive material. It is wrong to deprive children of any learning tools. Books are a very important learning tool in schools today, and there is something new in every book that children can learn from. So even taking away a book can make a child learn one less thing. Doing so intentionally would go against everything the school stands for. There are many different janras books, but if one only likes to read young adult books because of its relevance to the culture there and not everyone likes every jonra, there is a high chance of objectionable language and events. If you're going to take this from the young people in the school; again, the person will miss books because right now they're not interested in any books in the library. If you can even think of an instance where you can keep students away from learning opportunities, you shouldn't. But the truth is there are plenty of reasons why you shouldn't take any literature from your library shelves
Libraries shouldn't remove a project just because some people find it offensive. People like different types of books, so refurbishing some will reduce the choice. Fewer book choices means fewer people have a reason to go there.
Are books, music, movies and other materials suitable for everyone? Everyone has their own opinions and beliefs about which materials are good and which are unacceptable to the human mind. Children, young adults and adults all over the world read books, magazines, listen to music and watch movies. These are hobbies that most people enjoy doing. Everyone reads different types of books, whether it's mystical, romantic, or Bible-based, people read. Removing books, magazines, and other materials from library shelves can leave the library empty. When people come looking for books to read, they look for things they think they'll like. If they like one thing, another might not. They may find a book objectionable, but does that mean that others are also objectionable to the book? Taking that book out will put the person who likes that book in the dilemma of finding another book. Everyone is different and everyone has their own story, just like these books. Magazines, like books, are meant to be enjoyed. I believe some magazines may not be suitable for some people, but that doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelves. That means the person shouldn't be reading it at all. Magazines are made for everyone, which is why there are so many different kinds of magazines. They want every magazine to be for everyone. Music is the number one entertainment that people enjoy. There are so many different genres for a reason. The music industry does its best to categorize music according to your tastes. Just because there's something you don't like in a song doesn't mean you can delete that song from everyone. Music is used in many different ways. It relaxes you and cheers you up and it is used for parties, events and many other things. All songs are different, so you can use them however you want. Band music because someone didn't like it, changed the music forever. There is no music to listen to. People should be able to watch the movies they want. That's why movies have ratings. What is acceptable for teens, but not acceptable for young children. That's why they shouldn't look at it. If people ban all movies they deem inappropriate. There will be no rented movie stores, movie theaters, or success in the film production industry. Everyone should know what kind of movies they like, they should only watch the movies they like and leave other movies to the people they like. No, books, magazines, movies and music can't be for everyone. Materials bring all the different types of themes and stories for everyone. Each material is fun for different people. Bundling up all the materials that you think are inappropriate will leave the shelves empty. what kind of library is that
As a student, child, and U.S. citizen, I believe every book should be allowed into any library. Books, express feelings, emotions, etc., movies, music too. How can we learn anything in this world without them. Every book has an explanation, a title and a reason to read it. Today, millions of people read more ads because there are all the books out there. However, I do believe the reason every book should be in a library is because they are all different. No matter what the book is about, some books may seem offensive, but everyone has something they don't like. There are a lot of people out there who will defend certain things like certain people, animals, countries, different skin colors, curses and even sports. We all have our opinions, and if you don't like a book because it has something you don't like, it's simple, don't read it, someone else might like it. Movies, books, music, magazines, etc. should be allowed anywhere
Dear newspapers, in my opinion, I don't think libraries should censor materials such as books, music, movies, magazines and more. Reviewing library materials can solve many problems. I disagree with library censorship of materials for a number of reasons. In the next paragraphs, I'll explain why I disagree with libraries reviewing many of their materials. Many libraries around the world @MONTH1 have reviewed their materials. I believe the library does a lot of censorship on most of their material because they @MONTH1 have kids under 18 who regularly watch a lot of explicit content. Libraries shouldn't be censoring their material, but in my opinion, neither should they be giving underage children access to any material that only adults can view. Additionally, if providing computer access to children, adult premium goggles should be nearby to ensure that nothing obvious is being watched. A library review can address many issues such as clients not getting all the information they need to access a certain material, children not meeting their abilities or standards, and children not learning enough or getting the information they need to go to school . If all of these things happened before libraries had their materials reviewed, many libraries would not be able to get any customers. Yes, most people @MONTH1 visit the library for the wrong reasons, but for others, those wrong reasons @MONTH1 are their reason for more information. Materials in libraries can also be offensive to most people. However, what is offensive to most people may be useful to others. If something is found to offend someone, I don't think it should be removed from the shelf. If books and/or materials are removed from the shelves, a lot of useful information that is available to people is hidden. In conclusion, I don't think library materials should be censored because a lot of information can be lost. A review does not always mean that the material is bad, it can also mean that the material is not suitable for viewing or reading by people of that particular age. If the libraries I visit have most of their material censored, I'll convince library staff to cancel the censorship. Censorship isn't always bad or always good, but it can hide a lot of information against us.
I think all books, music, movies, magazines and anything objectionable should be taken off the shelves because @CAPS1 are little kids who read and they don't need to hear or hear objectionable stuff. But at the same time, for those who do want to hear or hear something like this, they should be an area in the library for such material. @CAPS1 is a variety of libraries that have objectionable books, movies, magazines, etc. for other reasons, and they should take objectionable material down because it might be racist or just offend something, people Don't want to see or object to white people hating black people or black people hating white people or any type of racist thing. It shouldn't be ignored because it hurts someone's feelings. I have my own observations by reading some books in the school library and have come across some offensive words. Like in some books they use the word nigger because I'm black and it's offensive to me I know they didn't say it to me but they still say it and it kind of touches me . I'm not saying it's offensive to everyone, but it's me, so they can be like I said, instead of putting offensive books on their shelves, they should have an area where they can find similar material, Instead of putting material where children and others will be offended. The last thing I want to talk about is that for kids and other people they don't want to see nasty stuff in books, and if I have kids I don't want my kids to see nasty stuff that might offend thing. @CAPS1 Books also talk about drugs, people don't want to hear or read about it. But @CAPS1 there are also people who do want to see or read similar things, like older people, who see things differently, so that's why @CAPS1 should be an area for this kind of material in the library again. Lastly, I think @CAPS1 should listen to me and take what I have to say because material in books, music or magazines can offend anyone and any race can be offended by what they see or read @CAPS1 should be a place in the library
Censorship is an important part of many things in the library. With books, movies, magazines, and computers, anyone can do it. Children love to go to the library to pick up books and then hang out with friends. Strict parents may think books, magazines and music are offensive and should not be in the library, but others don't. I believe people see things differently. Some people think that children see bad things that make them want to do it. Others believe that children learn from the objectionable things they see. Another thing people think of libraries as bad is talking. Not everyone who goes to the library just wants to sit and not talk to anyone. Most people don't go to the library because of this. Going to the library is fun. You can buy almost any book you want to read there. No parent should worry about children reading books that are inappropriate for that age group, as libraries are very good at marking these sections as age groups. They also can't view the book because the staff there are good at making sure it's not a book that person shouldn't be reading. Also, most of the younger kids who go there always go with adults. So parents can keep an eye out for kids out there if she doesn't believe that kids are right to read these objectionable books. Parents shouldn't let their kids go to the library without them if they're afraid of their kids doing something or seeing something bad. Talking in the library is always fun because you can talk about the books you read or just hang out. If the kids were laughing or talking about something, the staff and people there would get very angry. I think they should build a place where people can go to meet and talk. In a library, there are a lot of good things to do, and bad things people always feel welcome there. People say offensive books are usually funny. So if you don't want to watch or your kids don't want to watch offensive books and movies, you should make sure you don't get into the adult section.
Libraries are places to find books, music, and other things. This is a great resource; it helps people in all kinds of ways. The question is, will everything you have access to be removed from the shelves if found offensive? If books, music or any other items on the shelf are found to be objectionable, they should be removed from the shelf. They should have a section for those specific types of materials. To access certain materials, you must get permission from the librarian so it doesn't offend anyone. You might ask why it can't be put on the shelf. You can't put it on the shelf because it might offend someone's cultural beliefs or look inappropriate for young people. So that's why they have to be removed. I believe they should be removed for these different reasons. A library is a place that can be used as a resource or as entertainment. Everyone who goes to the library should have everything they need there.
Is it understandable that some books are restricted to people because of their age? No, whether libraries should restrict things like movies, books, and CDs to certain people is not the whole question. My reasoning for this is not that @MONTH1 is bad for people. And then @MONTH1 influenced them again in a wonderful way. This is how people discover who they are, what they are interested in, what they like, and what they want to do. If it weren't for an institution like a library, most people would be just like everyone else and have no personality about themselves. People will be very similar, with little difference from others. There are a few things people should know about the book. It's just that these fields are restricted to certain age groups. Movies and CDs are easier to understand for the actual graphic violence and language used by some of the musicians and actors @MONTH1. Except in a book, it's not what other people are doing, it's talking about what you yourself are reading and how you are influencing it. Reflecting on what you read and how you read requires more than just what some people do. That's the whole case of whether a library restricts certain things (e.g. movies, books, and CDs) to a certain age group, but instead marks those areas as something to know for that category before looking at it. So that's my opinion and belief about why or why libraries shouldn't be limited to certain people.
Many books in the library have swear words, depending on how you read and analyze swear words. For some, strong words help readers understand their point. To others, these words are just offensive. I don't agree that most books offend the reader, I believe they just help the author understand their point. Many children encounter books with offensive language, but if they only read books that are appropriate for their age, they shouldn't have these problems. There's more objectionable language in adult books, but it's a different story to the eyes and ears of adults because they hear and probably say a lot of what they see in these books word. I think any objectionable reading should be found and sent to an area in the library where if you're an adult you can view the books. It's a way to keep kids away from these books, words, and keep them "innocence." In any case, children do not need to read books with offensive language, but of course it is up to their guardians. The tough language in the book isn't necessarily a bad thing, as long as the reader who owns the book understands it as the author intended, it's likely to help with the theme. Children should keep these books away, but they should not be completely removed from the shelf. They should be in their own area for adults to read
All libraries offer books to all readers, regardless of age. Books on the shelf are or should be listed alphabetically, with the author's last name first. I think some but not all readings should be removed due to some graphics in each reading, eg books, music, mvies. Each bookshelf should be arranged by age difference and separate from other books and/or bookshelves. If one child will read period-style books on the proper island, fewer will pick up the wrong book. If children learn to listen and follow directions where to find age-appropriate books, there will be fewer incidents of children picking the wrong book from the shelf. If kids get the wrong age-appropriate book from the shelf, I think their parents will take responsibility and get it back and buy the right book for their kids. If parents are responsible for taking action, their children should understand that they took the wrong book from the shelf. Don't kids understand that if their parents had to get the wrong book back, they would learn not to do it again? I think some (but not all) reading materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should be removed due to some graphic features in each reading material. The books on each shelf are or should be listed alphabetically, with the author's last name first. All libraries offer books to all readers, regardless of age.
In many libraries, there are books, movies, magazines, and music that are objectionable. Some people find them more offensive than others. I believe these things shouldn't be removed from the shelf just because someone finds them objectionable. I believe this is because other people @MONTH1 are interested in it, we need information from library resources, all books make people smarter. These resources are in the library for a reason. If something on the shelf is distracting, they don't bother. People can find what they like and stay away from what they don't like. For example, some books talk about real things that happen to real people in real life, and some @MONTH1 can't handle the descriptive details given; if it's not easy to handle, just put it back and read something else. Everyone in this world is different and we all like different things. Also, some books in the library are used for informational texts. College students, teachers and students from all over the world need a library with these books, movies, music and magazines. For example, they @MONTH1 need these resources to help with a course or presentation. If they get deleted, they won't be able to find their information because it's objectionable. In the end, all books make people smarter. Sometimes things are esoteric, and these books help explain them better. We learn something new every day, and we learn by reading books. Not only books, magazines and movies also help. Reading books can help people improve their vocabulary and communication skills. For example, people who read more than others are usually people who enjoy participating in plays and have no problem speaking in front of people. This is due to their intelligent reading level. They are easier to remember than those who don't read and have a larger vocabulary. As you can see, people like different things, and some people find these resources offensive. Also, books are used to help people, they make people smarter. If books, movies, and music were removed, our intelligence would be no better than it is now. Everyone has some problems, that's life. Life has problems and we have to learn to deal with them. In fact, we have to do it when these problems arise, because we see everything differently, but taking books off the shelf doesn't help; they can only help us
I think those who find them objectionable just need to stay away from their genre of books, music, movies and magazines. Some books people need to know. Consent camps are taken out of instinct and people need to know about them so we can prevent that horrific incident from happening again. I think by getting people to read these types of books, it helps us understand and understand what happened in the past. So we need to put books on the shelves and let people know, or we could be in danger. They could be in danger because of people like @PERSON1 and killed millions of Jews just because they looked different. Also love slavery, just because they're a different color doesn't mean they're not human. So putting them on the shelf can help our future. Also, if you're nervous about music or movies, don't listen/watch them, but let others who are interested in them learn. My mom didn't think bloody horror movies should be allowed in stores, but I told her that's what some people like to watch, and people need to watch some of them to try not to let things like that happen. Finally, we should keep some of these terrible books, music, movies and magazines on our shelves so we can work to make terrible historical events happen again
I don't think books, music and magazines should be taken off the shelf. Wherever you go in the world, whether you like it or not, you will be exposed to things that you find inappropriate or objectionable. @TIME1 The world is far from perfect. One reason I don't believe they should be removed is because it's unconstitutional. Freedom of speech and freedom of the press cannot be tampered with. If a particular library deems their articles inappropriate, a simple solution is to put those articles in a section of the library and warn people about what they are. The main reason I don't think books, music and magazines should be taken off the shelves is because the world is a dirty place and books are the last thing you care about. Children cannot be sheltered for life, they need to face reality, and books are a good source. Kids these days are resilient and can deal with "inappropriate" content. Parents need to face the fact that their children will be exposed to objectionable things in our @TIME1 imperfect world. It's just a natural part of growing up. Another contributing factor is that it is unconstitutional to remove books and other articles from the shelves of the @LOCATION1 library. When amendments to freedom of speech and the press are written, they intend to stay there. They're not guidelines to look at, they're set-in-stone rules for the great @TIME1 country. People come to @TIME1 for the freedom to ask bigger questions than books. Who are we to tell people what they can and cannot write. People's natural opinions cannot and should not be dominated. I think censoring stuff in the library is a crime against @LOCATION1. The last reason I don't review the library is that it all comes down to whoever runs the library. If they think some of their articles are profound and inappropriate, just segregate them to a section of the library and issue a warning for people to see. If people don't want to be offended, they just stay away from those parts. Take responsibility for apparently so offensive content in these libraries, and keep them in their own area and away from them, don't take them out entirely because who knows someone @MONTH1 wants that offensive book. These are all support for my personal opinion that libraries should not be censored. @TIME1 The world is far from perfect, and neither will review libraries. Adding @TIME1 would be totally unconstitutional. In the end, all the library has to do is stream these articles to certain areas of the library and warn about them. If the library is censored, a lot of information is lost in the @TIME1 world because there is a lot of stuff in the @TIME1 world that would be "offensive" to at least one person
I believe that in libraries, certain materials should not be taken off the shelf even if they are objectionable, because if someone doesn't like that particular item, they can always go to another item. I've been to the library, no offense to me or anyone else. If you don't like the library showing all the "offensive" items, then you don't have to go, it's a personal choice. Everyone has their choice, it doesn't matter if they list it or read it, as long as that particular person likes that kind of thing. This is what I believe
Everything is offensive to someone. Unless you have nothing to offend anyone at all, there is no way to ensure that no one is offended. If there is something on the shelf, someone will find something objectionable inside. It's a good scenario; there's a children's book. This is one of the greatest books ever written, but it was written before the Civil War and has racist comments in it. @CAPS1 Goodbye to that book. Some might think '@CAPS1 it's just a children's book. I believe we will survive. @CAPS1 Let's move on to a bigger idea. What happens when someone says the Bible is offensive. @CAPS1 Gone, but now its proponents say the whole religion of other people is offensive. That's a few more books. Now we have violence. Moderate scrutiny is acceptable for young people, but there is a line, albeit hard to find at times. It is acceptable for minors to view illegally obscene images, but legal images should be viewed without censorship. Censorship of those who know is not acceptable, but selected items should be viewed under supervision. Depriving a person of his rights is unacceptable. @LOCATION1 The government gives people freedom. One of these freedoms is freedom of speech. This basically means that I can say whatever I want and support whatever I want. A book is a form of speech. While some speech is looked down upon, it should not be censored. Censorship basically just says; 'You can't say that.' Move on; 'You can't say that. And then; "You don't have a voice." In developing countries like Congo, if you go to the government and say what they've done wrong, and you're against them, guess what's going to happen. They shoot you. A better word is they censor you. What happens if you write a book about how Obama became a better president and someone finds it offensive. They censor you. Now you don't have a say in the matter because Obama's supporters don't want you to. Do you see a big difference? Supervision is a powerful thing. Guess it can do better than censorship. With supervision, children can still learn the subject, but are not simply thrown into obscene territory. A person is a person. This includes children. They have the right to study without the influence of others, but censorship robs them of this right. Libraries should not use censorship. It robs children of freedom and opportunity. It creates violence among people. It hurts culture and ignores religion. While censorship does more damage than any one person, it's not "bad." Censorship was created to protect people from things they thought were wrong. But good intentions do not avoid the consequences of mistakes.
With new things coming out these days, I @PERSON1 believe that everything in a library should have a specific thematic organization. I am not asking for any removal or destruction of books, magazines, or anything in the library, but I am asking for my opinion to be heard fairly. I wish there was more organization on certain things, and I know people have their own ideas about things that should be written in a book. These books found in libraries can be fun, but sometimes offended. So, in this way, I would really like to have a scale, or organization of books. So people who don't like certain subjects can easily stay away from books they don't like. If those books, music, magazines or movies have a scale factor, you can just use a number or a letter to represent certain categories. Although I personally think it's a little worse than other organizations, it at least tires people out of this stuff. If you decide which is better, the people who complain less will want all the books destroyed. I think it would be better to organize the books in a different way. It's going to be a lot of work, but the thought of a child's mother could easily keep them away from books whose mothers wouldn't even touch their own. I do not wish to remove any books from the library. This is because if you start taking one out of the library, I offend someone, and I'm sure you'll start taking out more than one. With that in mind, I think it's going to come down to everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to the fact that there isn't a library at all. So, consider organizing books, magazines, movies, music, etc. so that doesn't happen in the future. Thanks for taking the time to read this, I hope you find more ways to get into this topic. Also, maybe publish some, to the newspapers.
Do you think everyone should have their own beliefs? Do you think everyone should express themselves through their own culture, or have their own opinions? Where is the place to experience all of this? In the library, no one can judge you based on your beliefs, culture, or opinions. In a library, you have the right to keep an open mind. I believe that any kind of book, music, film, magazine or any other material should not be removed from the shelf if it is found to be objectionable. Everyone is different and has their own beliefs and understandings. For example, if someone goes to the library to buy a book about the famous and late @PERSON1, and another person doesn't like @PERSON1 and doesn't understand his cultural background, they'll think it's on the shelf. We wouldn't have any libraries if everyone had a say in what books or other materials were on library shelves. If everyone keeps their opinions in the library, everyone can stay happy and have no arguments. Everyone can express themselves in their own way every day
Materials that people think shouldn't be seen by children, and I don't think they should be removed from library shelves for that reason alone. Libraries are not only for children, but also for adults. Children are exposed to many things every day that are not for them, whether at home, at school, or even in public. So why change the library only for the kids and we don't even change the public for them? In my opinion, if certain materials are not suitable for certain age groups, then what kids are pulling from the shelves should be closely monitored. Pulling something off the shelf just because parents don't want their kids to see, hear, or see it is not true for seniors who come to the library. Another reason I disagree with removing things is that removing items that are not suitable for children is like saying we should remove children's things from the shelves because adults have no use for them. They always have plenty of ways to meet the needs of both children and library adults and still keep kids away from content they shouldn't be reading. Most kids are happy with their materials in the library, and they don't worry about adults. If parents don't want their children to see everything about themselves, it's no use for older people to come to the library. The only thing they have left is the kids, which is no big deal because the parents don't want to stay because they don't have anything to entertain them. There is always a way to make the situation fair on both sides. I just don't believe that removing material that is not suitable for children is the right thing to do.
I personally don't think books that go into @CAPS1 should have any censorship. I think it's wrong to do this because any book should be read, no matter what it says. Anyone who has a problem with something should not read it and leave it alone. Now, I didn't really see anything objectionable, but I read something that surprised me a bit. But I personally don't find it offensive. Books exist for their own purposes, which is another reason why authors put them out there for the public to think about what they want.
In this lifetime, we will all have our own opinions on topics and issues in the world. There is a question in my mind. Is censorship in libraries a problem or a right? If I were a parent, I think I would understand why I would want to take a book off the shelf, but the truth is, it is unconstitutional to do so. That's why I don't think library censorship should speak out. When I was twelve years old, I was reading the back of a book in the library and my mom approached me and told me that book was a little too graphic for me. This is about @CAPS1. Now that I'm older, I understand why my mom didn't want me to read books like this at that age. That's one of the reasons I can understand why someone wants to take a book off the shelf, but they can't, because that book is there to remind us why we shouldn't have another world war. I also think that everyone has the right to have an opinion on why something should or shouldn't be done. One of the things I've observed is that when kids read bad things and see bad things, it really has a big impact on their future lives and their lives now. That's its self explains very well why I don't think books should be censored, but what types of books should be read after a certain age, or if a child wants to read a certain type of book, there should be some type of boundaries on the book , the child must have a legal guardian at the time. Having said that, I came up with a good idea of what I think should be done in the library. I think any book with a little bit of fit should be placed in a section rated like a movie. If something has a bit of inappropriate language, like curses, the books should be in the Thirteen+ section like the movies. Basically, the books will be divided into sections based on their ratings, just like the movies. If this book is rated @CAPS2, you must be at least 17 years old to read it. This idea could be a very good solution so that no books are deleted and the books are not harmed by children. Honestly, if I were a parent, I wouldn't want my kids to be addicted to reading books that talk about sex, violence, and vulgarity, but I believe we all have our own opinions and a right to be able to read and understand what we want. I think what we all need to think about is the things that have been done in the past that have been hugely beneficial to our country. Our four fathers wrote a document called @CAPS3 by @ORGANIZATION1 over a hundred years ago. This document has been modified. These amendments state that we have the right to be heard, to be heard and to read what we want because we deserve the right to live a free life. Taking books off the shelf is unconstitutional, I don't know about you, but I know all those who are unconstitutional have no good place in this world. My basic belief is that why take a book off the shelf when we can improvise to make everyone happy? If the world can overcome the harsh things in the books, we can all come up with a solution. There is an answer to this, books should not be burned, they are masterpieces. Libraries cannot continue to censor, or there would be no books.
I think books that contain nudity, profanity, or gang-related violence should be on the adult bookshelf or taken down forever. They show children things they shouldn't see or do when they grow up. They just don't fit. No child should know about drugs, sex or especially gang violence. They shouldn't even find it something. So I think we should take their books off the shelf, and if people want to read they can go and buy one for themselves.
No, I think books etc. If they are offensive, take yourself down! This is a free country and they have the will to free speech. No one can think for anyone, so everyone will have their own opinion. As long as it is suitable for the environment and surrounding environment, there should be no problem. If we take down the books that people say offends them, we have no books. Everyone has their own views and different perspectives on things. Chances are someone will be offended. In some cases, it allows a person to better avoid being offended. Something offensive is part of @CAPS1 and shows how things have progressed since then. What is a child without @CAPS1? Of all the people who should be angry or think they should be offended, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 but they don't complain about books etc, then no one should. You know as much as I do, most movies are about how we were whipped and sold back in slavery. A book about how only a few of us do it. A magazine about how we have sex and kill each other. Popper tells how the black community has failed. So in my opinion, no books should be removed from the shelf if found offensive. It went on before we got here and it went on when we left. It's part of @CAPS1, and if you don't see it yourself, there's no better way to understand things. People always say that children should read more. What if you took all the offensive books down and read?
I believe certain books, movies, music and magazines should be taken off the shelves for those they offend. I myself have not come across any books, movies or music that offend me. I believe we should organize our books, movies and music differently. First, people offended by certain books and movies should speak up and do something about it. Find a way to reach the happy medium. If everyone could take a certain movie or book off the shelf, I don't think there would be anything left. If people find it offensive they should stay away from those specific types of books or movies. Secondly, people like me are not at all offended by these books, music and movies. It's not fair for people like me to not be able to read, listen or watch what we want to see. If someone doesn't like a movie we like and they take it away, it's not fair and businesses lose customers. Finally, find a happy medium between the offended person and someone like me. I believe we can organize our books, movies, music and magazines differently. Rather than organize by author, organize by age limit. Like a movie rated @CAPS1 or a video game rated @CAPS2. Books and music can also be organized in this way. It's easier for the offended person to stay away from people they don't want to be around. In conclusion, I don't think it's very smart to allow anyone to take a certain book, movie or @CAPS3 off the shelf. One, it's unfair to those who are not offended. Second, businesses will lose customers. Third, there is a better way to solve this problem
Dear newspaper editor, I recently encountered a very uncomfortable situation at my local library where I saw a rather graphic magazine displayed in front of the entire library. Now I know these magazines are a point of interest to some, but to others they seem a little rough. I also noticed that magazines were not the only original form of merchandise in our local library. They're also littered with movies, books, graphic posters, and what I consider explicit music. I know it doesn't make sense for me to ask for an item to be removed, but I wanted to show a compromise that might work. Rough I think, @MONTH1 is acceptable for some people, but why do I have to be uncomfortable in public and another is not phased. I believe I have come up with a very simple compromise that will benefit me and keep the merchandise available. Most people should know by now that most, if not all, libraries have children's sections. So I say this, if we put all the explicit material in it's own section, the customers who are looking for the material now will go and receive it. In this way, I believe it will reduce the discomfort of going to our public library. To me, the benefits of this compromise seem endless. This way, kids can pick out their books in a safe environment, while adults who find it have a comfortable environment to enjoy their library trip. While I don't want to benefit those seeking the material, I think it will. That way, all the material they want can be found in one place, rather than having to search through the entire library. When I say that our public libraries need to be a safe, family-friendly environment, I think I can best speak for that, not only for children, but for those looking to enjoy the library experience. Thanks for your time, @CAPS1, @CAPS2 @PERSON1
"All of us can think of a book that we don't want our kids or any other kids to take off the shelf." @CAPS1 means well, I guess it means if they're a book on the shelf, then They probably don't want their kids to get it. Maybe the parents out there should read the book first, or maybe they should take it off the shelf. I think all books with offensive content should be taken off the shelves. If I were to take it off the shelves, it would just be offensive science fiction. If @CAPS3 is based on a true story and @CAPS3 is offensive, it should be heard anyway because @CAPS3 is part of history. Everyone needs to hear it because @CAPS3 is true. If I were going to take music off the shelves, it would only be music with bad language. For movies, kids should only accept @CAPS2 rated movies and nothing else. For magazines, kids shouldn't read magazines, they should be off the shelves. My experience with all of these things as a kid was that my parents never let me do anything or listen to anything that was bad language. But I can read any book I want. In a book by @CAPS3, I can't stand that bad ward of @CAPS1. I think @PERSON1 said she wanted to put all the books on the shelf because she said 'You have the exact same rights, so everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I think it makes sense because she said everyone has the same rights. Then she said they wouldn't leave us any books. I think that means if she says @CAPS1 I think she's saying every book is bad. They are a way to keep books, music, movies, magazines, etc. on the shelf. Like I said in the first paragraph, parents need to pay more attention to their children. No @CAPS1 their reading. All in all, I say take them off the shelf.
In a library, its censorship should be controlled by whoever goes to the library. In the case of a public library, the visitor should have the right to choose the books on the shelf. Libraries shouldn't take books off the shelf because of one's beliefs, libraries shouldn't take all books, and once they have, give them a score, only readers can decide if a book, music, movie, magazine, etc., offend them. Of course there are some books that adults @MONTH1 don't want their kids to read, then they should talk to the librarian and set a limit on the level of books their kids can view. With books organized in this way, they need to stop and realize that one of the books they liked about someone else might not want to be on the shelf even though there are books on the shelf that they don't want to read or even read. Ultimately, the books on the shelf are the library's choice because they are the ones who buy the books. So to prevent a power struggle, a committee should be formed to decide what books to buy. You still have to deal with people who don't want a book, but those people just have to deal with it. Books on the library's banned books list should also be in the library, these are just books, it's your choice whether you read them or not. An exception should be in the school library, since it is the school that pays for the books, and the administration or school board should choose which books go into the library. In short, my take on book review is that the library will select the books that go into the library. For convenience, books should have a rating system that will become the national standard for all public libraries. Like I said before, these books are just books you choose to read
Do you think offensive books, magazines or movies should be removed from store and library shelves? In my opinion, I think store owners or managers should remove books, magazines or movies that offend adults and children from shelf stores and libraries. Today I'm going to tell you @NUM1 reasons why a boss or manager should remove books, magazines or movies that offend some people and children from their shelves in stores and libraries. One reason why owners and managers should remove books, magazines or movies from shelf stores and libraries is that sometimes children go to the store and when parents are paying for what they want, children always get a this magazine or a book and start reading it, and maybe the magazine or the book has something annoying or inappropriate for kids that they shouldn't read, parents don't pay attention to what their kids are reading. Another reason why owners and managers should remove books, magazines or movies from store and library shelves, because for some people when they look at the cover of a magazine or book they see their culture or traditional pictures do magazines or books the person wrote something about their culture or tradition that the person thinks is incorrect or may not be true what they wrote about their culture or tradition the person may Will be angry or insulted by what they read about their culture or traditions. The last reason why my boss or manager should take books, magazines or movies from shelf stores and libraries is that when I go to the library I see these kids reading books or magazines that look annoying or inappropriate for me Being questioned, in my head, I said 'If the books or magazines don't seem right or out of place, why doesn't the boss or manager take them off the shelf? It might be showing them something bad. If the library should be suitable for children/teens and adults to study in the library, they should not have objectionable books or magazines. In conclusion, I think store or library owners or managers should start off from shelf stores and libraries as they may offend some people and more to their children. I'm ready to explain why bosses and managers should take books or magazines off shelf stores and libraries
I don't think they should have taken any books because they were originally donated to us. Also, I don't think they should take them because it helps us understand what other people are going through in that lifetime. Take a look and try to live like you're in another person's shoes. Try to see where they come from and the way of life there. I don't have that big of a reader or anything but want me to get a book that catches my eye and sounds good to read I look at it and if it's good I'll take it and read it for a long time because I want to Know what happens next with this book. So I kept reading, like in the middle of the story my teacher told me to stop reading. How long would I read, but it had to be the right book for me. I love all kinds of books, from sports to sad emotional books. I like to read aloud to myself, it helps me understand better.
@LOCATION1 should not have any kind of censorship. I firmly believe that our country is the best because the law and the constitution allow us to have our own ideals, like them or even dislike them. I know libraries are a place for people of all ages, but I don't think they should censor what they put on their shelves. In America, we are known for embracing all different types of lifestyles and religions. This is one of the reasons why I think censorship violates @CAPS1 policy. One of the things that drove our country out of @LOCATION2 is censorship. @CAPS2 doesn't allow colonial newspapers to speak badly of him or his ideas and policies; that's why @CAPS3 @CAPS4 enshrined ideals and freedom of speech into the constitution when America was founded. However, I do agree with some censorship. A movie and song rating system is a form of censorship that I think is needed. Without this form of scrutiny, young children will see and hear aloud what they are not ready for. It's also a great way for people to decide if they'd like to experience the thought and language presented by material ratings. I think libraries should have a rating system (or explanation system). Rather than taking protective books off the shelves entirely, warn about them. As @CAPS1, I feel strongly that I have a right to read and experience any type of book, music, news or pictures I want. If we start restricting what @CAPS5 is allowed to see, we start to lose our freedom; we become like people living in communist countries where we only see what the government wants you to see. Katherine Paterson's remarks were very supportive of my ideals; especially "then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us". This quote shows that if we start pulling or limiting what people consider sinful, there is nothing left to read or enjoy. @LOCATION1's censorship is a direct violation of our Constitution. I believe if it bothers you or upsets you, don't read it. By doing so, we can escape censorship and be able to fully enjoy all our rights as @CAPS5. We also allow the exercise of our right to know.
Movies, books, music, magazines, etc. all have their own way of expressing what is in them, depending on what the author is saying. If the author chooses to write something that you disagree with or that offends you, please do not read or watch that material. Everyone has the right to have their own opinion. They can do and say what they want. These options @MONTH1 have some consequences, but you can still write the material you want. As an author, you offer a book to the public if it goes that far. When a book is published, it is sent to the library and you can choose to read it if you wish. My book shouldn't be taken off the shelves because some people find it offensive. Others @MONTH1 didn't find it objectionable and probably really liked that kind of reading material. When a movie is made and it's "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" or offends someone, people don't go to that movie. They won't stop playing it because someone @MONTH1 feels differently about this movie. If you find a movie, magazine or even a book objectionable, don't read or watch it. Others @MONTH1 enjoy what you don't like. Not everyone in the world today will agree on what is offensive and what is not. You can't always make everyone happy. If this book becomes a problem and most people find it objectionable, then yes, maybe there should be talk of taking it off the shelves. If you find a book or movie objectionable, you have the right not to watch or read it. If others want to read or watch the material, then they have the right to do so too. If something is offensive, it's a personal choice to think that way, so why take it off the shelf when they just don't read it?
Censorship is an opposing topic. Some people think it's necessary others will disagree. My personal opinion is that censorship is unnecessary. Everyone has the right to accept what they believe, and everyone else has to mature to accept that. Censorship is unnecessary because if you are offended by some material, then don't read or listen to it. It's so simple. Everyone can be offended by something, so if everything found to offend someone is removed, there's nothing left. If you organize things into sections stating how offensive the material is, then almost everything is likely to be in the offensive section. Because censorship is adversarial, there are many different ideas on the subject. It ranges from no censorship to fully censored, my opinion is just one of them. Censorship is really just a matter of maturity and how one handles the material. The only person who can make you angry is yourself, so the library doesn't need to be censored, people just need to mature in that regard.
I think if the public finds it offensive, they should remove it. I think that's how everything should be. If something offends you, then you should say something. I'm not saying it will be taken care of all the time, but you might get lucky and someone might fix it so you don't get offended all the time. My dad who grew up at home always told me not to do something if I don't like it, and I have to do it unless it has to be done. So when something happens that I don't like, I either change my ways or avoid anything. However, I rarely change my ways. Sometimes it's a bad thing, but who hasn't made a mistake or two? This is really hard for me to correct because I don't care what other people think. So I'm not really angry. I do know that some people are easily offended. I try to stay away from them because you have to always pay attention to what you say. It's no fun to me, I mean come on man, you have to be able to make a joke. If more people were easy to get along with, then I wouldn't be writing this post. I bet there would be a lot less droma, but I don't know. If you know a book, a movie, or anything that would or might offend you, then don't read it. It probably won't offend the next reader. They might really like the book or whatever. All you have to do is stay away from the things that are bothering you. Over time, you will forget about it. I think if it really bothers you and more people feel the same way about the same thing, then yes, delete it. If there's only one group of people saying they were offended then I'd just tell them sorry, but more people like it better so it's here to stay.
I don't think anything is really objectionable, so I don't really care what they put on the shelf. I'm not easily offended, so I don't know if something would be offensive, but I guess black people would hate a racist book? I don't think porn or anything involving nudity should be used in school libraries because some parents are so obsessed with this kind of stuff that it's very inappropriate for schools. I think some parents put it first, what's inappropriate and what's not. It's just that the public library's library is completely different and should be able to have any movie and any book. There shouldn't be a big deal about what's there. If people don't like it, they don't need to look at it too much or get it. So, I think the library should have a variety of different books and movies. If people don't like it, then they can leave without worrying too much. That's my take on the issue. I hope this changes or affects you a little bit
I personally don't think certain objectionable materials should be removed from the shelves. I think this is because it is the parent's responsibility to keep track of what children read, watch or listen to. You can't get rid of something that offends some people, everyone has the right to do what they want. The number one reason I think objectionable material shouldn't be removed from shelves is that parents have a responsibility to watch what their kids are doing. If parents don't want their kids watching this stuff, then they should ban it. I've heard some parents claim they don't know what the material looks like, but that's why they're warning. This is no excuse. The second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get rid of it. Now, material that is objectionable to some is ubiquitous. Shows, movies, and music, they all have something that isn't for all audiences. Plus, kids will learn about this objectionable material at some point in their lives anyway. If they haven't heard of it in movies or magazines, chances are they've heard of it in school. Children are learning things faster and faster these days. A third reason why objectionable material should not be removed from bookshelves is that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever they want. What they want to see is up to them, not anyone else. They should be able to go to a place and buy what they want to see without being questioned. That's why I don't think objectionable material should be removed. It's a parent's responsibility, you can't escape it, and everyone has the right to do whatever they want. One solution to this problem is to move objectionable materials to higher shelves. This will make parents of young children happy, but also people who want to check out the material. That way you're not removing it entirely, you're making it harder for younger audiences to reach
How can writing be offensive? Many @CAPS1 find swear words in written or violent form very offensive. Still others find these things to make their writing more interesting. Writing can cover every aspect of life, giving us ideas like racism and other inappropriate ideas. It seems that in writing today, you can pick up just about anything, and some people find it offensive. This means that if we go to extreme censorship of the library, no books will be left. As Katherine Paterson put it in the quote, "...then there are no books on our shelves for any of us to use." @CAPS1 Can't deny that books and any other writing will be in Ideas arise in our minds. The idea is a seed, we can choose to water it to make it grow, or to make it disappear. I believe we can choose to exclude or deny those offensive thoughts in our minds. If we find something objectionable, just put the book down and use better judgment. We know what's right, so we decide what's readable. Everyone sees things differently. What about children, can we trust their better judgment? I'm concerned that children's judgment is not as good as that of mature adults. The onus of judgment rests more with that child's parents than the library. Libraries place children's books in specific areas to ensure they find books appropriate for their age. Both adults and children can find books that suit them and won't offend them. If the library does censor it, it would take away our right and freedom to express our ideas clearly without being overshadowed to obfuscate it. As a nation, we are built on radical and offensive stuff about @CAPS2. These words fuel our drive to become an independent nation. Think about whether they will censor these ideas. Will we still be @LOCATION1 today? The bottom line is not that we should censor our readings, but that we should use our better judgment.
In today's society, whether it is politics or religion, it is easy to find small things that offend people. The truth is that no one can make everyone happy. The main debate today will be the media debate. Should people have the right to remove books, music, movies or magazines from our shelves because they are found to offend a person? The answer is no. Three important reasons support this answer: freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and knowing that everyone can find something objectionable. When @LOCATION1 finally gets rid of @CAPS1, our main goal is to have freedom of speech. This is a huge achievement for @ORGANIZATION1. Allowing people to take material off our shelves would break a rule we strive to get. People today rely on being able to speak their minds to be part of government. @CAPS2 Another law that applies is freedom of the press. Being allowed to write about their feelings is what @LOCATION1 is actually based on. Without this, wouldn't we go back to the old ways that @CAPS3 is trying to change? Here's what you must consider when making this important decision. In the end, a huge influence on this decision is knowing that everyone has their own opinion on something. It's easy to find someone who is offended by the smallest of things. What happens when someone decides to find @CAPS4 offensive to their religion? Do we take it off the shelf and tell @CAPS5 sorry? If we decide to allow this, will we still have books, movies, music or even magazines? It's easy to assume that a book is taken off the shelf just because it offends you, but what happens when we allow everyone to do that? That's why it takes more thought than days when deciding how we should approach this problem. We must remember that while we are given @CAPS3 rights; freedom of speech and press, we must always think about how this will affect our future generations.
From a student's perspective, books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from the shelf just because of the material it contains. I read, watch and listen to things that my parents weren't very interested in every day, but that doesn't change who I am today. You can't escape things like drugs, sex, and other explicit things we probably don't want our kids to read. is in society. These things are ubiquitous, and simply taking these materials off the shelves isn't going to solve the problem. I think we have the freedom to read, listen, or watch whatever we want, and removing that would take away our freedom. Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that I think are inappropriate, should not be taken off the shelves. The '@CAPS1' project pervades society. It's everywhere. Billboards, signs, books, magazines, music, TV, movies, etc., but taking items such as books, movies, music, and magazines off shelves does not prevent inappropriate behavior. Everyone in society still does it, whether or not you can stop your kids from hearing it. You also have ads, billboards, etc. what are you up to? Is your child generally prohibited from living? No, I don't think so. Reading, listening, and learning these things won't make your child a terrible person. I personally think that at a certain age, they need to know these things. For example, I am a good student, I do well outside of school, I have good friends, and I get along well with my family. I also read every book by @PERSON1. All of this is about people who use drugs, commit suicide, and do things with sex. These books are very good. Absolutely the best books I've ever read, but reading these books hasn't changed who I am. I don't do drugs and I don't like sex, so why would it hurt if I read about it? Reading these is really helpful in my experience. It will give you a deeper understanding of things. Everyone knows the basics you learned in school, it's very @CAPS2. Reading these books, listening to music like this, watching movies like this takes a completely different point of view. Going back to my experience with @PERSON1 books, the stories you read are based on her life and relationship with her daughter. Crank, @CAPS3 & @CAPS4 is a trilogy of books about the life of @LOCATION1. As @PERSON2 begins walking with the monster (also known as @CAPS5), you see the struggle, hurt and pain that families go through. Reading these books made me realize that I don't want to put myself through what @PERSON2 did to herself and her family. It refreshes things. After reading this, I'm sure I'll never do something "offensive". Based on my experience as a student, I don't see the need to take objectionable material off the shelves. It can go deeper into information about these things. Also, you can't escape explicit material. These things are part of life, things you cannot escape and avoid. You just have to accept that it's there and it's not going away. If you think your child will start doing these things after reading, talk to them. You cannot protect your child from offensive material. at least not forever
I believe they should @CAPS3 be sesorship because we live in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 believes in freedom, I do, and it feels like the @CAPS3 way. My thoughts on people who find a book objectionable @CAPS3 If you will, read it and hear it's a bad book, or they don't like the look of the cover, that's their problem don't ruin it Everyone who loves this book. Saying that if two people found a book objectionable and five people liked the book, that means it should be removed. If you're one of those five people and your favorite book disappears, and you ask why and the librarian says "well, two people marked this book as offensive, so it's removed" @CAPS2 @CAPS3 A book man, but what about one time? At school we read a book in class called farenhite @NUM1 I think it was a good book at the time and I think some people wanted to ban it and some people did. Two words for those folks @CAPS3 cool. I think if you walk into the library, you'd expect to see a lot of different ideas because that's the freedom and will that @CAPS3 is perfect for. So what @CAPS2 is saying is that if most people think books are objectionable and don't want their kids to see it, then they should come up with a new system for the library, and then they separate the books, movies, magazines, etc. , remove them from the elery stuff @CAPS3 remove them. A message to these people - if you're one of those people who finds an offensive picifice book, you should know where they are and stay away from that side of the library. That's how I think and think about library affairs.
Many of us have been to the library once in our lives, but have you ever taken your little one to the library one day, and they picked up a book or a magazine and saw something you weren't quite happy with? Well, many of us have. Should the library have books, magazines or even movies that offend your children, little brother/sister or friends? Public libraries should allow anyone and everyone to come and do what they have to do instead of looking at a small picture or something that might offend you or your little one. Well, we can do something about it. Bad pictures in books or magazines can be bad for kids and even young people like us, because many teenagers can get bad scrutiny. Books, magazines and even movies with offensive images or people without clothes should be removed from the shelves of any public library. A lot of parents don't want their kids there to go to the library to see those objectionable pictures. They also don't want them to go to the movies that will have a bad influence on them. There should be good books, magazines and movies in the library. The people who work in the library should delete all the bad stuff. Allowing all nacket pictures and movies in the library will give some teens a bad idea. That's why libraries should remove all these books, movies, magazines and even music! Many seniors @MONTH1 don't think it's fair to them. Well, they should know that it hurts the kids there and can teach the kids there bad things too. Some seniors @MONTH1 think differently while others @MONTH1 think the same. Many parents don't want their kids there to see bad pictures or view bad movies or books. That's why removing these itams is good for many kids and teens who are just learning how to have boys/girlfriends
Libraries are public for a reason, and that is to get people interested in different types of entertainment. I know some people have their own opinion on things, but that's why there are changes because everyone is different. In my opinion, no, I don't think certain materials should be banned because their @MONTH1 content is more mature than others think. It's okay to disagree with me, but, have you ever stopped to think about this? I'll list some reasons and explain my point, because I think they @MONTH1 point out some good ideas about why I don't think they should be banned. First, in today's society, everyone has different opinions and views on what should be discussed. The public has the right to entertain themselves in any way they choose and with any material or subject they wish. Depriving them of entertainment is like telling them they can't wear the clothes they like or drive the car they want. If you walk into a library and see a topic that doesn't meet your standards or interests, you should just walk away and find a topic that suits you better. Some people see things in a completely different way than you, @CAPS1 Just because you don't like a different style of entertainment doesn't mean other people don't. Second, you'll be taking jobs away from many people who love their jobs. People have questions about something about a book or movie, but it's sometimes based on how the author feels, or even what their life might be like. The others they write about are real life events that happen to ordinary people every day and should be looked up to and let people write their stories for the world to see. Criticizing the entertainment theme is bringing down different forms of art. It's almost the feeling that it's okay to discuss a mature subject in a book, but in a painting, it's downright comical. In the end, if the material being published today is what you want on a library shelf, why print it and sell it to people all over the world? This is because some people do like it and have no problems at all, and like me have never been bothered by it. In my opinion, I don't think any form of entertainment should be banned or taken out of society anyway because it makes people happy
In the library, is there really a need for censorship? I believe there should be some censorship at some point. Libraries are usually pretty good at categorizing things. I mean, they do use @ORGANIZATION1 in every library I've been to. But even if they do categorize books, music, and magazines by topic, there's always something objectionable that fits that topic. I remember going to the library with my mom when I was seven or eight years old. I realized I was too old for "children's books", so I ventured to places I'd never been before. Any book island is open to anyone, and I feel like the world is in the palm of my hand. Most of the books were too mature for me anyway, but I read them all anyway. I mean, this is new to me. Almost like an adventure. Then, I came across music. There are a lot of inappropriate titles, cover art, and even band names. But this piqued my curiosity. I remember thinking, "Are books like that too?" I quickly discovered that yes, they are. There are even doctor books with graphic images. The worst is the book with dirty words I found. The innocence in the library is gone. I think libraries should have different sections for older, more mature people; children are not included. Some people love books and open any book just to read or see pictures. Libraries need to be aware of this. I used to be that kid who opened the wrong book at the wrong time. In conclusion, I think libraries should have at least some censorship. I know people love books and music that used to terrify me, but I think something should be done
The words of author Katherine Paterson are very true, and I believe that if we were to delete everything we offended in the world, there would really be nothing in the world to stare at. I remember when I was young, just after school one night and decided to go downtown to the library in our town, I needed a book about a school project on the Holocaust, and I remember a lady who worked there told me this This book should be taken off the shelves because it offends Jews. I was a little pissed off at first because she would tell the person who was reading the book that it should be taken off the shelf, mainly because since I was the one who was going to read it, why would you complain about me in the first place plus tell that person They shouldn't be looking at books they want to read, which is even more objectionable to Jews. Another time this happened when I was at @ORGANIZATION1 and one of the clients complained that some religious magazines they shouldn't sell out loud because some articles are very offensive to people of certain religions. The client who complained was taken directly to the manager's office because he actually ripped several magazines in half saying there was a problem and anyway the client was kicked out to say the least and had to pay for the magazines they destroyed. Too. There have been many times in my life when someone has decided to say what they don't like about something and despite their good arguments they are lacking something important and one of the facts is that most people complain Something that needs to be taken off the shelves has to do with history, another thing is not enough people complain about it. But this quote from Kathryn Patterson is like a knock on the door about what happens if we take everything off the shelf that offends people, and the first thing that comes to my mind when I read it is Another remark, '@CAPS1 speaks louder than words'
My opinion on censorship @MONTH1 is not what others believe. Once you have a good understanding of what most people say is inappropriate, it's easier to assess which books should be on the shelf. While many @MONTH1 think a certain book is appropriate, others @MONTH1 disagree. That's why it's best to create a rating system. With a rating system for books, movies, magazines and other materials in the library, parents can better understand what they want their children to read or watch. If there is vulgar language in the book, use the rating and explain why the book is rated as such. That way, if someone complains about the project, the library won't be blamed. Personally I don't think material should be discarded because of other people's complaints. I believe these books can be kept but labelled or even placed in a different part of the shelf to show that they @MONTH1 are less appropriate than regular books. What happens when a college student needs a must-read book for his class and it gets banned for "improper use"? There is no way to make everyone completely satisfied, but with this system, many problems will be solved. My opinion on censoring @MONTH1 is not what others believe, but it is wrong to take away the perfect book. Disagreement isn't the easiest thing, but just because it's hard doesn't mean you have to give up. Rating system will reduce complexity and help others make decisions more freely
Books are gateways to other worlds. Today, there are books on just about any subject anyone can think of. People use books to forget their troubles and travel to places other than themselves. There are some books that don't always have the right content. Schools try to offer books that appeal to all audiences, but that ability is being compromised as books are banned from the shelves. Then students can't read a book just because someone else didn't approve the content. This is unfair and should stop. Students should have the right to choose what they want to read, but some want to take it away from students right away. Students can also choose what works for them to read. If lawmakers succumb to complaints from a minority, it could hamper students' rights and convince students that they are not trusted. The content of a book is determined by the author. The books someone decides to read depends on the particular audience. Sometimes authors go into detail to make their point, or have a book that's very mature. Some people now believe that because a book is inappropriate in their opinion, it should not be read at all. Not only is this unfair to any potential readers of that book, but it is also unfair to the authors who worked so hard to write it. Students are smarter than many people think. They know what they should and shouldn't read, but they feel betrayed and distrusted if other people choose what they read. Students have as many rights as those who do not go to school. If books are taken down based on the opinions of a minority, their rights are violated by those deemed inappropriate. Now students have no freedom to choose the books they want to read, and there are only books worthy of others to choose. Rights are something that students are guaranteed when they enter the school, but now rights are slowly being taken away from students. The right to choose what books they read should not be taken away. As author Katherine Paterson said, "If I have the right to take a book I hate from the shelf, you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we don't have books in The bookshelf is left for any of us. If one person says they think one book should be taken away and the other wants another book taken away to the point where there are no books left, how can students read? Books are essential for students to grow into adulthood. If people get the right to take books off the shelves, so will music, movies, magazines. Books are for any reader who decides to go to that world. Students have the right to choose what they read What books, also have the ability to know what they should read. Books should stay where they belong, in the school on the shelf.
Do you think certain books and magazines should not be displayed in libraries? Well, this is my opinion. I don't think libraries should have certain books because of racism, violence, etc. One is because there are young children reading books throughout the library, and the other is because of books and magazines for reasons such as racism. may offend others. How do you feel about your child reading this type of content? This is something a child doesn't need to know at a very young age. This is my take
There are many materials in the library that are offensive to some people. I don't think they should be taken off the shelf, but I do think they should be in a different part of the library. Almost everything in life can offend someone in some way. @MONTH1 as little as "blonde jokes" or as important as talking about someone's sexuality. I know little kids don't understand these types of things, but parents can't keep their kids hidden forever. If someone says what others say, then I believe it is wrong. I mean think how many "blonde jokes" there are. I know a lot of blondes, don't take these jokes seriously. A good friend of mine is a natural blonde, and she's probably the smartest blonde I've ever met. Whenever she hears a blonde joke, she laughs and says something funny to go with it. Probably one of the most important things people are offended by is politics or someone's sexuality. Politics creates huge problems for people who think something shouldn't be one way, and then if the governor turns around and says something, everyone else takes it seriously. Many have different people because they don't like the person they "should" like, but they're always offended by some form or form. It's not like parents can keep us away from it forever. Small children become teenagers, and teenagers because young people eventually become adults. People should learn how to deal with the different struggles in life. So all in all, it's good for parents if they don't want to expose their kids to things they find objectionable, but others like to know about things people find objectionable and cause problems in @LOCATION1. I believe it's not a bad idea to keep books, movies and magazines on shelves in separate areas of the library. Think about it, if you take the books of people who want to know different things and want to know why people are offended, would they also feel offended because you took it away from them
Some books offend some people. But everyone has the right to read any book they want. I believe we should not censor books that are considered objectionable in schools. If people find it offensive in the first place, find another book to read or talk to a teacher. I have been through books that offended me. Everyone has a book they've read, and that's it for them. But the same book I read might be interesting to others. No matter @CAPS1 you're not going to make you stronger, are you? So don't take a book in a harmful way. Books are for reading, and some authors direct the book to certain people. I had people from our own school come to me and say the book they read was a horrible experience. Especially when all they talk about is suicide and one of my best friends is having trouble with it because of her dad. I asked her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her. That's all you have to do, don't hype it up. I also read the book "To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2" which is censored in some states because it is bad for some people. This story is about a white family trying to help a @CAPS3-@CAPS4 man who was charged with rape but he never did anything like it. This was unacceptable at the time, and with all the evidence in the world, they still couldn't help him. This is a great story about the early experience of black people. And to think they would censor a story about a white lawyer trying to help someone of a non- own race is inspiring rather than offensive to me. He was molested, his children were molested, but he still did everything in his power to save his defendant. I'm a @NUM1 boy who knows who has a heart and who doesn't make me cry when he reads this. It's a pity that this book is censored in some states, and it's certainly one of the best books I've ever read, and the only one I've ever read. Reading this book is going to be a great experience for anyone, so go buy it and read it even if it's censored where you live. I think the state thinks they will offend people. They probably won't even test it anyway. They might just say it would offend such a person, and that's it. How did they come up with it? Do they make everyone read it? No, they should keep it, whoever doesn't read it doesn't have to read it, or they can talk to their teacher. It's not hard to decide to review something when it's just your opinion. That's why I take other people's opinions into consideration. All in all, censorship should not be allowed. It ruins people's chances of reading books they might find good and interesting. Getting kids to read at least in high school when they're almost all grown ups so they can read whatever they want
In my opinion censorship as a sensitive subject should get very little support and yes I think there should be exceptions such as censorship of materials in children's libraries or the children's section of a larger library but censorship is about taking away people's free speech And expressions stay away from them, by my standards, nothing more than un-American. Review acceptance should be made explicitly in certain circumstances, such as in a children's television network or school library. My parents didn't make any censorship rules for me since I was a kid, and I've been able to watch, read, and listen to whatever I want for as long as I can remember, so my opinion obviously slides in the direction of uncensorship, right? ? Wrong, while I do think there should be no scrutiny of the public except in exceptional circumstances, I think it's a parent's choice and full responsibility for their child's scrutiny needs. When I'm a parent, I myself will vet my kids away from things that I don't seem to be age-appropriate for them, whatever @MONTH1 is. The main reason I'm writing this is to explain the ethical issues that censorship provides, yes we're giving an opinion because we think the material is offensive or immoral, but these are the views and beliefs of the creator, And in a society that claims to be tolerant of our own beliefs, we should respect the creator's beliefs, even if it's not our own. Censorship is forcing an artist or essentially a creator to change what they are a reflection of themselves, this is a work of art after all, whether it's a painting, a musical piece, or a TV show, it exhibits a unique censorship of the creator's thoughts and beliefs to cut through Or distort this communication between viewers and creators, thereby violating the freedom of speech and expression that our nation holds dear. I call it a sensitive topic because it is always a sensitive topic when it comes to child welfare, and to prevent children from being exposed to things that parents deem inappropriate, I think we should keep censorship in places like children's libraries or children's TV networks, but as a Nation, we put too much of our responsibility and reliability in wanting the government to censor what seems inappropriate to us, when in reality, censoring what children are exposed to should be a parent's job and choice. To address this growing debate, I think the solution lies in this question, "Should we censor material" yes no no This will give children the opportunity to read more advanced literature without depriving the creators of their personal The ability to express and also not deny the public what they are looking for as censored material is a loss for creators and liked audiences
If material is objectionable, it should not be displayed. Offensive material can have a significant impact on children who are at least 10 years old. I believe that if library material is found objectionable and proves objectionable, they should be removed. Library materials are not for everyone. Many of these are particularly inappropriate for younger children. Example: @CAPS1 could be a kid who wants to watch a movie he/she finds interesting. This movie could be rated @NUM1 but parents still check it out for them. Once they watch the movie, @MONTH1 has some heavy language, sexual humor or content. And then the child is learning and seeing all these changes in the movie. Also, if they have nervous parents, the library may get some calls. Today, many young kids about @NUM2+ have seen, watched or read content that contains profanity or inappropriate behavior. People have read some of the material the library has and found some profanity that didn't know it was in @CAPS1. If a religious man/woman flips through a book or a magazine from the library and finds that they put profanity in those books and magazines, that would definitely bother them. If they don't take them off the shelves, they can at least make a list of all material that contains gross profanity, sex, and intense violence. They should do this so they can warn those who are examining the material. For all the geeky stuff they see in books, movies, magazines, etc., people need to pay attention to what they read and watch. Some books can get really nasty and scary because of all the things they say. Library materials must be checked. If they are found to be aggressive and prove to be aggressive, they should be removed.
People have different opinions, one @MONTH1 finds it very offensive another @MONTH1 doesn't care or even laughs at it. In the next paragraph, I'll explain why libraries should not allow censorship. The first is our freedom of speech. If we really have that freedom, censorship is totally against it. Some people are offensive, but you have to remember that they have the right to have their say. They have the right to be a voice for what they believe in. Whether it's magazines, books, newspapers, movies or music. The author or artist @MONTH1 uses these to spread his/her ideas and beliefs. Another reason is people's opinions. Does a person really represent an entire gender, country, culture, race, religion? Whether he/she is the lowest of the low or the powerful, someone at @MONTH1 believes in being different and misses something they might be inspired by or learn from. It is not right to deprive communication through these things. A man @MONTH1 finds a book offensive to him or his family, but another man like him @MONTH1 finds the book amusing and jokes about it. People think differently from each other. Personal experience also has a place. Maybe a near-death experience will lead someone to write a book. Maybe a bad breakup will lead someone to write a song. These help motivate people. No one can tell them it's wrong just because they think it's offensive or wrong. All these factors are taken into account. No one person or group of people has the right to deprive us of our liberty. I am against library censorship, and I hope you are too.
Do you think when your kids say they're going to the library to study, but they might actually be going there looking for books about murder, violence, or potentially useful information. When @DATE1 searches the library, you never know what @CAPS3 will find on the shelf. Most topics in books, music, movies or magazines are helpful. But there's always a @CAPS2 movie you don't want your kids to find, or you just don't want your kids to watch! I am a firm believer that subject types like violence and murder should be removed from library shelves. When going to the library, parents should be able to trust that their children are actually going there to study, not to look up bad books, movies or magazines. Too many books and movies show that relying on violence is a good thing. For example, when kids are looking for a good book, they're not looking for something boring, they're looking for something that catches their eye. Most of these books lead to violence. The more children read, the more they think violence is okay. Also, magazines like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" or "@CAPS3 @CAPS2" are now showing stories about drug use, teen pregnancy or the death of the famous @CAPS3. @DATE1 Our world has been seeing an increase in teen and adult drug use, and teen pregnancy rates have risen dramatically over the past few years. Neither of these things work. I personally think the reason these two topics are rising is because kids think it's good because they read about it in a new magazine, or they see it on TV, or they read about it in a book. Kids or teens thinking it's easy to have kids at such a young age, or that it's cool to take drugs because all the hot and famous @CAPS3 are using them, and it's featured in magazines and books. But what kids don't understand is that it really isn't as easy or fun as the movies, books, and magazines say. What happened to the library whose information was helpful to the school? I know @CAPS3 wants to know about the famous @CAPS3 and their new features. But when all these types of books, magazines, and movies are put into our libraries, it limits the amount of actually useful information a child needs to go to school or an adult to work. When I was young, I would go to the library and I would either study there or read a good book. Not a book about violence, murder, or teen pregnancy. Children need to be able to rely on the library for a good book or information that will help them learn at school, rather than a topic that is completely irrelevant to school. As the author, Katherine Paterson said, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf". I believe she is right that we don't want these types of books, magazines and movies that our kids find need to be removed from our library shelves @DATE1
Who labels a book offensive? Some might find it shocking, others @MONTH1 find the novel or passage rather interesting. All books and other art are created for people to read and enjoy. It seems unreasonable for a library to ban books, music, movies or magazines because of such a wide range of people and their interests. Books such as @CAPS1, @CAPS3 by @CAPS2, and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 have been removed from the shelves of many libraries. While the folks at @MONTH1 checked out these books, many others found them either objectionable or thought they shouldn't be mixed with everyday books. I have read each of the above and have found them to be full of extraordinary things that have taught me a lot. If books are banned from libraries, it seems like they limit our education. If we're not going to read a book, why publish or write for it? Any book can offend anyone. Any article, song or movie can be offensive. However, there will always be a group of people who like it. That group should enjoy every word. The censorship of libraries has been going on for far too long, and now is the time for the world to freely engage in the literature they are interested in. The solution for library review is to divide books into categories and subcategories. First by subject, until author. So @MONTH1 offending books are listed as such, but still available to those who want to read them. Library censorship takes away individual liberties every day. People should be able to read what they like and not be laughed at. All books are written for reading, and by dividing these books, everyone can agree: Books help us grow. Growth does not imply restrictions, nor does freedom.
People can choose the type of literature they want to read, whether it offends them or not choosing to read it. Books should not be removed from library shelves. They need to try to avoid @MONTH1 offending their books. Now, if they can't, it's not the library's fault. Books should not be removed for a number of reasons. One of the many reasons books shouldn't be removed is because they know the risks they take when entering a library, it's a decision they're making, and sometimes that decision has consequences. When they are offended, they know the types of books that offend them, so they just need to get better at avoiding them. Another reason is that the library doesn't know what offends people, which may be a small thing in the book, but it doesn't mean the book should be removed from the shelves. Also just because one person thinks it's aggressive doesn't mean others will. People are not all offended by the same things, some people are offended by the little things, which means they are easily offended, and some people are not so easily offended, which means it takes something more serious than a book to offend someone. Another reason books shouldn't be deleted is that students need them for projects and schoolwork. Some school assignments ask you to get a little pissed off, especially if you're African American and you get assignments about slavery or something during that time. But we need to know our past experience and our history, and we can't do that if someone tries to take some of these books off the shelf. You @MONTH1 are offended, but there's no reason to delete that book that someone else will sometimes need. Find another way to solve this problem. There are other ways to deal with this, like marking the book with a little yellow sticker so it warns people that the book offends someone. There is no need to delete the book entirely. Another solution might be to keep the books separate, which means putting books in different locations in the library if more than a few complaints are received. Also, when someone checks out a book, the librarian can warn them that the book has a yellow label and that @MONTH1 may offend them. That's why there's no reason to take books off the shelf.
Do you think certain books, music, magazines are sometimes offensive? If I have kids, I don't want my kids to be with these bad things. I think we should remove all these bad things from the world to help children become better people in the world. There are a lot of bad people in the world, but it's mostly because of all the things people read and see. When people like great singers singing about drugs and stuff, kids think it's cool to do drugs, so they start doing drugs, and then they can't stop! You want everyone to go to college and become a doctor, but if they follow what everyone else does, they can't. We need to encourage our children to be great people, but we can't stand the drugs and violence that surrounds them, but we can try to ban bad books, movies, and music. We need more good things to influence our children. We don't want our kids looking at magazines to see very tiny women who think they have to look like that to be popular. If your child reads and listens to this stuff, you can't let it affect them. I've been hearing about singing music, but I never let it affect me because I want to be successful in my life. These are all reasons why our children should be banned from doing these things. If you want your child to be successful, you will keep your child away from violence and drugs. I know what happens when you don't keep them away. You don't want these things to happen to your kids, so keep them away from it.
There are a lot of books that people don't want their kids to read. A book like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @PERSON1" is one I've read and it's pretty straight forward. But I have to disagree, I think these books are worth reading. It shows kids that not everything is perfect. People complain they think books are bad, or people say bad things in @CAPS3 or music, but don't let your kids listen if you don't want to. If parents are concerned about what their children are reading or learning because of the world we live in now, lock them up. But I do have to agree on one thing, there's a lot of bad stuff in music and magazines, but I think it's avoidable and doesn't lead to spoiling kids. I'm a huge fan of music and some that I don't listen to because there's something in it, but I'm not going to let that music or magazines change my choice of things. I don't think people should be able to take books off the shelf because it's not for other students or other people to read them. Some people are inspired by books about drugs and don't like using them, knowing that there are people out there who have overcome the system just like them. I love reading about teenage issues and learning about all the different ways people are overcoming them and learning about their way of life. If people are offended by a book or a movie, I don't think they have the right to take it away. I think people who are offended by books, magazines and movies should stay away if they offend them because everyone has a choice but not everyone has the same idea. With all the movies or books, bad or good, I'm sure at least someone will be offended by a book or movie or two, but that's not a reason to want to delete it. Because once you do, someone will take the book you don't think is offensive and it will drive you crazy. I think if people stay away from things that offend them and get closer to books they like, we won't have much conflict unless you get so picky, always trying to provoke a belligerent to find someone else to pick on things books, magazines or movies
Do you think public libraries should find inappropriate or objectionable books, magazines, movies or music? Some books can be very offensive to people, and when they take their kids or younger siblings to the library, they don't want them looking at that. Others prefer to watch it, irritating them if they are taken away. Not all parents find something in the library objectionable, even if they @MONTH1 are. Music, magazines, movies or books that are not suitable for children should be placed in a different section and not taken from those who like it. Even though it might be bad for kids to watch things they shouldn't, it's also bad and unfair for people who only come to the library to see that stuff. It shouldn't be taken from them. If parents don't want their kids to see this stuff, they shouldn't be taking them to that section. Some adults don't like to see it, which is understandable. In any case, no one is going to be very happy about this decision. In a library, there is usually an adult section and a children's section. If adults don't want their kids to see something, they can simply take them to a children's area where they won't be seen. In the kids section, it's hard to find anything that would be considered "offensive" to adults. For adults or teens who enjoy watching these things, they may be away from kids. It is wrong to take something that people like from someone, and it is vile to take it from someone who likes it. Recently, the world has turned into something it shouldn't have. Some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day, and you might find this news in the library. It's understandable if you don't want your kids around here, but I'd be wrong to take these things from people who love them. For example, horror movies can be very disturbing and overly violent for young children, but they are probably the most favorite things to watch for adults. That's why, if you put something more objectionable in a different section, kids won't even notice it's there. If kids are sorted into different zones, they won't even notice what adults find offensive. Taking something that adults @MONTH1 find offensive is like taking away the kids section, it's not fair. It's not fair to take away something that adults or teens only come to the library. Not all adults can understand both sides, but I can see where both are coming from. If I have kids, I don't want them to see objectionable things, but I'll keep them away from it, not against it. Music, magazines, movies or books that are not suitable for children should be placed in a different section and not taken from those who like it
There are millions of books and other media in libraries around the world. Millions of people read and listen to these materials every day. Some people @MONTH1 like certain books or media but not others. Many people dislike certain materials because of their content. Everyone has the right to read and watch what they want, and not everyone will read or watch the same material. While some of @MONTH1's material is objectionable, they should not be removed from the library. Books and other media should not be removed from library shelves because what some people find offensive will not offend others. Everyone has the right to have their own beliefs and opinions. If someone wants to read a book or watch a video, they should be able to. What is offensive and what is not is a personal choice and it all depends on that person's perspective. If someone finds content in a book, song or movie offensive, they shouldn't read or listen to it. Materials should not be removed from libraries because they can be used to learn about history and other things people should know. Take @CAPS1 as an example. There are thousands of books and many movies on @CAPS1. These materials should not be removed from library shelves because even if some people find them objectionable, they can be used to tell people how horrible it is so it doesn't happen again. People should know something before viewing it so as not to be offended by the content inside. Some of the content in history is already very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences. Offensive content should not be removed from the library as it is usually in the mature section and has the right to be there. Most of the content that some consider objectionable is aimed at an adult audience. No children's book talks about things that parents would find offensive to their children. The content is right there. If an author or publisher takes the time to create a work, they should be credited for creating it. In @LOCATION1, there is freedom of speech and people should be able to say what they want. If the content is too offensive, it should be removed, but only in exceptional circumstances. Content in the library, whether objectionable or not, should not be removed. People can read or watch whatever they want. Many people have many different opinions about what a library should and shouldn't be. Libraries are public, they are shared. No one has the right to decide what should and shouldn't be in the library. Without libraries, people in society wouldn't be so smart
Have you ever wondered why the movies you borrowed from the library when you were young don't exist today? This is due to censorship. Libraries review certain books if they do not think they are suitable for young children. Should libraries allow censorship? Everyone has their own opinion, and so do I, and I think it should be allowed. Censoring books allows libraries to hide books, movies, magazines, music, etc. from children who are not mature enough to deal with the content in the material, but swear words in movies, books, or music, nudity in magazines, or shown in video games fighting. Young children look for role models, followers, and as a result, they are likely to repeat what they hear or see. Some children are not mature enough to understand that what they hear repeatedly is not always "ok", and some words are not appropriate for younger children. Maybe they saw in the movie that a man or woman solves a problem he or she has by fighting, this young kid @MONTH1 took the message wrong and tried to solve one of his or her problems by fighting. I think there should be an age limit for certain types of material. Children under @NUM1 should not watch movies rated @CAPS1-@NUM1. There's a reason why the ratings are this way. Just because your kids aren't allowed to rent/view any of @MONTH1's material, doesn't mean you can't view it, maybe go home and watch/listen/read/play it. If it doesn't seem violent/graphic to your child, then let them watch a movie, read a book, or play a game. It's your choice, but the library doesn't want to be blamed for your @NUM3 year olds coming home cursing and fighting. Once my sister took her niece to the library to borrow a movie. It was a children's film. My sister didn't think there would be any harm, but there was a fight in a scene. They allowed that movie to appear on the children's floor of the library. Censorship is a wonderful thing in libraries. Some children are not mature enough and they watch/watch/listen/play with certain material. Censorship should not only be allowed, but enforced. I believe all libraries should have their library reviewed
A @MONTH1 walks into the library, looks at the magazine rack and thinks, '@CAPS1 is in the youth section, is the content of that book age inappropriate? In many libraries, some books are not reviewed and categorized as they should be. In some readings, one may not even realize there is something inappropriate in it. Supervision of children and young people is not always a concern, and some of them may not even know what they are examining. Libraries need to push censorship more. In most libraries, the categories of books are children's, teens, adult books, magazines, and music, but it is the content on the inside covers of these books that needs attention. Some magazine articles are not suitable for certain teens, even though it does claim to be age-appropriate. I remember when I was fourteen, I read a series about colors. Each covers a different topic, such as suicide, alcoholism, drugs, sex, same-sex dating, and jealousy. In retrospect, I'm surprised I was allowed to check them out in the library. Fourteen-year-olds don't need to read books on such a heavy subject. Also, the language in books and music may be inappropriate for children, @MONTH1 is offensive and disrespectful to some adults. There needs to be more categorization of categories so people can get a better understanding of what they are getting into when they look at a book or magazine. When a child goes up to check a book they find, the librarian sometimes doesn't even notice the book they got, they simply check it out. Libraries should have a rating system like a movie. Generally people don't let their 10 year olds see a movie rated @NUM1, @CAPS2 or unrated, so @CAPS1 will they let their kids get a book with the same content? If books had a rating system, that 10-year-old wouldn't be exposed to a mature book rated "@CAPS2" or "@CAPS4." In the library, there is not as much supervision as they need. I know libraries are not daycare centers and librarians are not babysitters, but stricter guidelines are also needed because some people don't fully understand what their children or themselves are reading. For example, a 13-year-old girl wants to check out @CAPS5 magazine because her best friend's sister finds out. The girl's mother allowed this because it probably wouldn't be too bad, and she thought her daughter wanted to see pictures of new clothes and trends. What mom @MONTH1 didn't realize was that with an article in the middle of the magazine on sex and protection, @MONTH1 opened up a whole new world for little girls. Even though mothers shouldn't let daughters look at magazines, girls might never read that article if library rules were stricter. Even if a librarian had to If libraries were better at reviewing books, the kids and teens of @MONTH1 wouldn't be reading stuff that wasn't appropriate for their age. I' @CAPS4 not saying that books should be
This post is intended to describe my views on whether certain potentially objectionable material should be removed from library shelves. I think in general anything that offends anyone should be taken out of the library. I think if they are very offensive then they should be taken out; but if they are only slightly offensive then I think they should stay. Because libraries welcome people of all ages, material that may offend children will not be seen as offensive to adults most of the time. But since kids get in there and have access to anything there, they might end up finding something that might be objectionable. If a child finds out that their parents might be considered offensive, the library might be sued, which is not good. So if they just take away any books, music, magazines or movies that aren't suitable for all ages, they can reduce their risk of being sued. Libraries are meant to provide information anyway. They don't need offensive stuff because offensive stuff is rarely informative. Libraries should only contain what they are used for: encyclopedias, dictionaries, books, and other books that can provide people with useful information. In conclusion, I would say that any material that might offend anyone of any age should be taken out of the library. Libraries are designed to give people information, so I think that's all they should have
Should books, music, movies and magazines that offend the public be removed? No, I strongly disagree. Should @MONTH1's books be offended as there are thousands of different books and more. All books have different themes and themes, and all readers have different opinions on them. For example, there is a book on abortion and you want to learn more about the subject, so you want to check it out. In the row behind you is a lady who tells you not to buy the book because she doesn't agree to kill the baby and tells the owner to cancel the book because of it. No, it doesn't happen just because someone hates or doesn't like something, it's probably something that someone likes and enjoys. Here are some reasons why you agree to take things like sex off the shelf. Things like sex @MONTH1 offend people because you @MONTH1 believe it promotes sex to young teens or young kids, but it doesn't. Most books on sex teach you the right and wrong things and how to be yourself. People need to know about @PERCENT1's global teen sexuality, and @MONTH1's books can help you protect yourself and others. In conclusion, there are a lot of people @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 who don't like books or whatever they find offensive, but everyone has an opinion. You cannot take things away just because a person is not far from the person in question and is seeking help or information about a personal problem. For these reasons, I don't agree to take away items that are offensive to others by @MONTH1, because everyone in this world is different and shouldn't change because of someone's disagreement or opinion about you.
No, I don't think books or any other material should be removed from a library just because some people might find them objectionable. I think if parents see something they don't want their kids to read, then they have the right not to let their kids read, but it's not fair to take it off the shelves entirely. That book marked as "offensive" could be a way for another person to learn about that book and possibly gain something from it. There are some non-fiction books that can be labeled "offensive" and they are non-fiction books. This is what really happened, anyone can learn something from reading it, and taking it away will take away knowledge that another person might have gained. I believe that in libraries, people should have the option to read what they choose instead of ripping it off the shelf because parents don't want their kids to read it. I think if they don't want their kid to read it, then a parent can tell that kid they don't want them to read that, and everyone wins. I know I've read some non-fiction books that will be labelled offensive by some, but through that book I've also learned a lot about the subject at hand. Taking that book away will show that you care only about how offensive it is to some people, not how it helps expand the knowledge of others. If we were to take away every book that might have racial slurs here or violence there, we would leave little room for children to read and learn. They read these books and they can discover how racial slurs or acts of violence hurt someone emotionally and physically, and they should never do it for fear of the deference they might have to face later. In general, I think library books and other materials should be on the shelf, and if someone finds it offensive or anything, they shouldn't read it, and they shouldn't deprive someone of their knowledge. We live in a world where education is everything, and we believe everyone should be educated. But if we take every book a person doesn't like, then what else do we have to learn.
Censorship in libraries is an important thing in schools and the public. This is important because certain movies, books and magazines have a greater impact on children than most people think. Like some really gory movies, the people in the movies are always cut or filmed. Do you really think some kids don't think about hat things? Sometimes children can see in their heads that they can do what they see or read. Like the movie @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 they just beat and kill for people of color. Some kids @MONTH1 think it's okay. They can go to the library there, take it off the shelf, check it out, and go home. Now, if you're using it to teach your kids that's the way it used to be and it's wrong, that's okay. You can teach your child all you want, just make sure it's right. Some magazines in schools or public libraries aren't the kind of stuff kids shouldn't read. Like gun magazines or hunting magazines, they can carry guns as long as they go. Hunting magazines just show that you can go out and photograph things. Some kids @MONTH1 are confused, you need a lisense to do all of this. You have to restrict and age restrict at least something. The same goes for Go, where some books start out great and then turn into a mess and viciousness. Like a rave, it starts with a group of people exploring a boat underwater. They found a big place, they went in, they got these powers, they imagined it, and it came true. Well, when a kid reads that they @MONTH1 think they can do it, they start imagining they can eat hurt or actually do some damage to someone. Then when they found it didn't work, they @MONTH1 did it to them themselves. So it just goes to show that you should review some things in your library and if you can get them out then at least age-restrict them
Do I think objectionable material should be removed from the library? No, I think if a person is offended by it then they shouldn't get it. They should ignore it and find something else that interests them. If the person complains about a book, music, movie or anything, then they shouldn't go to the library. I think if people get offended and complain about a book or something like that, they shouldn't be making a lot of noise in the library. When I was in seventh grade, we went on a field trip to the city library. I thought it was funny because it looked so bad inside. I was walking around looking for a book about animals because all seventh graders have to study animals. When I looked, I saw a guy yelling at one of the librarians. He was a man of color, and he complained because he read a book about slaves. He was angry because his grandfather was a slave. I read the book, and I don't think it's offensive because it tells the story of slaves who have to work hard and then eventually they're free. My point is that objectionable material should not be removed from the library. People who don't find them offensive will read them. If a person finds a book objectionable, then they should walk away and find another book. That's why I don't think objectionable material should be removed from the library.
Library Review author Katherine Paterson once said, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves." @CAPS1 is one of @CAPS1 Many books, magazines, and movies outside of China that contain content that is not necessarily suitable for young children. Part of a parent's job is keeping their kids safe and finding age-appropriate materials. However, that doesn't mean taking materials off library shelves for everyone. Library censorship robs people of their freedom of choice. In addition, content that is not suitable for children @MONTH1 is also suitable for adults. Parents are responsible for reviewing what their children take off the shelf. All people in @LOCATION2 have certain rights that allow them to express themselves and freedom. People have the freedom to choose, whether it be books, magazines, movies or music. Everyone is different, which leads to different interests for everyone. The library offers a variety of materials, which allows people to choose what they want according to their interests. Reviewing what's on library shelves @MONTH1 is a great idea for children, but adults have the right to choose what they want to take off of the shelf. Do you want to take away some of your freedom? Censorship greatly reduces everyone's freedom and their individuality. In addition, censorship of content on library shelves limits the range of material available to readers. @CAPS1 is @CAPS1 content that children should not see; however, adults have the right to choose what they want to read and engage with. While some of the material is not suitable for children, adults @MONTH1 found it fun. Libraries provide a wealth of materials that allow people to express themselves and find entertainment. @CAPS1 has many different genres of books and music, @CAPS1 and reviewing these will limit the variety considerably. Furthermore, parents are responsible for looking after their children. They choose what @CAPS1 kids wear, where they live and where they go to school. It's no different when it comes to books, movies and music. Every parent has a different parenting style, and they choose what works best for their child. If a parent finds something offensive or inappropriate, they will protect their child from harm. However, another parent @MONTH1 has no problem with this. What children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent. After all, you can't keep your kids away from everything. Library reviews cause more problems than solutions. It deprives patrons of choice and freedom. Censored material also greatly limits the variety of content people can choose from. It is not the responsibility of the law to choose what children can and cannot read, it is the responsibility of parents to watch over what they take off the shelf. As citizens of @LOCATION1, we have the right and freedom to act as individuals. Censoring material on library shelves can result in very little material left. As Katherine Paterson said, 'Then there are no bookshelves on any of us' shelves.
Censorship Does today's society need censorship? Even things that were considered bad @NUM1 @NUM2 years ago can be viewed, read, listened to, etc. today. Is it a required process or should libraries have the free will to put things in there as they seem to fit. It's still a good process to use, or an outdated, unneeded resource that is no longer needed. Everyone today says to read, but the library @MONTH1 doesn't have your genre of literature, so why would you read something you don't, because the library doesn't have the book you want to read. I believe library censors should be the ones who remove from the library any book they find offensive or unethical. I don't believe they should remove books for bad language or things about God. I think books, magazines or movies with "@CAPS1" content should be removed from the library if they see fit. Libraries should only offer books they don't want to have, books that are not very popular but are considered "bad" by the library. They should only have the books they want. I do believe they should review the library. I just don't believe it should be a harsh system. I think they should set standards for what they want to have and follow those standards on the books they buy. However, I do think that some libraries will set their standards so low or high that they will have many books that are considered "bad", or no books at all. This is a very good line when it comes to materials that libraries have to consider good or bad. I think there should be a national set of standards for libraries to set the types of materials that are good for libraries. I believe that review remains a necessary and rewarding process. I just think it's largely an opinionated process. There are not enough facts or opinions of the people. I think this should continue to be used by society, I just believe it should be more controlled than it is today.
Author Kathryn Patterson declared: "All of us can think of a book that we wish our children didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf - that's what I hate work - then you have the same rights and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. A contentious issue in today's society is people's conflicting perceptions of library censorship. Many types of books, magazines, music, movies, etc. are banned from library shelves because of their content. From personal experience, libraries should not allow observation and reading of censorship issues. If censorship continues, library shelves are very It will soon be empty. Certain reading and entertainment genres have started to disappear one by one. It is understandable if one person disagrees with the material in these books, but why would they want to spoil other people's entertainment? From my own experience , people in my elementary school at the time couldn't enjoy reading the popular series. Since I was in @CAPS1 school, the priest at the corresponding church at the time thought he disagreed with the content of the series. As a result, he took charge and let the school staff Remove these books from our school library and not allow any students to come to school with these types of books. If it was up to him, he would decide to go ahead and take all these books from all over the world. Just because one person They shouldn't have the power to banish cute leisure for others without agreeing with what that book says. Authors and artists of books, movies and music are free to choose whatever. It shouldn't be up to their audience to decide whether it's appropriate or not. This The concept is simple; if readers or viewers don't think they'll agree with the work, then they shouldn't take the time to read or look at the work at hand. Just because they may not fully think what the content contains is necessarily appropriate, others may Love it. Censorship is wrong for this reason. The creators of their work are likely proud of what they have accomplished and want their audience to love it. They are trying to appeal to @MONTH1's audience for their taste in style with Works are not necessarily different for people who have their own opinion on the matter. Books should not be taken out of the library as one may deem it inappropriate for publication, another @MONTH1 likes it very much. Likewise, if the content of a literary work does not appeal to the individual force, then that person shouldn't read it. As human beings, people are free to choose what they want to read and what they don't want to indulge in. So make the right choices when deciding what you want to read and don't spoil the enjoyment of many others. In many Authors are involved in censorship in different types of literature . For example, in the popular award-winning novel @CAPS2 @NUM1, books are burned or "censored" because they contain information that people shouldn't have known at that time .However, in today's world, books are a major form of entertainment and important to everyone's knowledge. Books provide so much information on almost every subject known to man, if books were burned now, it would be is a giant Big loss if found reading a book. Patterson did point out that everyone has a right to their opinion on this matter, but if people don't take the right approach to the situation, there won't be books on the library shelves for generations to enjoy. . Everyone has his own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge contained in them. Due to the increasing censorship-consciousness of libraries today, people at @MONTH1 will never be able to enjoy certain types of books, movies, music and magazines. From my past experience in situations like this, I know how wrong it is to deprive someone of their own literary genre. People shouldn't have a say in whether something is appropriate to take out of the library. If individuals don't simply agree with the specifics of the work, then they need to accept it and move on, not let millions of other people dislike it. Also, from a different reading, censorship is indeed a serious problem but should be abolished. Leave the books on the library shelves now for future generations to enjoy for themselves
Censorship is a law, and it is often violated. You cannot censor any books, movies, music or magazines. Censorship laws are usually broken in libraries. I feel like censorship affects writers and the school system. In the United States, people have the right to express their beliefs and feelings about any type of topic that is brought up. Many libraries take away this right by not allowing certain books not to be read in class or not allowing students to watch certain types of movies. I think it would offend the person who wrote the book or the writer of the screenplay. If their librarian doesn't want a certain type of book in her library, then she shouldn't be doing that job, or she shouldn't have books at all. Just because she doesn't like this type of book doesn't mean other people coming in won't want to read it. If the teacher doesn't want her class to watch movies because it's something she doesn't like, then she shouldn't even show movies in her class. In school, we don't allow certain topics to be read in the library because the school system thinks we know it's bad. If we want to understand something we should be able to do. Maybe we don't want to understand what our teachers teach us. Are we taking away everything the teacher used to learn the subject? Are we taking teachers out of the classroom? No. We show respect, we read what they want us to read, and we listen to their views on the subject. This is respect, we learn it in kindergarten. I think they should respect us and let us read and watch movies about the type of books and movies they've taken from us. Where we live, censorship is illegal. But why isn't the government taking it seriously? I think they need to realize what they allow is discrimination against writers. If we discriminate against someone virally, we 're in trouble. So why do they do nothing about physical discrimination? We should be able to gain a higher understanding of the topics we think need to be studied. I think this law should actually be enforced and not ignored. It's not fair to us or the authors.
Do you think books with vulgar stuff in them should be on library shelves? We all know that there are some books that our parents wish we would never have. During this time, try to find a good action movie without swearing. It is almost impossible to do so. Just because books have foul language, gore, and pornography doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelves. Have you read the banned books list recently? I have, and some of these books have ridciolus on them. Here's a couple of @PERSON2, @PERSON1, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @PERSON2's @CAPS4. I could go on and on, the list is a mile long. Some of these books have historical significance behind them. They also have morals behind them. I don't think books should be pulled from the ego just because there are some bad words. It's not that we've never heard them. In @CAPS4 from @CAPS3 @PERSON2 they have banned it from schyools due to the use of the word "nigger". In our day and age, that's not a good word. Back when we had slaves, that's what they called it. Here are the views and opinions of an anti-slavery maker. @CAPS7 @CAPS8 Banned for animals talking. Please, really, they have animals talking all the time in the movie. I believe if the kids don't do that, the animals won't really talk and we might have problems. Do you find @PERSON3's show @CAPS9 offensive? Well, it has been banned because @CAPS10 and @CAPS11 are racist. I wonder how some of these people came up with this. Whoever picks up this objectionable material can choose whether to read it or not. Even if it's objectionable, it should be on the shelf. I believe it's entirely up to you if you read it. Like you go to an mvie store, they rate movies. You don't want to watch a movie rated @CAPS12 then don't rent it. They can use the same method with books. Do you still think offensive books should be taken off the shelves? If you say yes, I wonder why. Reading it is your choice. There are already all these other banned books, why ban them. Books with vulgar language, blood, and pornography don't mean they should be taken off the shelves.
I think the review of the library is wrong. Books, movies and magazines are designed to inspire, inform and entertain reading. If you find something offensive in a book, movie or even a magazine, it doesn't mean the next person will. If you don't want your kids to read or watch this stuff, then limit what they watch or read and don't make people happy with what they're reading or watching. They have the same right to put these books, movies and magazines on the shelves as you do! There was a time when I wanted a book, but libaray wouldn't get it due to the adult content in the book. However, I grew up reading those books, so to me it's not adult content. The same goes for movies, I was allowed to watch movies rated @CAPS1 when I was eight. However, a movie's rating will tell you whether it's for children or adults, such as @NUM1 to rating @CAPS1. libaray has the same production, kids can't rent @CAPS1 rated movies without their parents present, same goes for movie theaters. Parents worried about their children's health shouldn't have the library remove books, movies and magazines from the shelves because of something they find offensive. Others who pay their taxes for these books, movies and magazines want to read them as much as the next one, like some libraries ban "@CAPS4 by @PERSON1" because of the way the stories are written. Someone felt disgusted and called a lot of other people who didn't read the book but got a word from someone who did and banned the book. If they read the book, they will understand that this is not offensive, but a fiction of @CAPS4. I remember living in a small town where there were a lot of christin people, so there were only christin books in the library. When I go to the library and ask for a series of books, I always get rejected due to Christine's large population. I tell them "I have as much right to put these books on the shelf as they have to put books on the shelf." I never got those books, but maybe one day they'll look back on those requests, And think about the way they should get them. I think the reason censorship is wrong is that no one should be able to tell people what they should read or watch. Everyone will have these books and movies on their library shelves when they pay the same tax. If you have questions about what your child sees and reads, limit what your child reads and reads. Don't deprive other people of the right to read and watch what they want.
In Katherine Paterson's article, she tells us she doesn't want her child to pick up a potentially offensive book from the shelf. But I think certain parts of the library should be kept out of the public eye but still reserved for those specific people. If my child were to pick up a book that was not suitable for his/her age group, I would not be successful, because I know some book groups are close to others, but they are for everyone, which may will offend some people. I will tell my son/daughter that book is not for you and we will go pick a new book to read. In general, I think some parts of the library should be designed for certain age groups and should not be seen by children. Because once I was that kid and wanted to find a really great book to read through miles of bookshelves, but that hasn't happened in a long time, I've been wondering about finding a book that's not my age. So I think library staff need to be more careful to make sure that this kind of thing doesn't happen again.
There are some movies, books, music, etc. that @MONTH1 is offensive to some people. I feel that if you are at an age appropriate for a certain literature, you should be able to observe it. If you read a book and you find it offensive, you shouldn't read it. Books, music, and movies are all there to entertain you, but if you're not entertaining, then what you're reading or watching isn't for you! I had an experience of being offended by a movie I watched. It demeans women, who are beaten and treated as slaves. I was offended because when I watched the movie, I realized these women were someone's daughter, mom. I don't agree with my mom being treated this way and I don't want any other woman being treated this way. After watching the movie, I went to tell my mom how that movie offended me. I'm sure the authors who wrote these books didn't mean to offend readers, however, @MONTH1 has a way for them to rephrase what they said. I know people have opinions and people think differently. You shouldn't buy a book like this if it's obvious the reader's intent is to offend the reader. If you find a book on your shelf and find it offensive, you don't have to remove it from the shelf. Another person @MONTH1 read the book and they might like it. Everyone has their own way of thinking and how they absorb information. It @MONTH1 was offensive to readers, but others @MONTH1 received the book and appreciated it. In conclusion, I feel that if you are offended by a certain book, a certain type of music, or a certain movie, you should learn from the movie and explain why it offended you. If parents are offended, they shouldn't let their kids watch it as well. It can negatively affect your child. Books, music, movies, etc. are meant to entertain, not to offend.
I believe censorship is a very controversial topic for many people. But I think my prospects are good and I have a good view on that. In this post, I'll give you my reasons, explain, and give some reasons why I think censorship is a good thing and should perhaps be strengthened. a. Should books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be taken off the shelves. I believe this is @LOCATION1 and everyone should have the right to read what they want to read, and what they don't want to read. I believe that if someone wants to read something vulgar, let them read it. If they are adults, it is their choice. I think as far as the children part is concerned, no, children shouldn't read @MONTH1 vulgar, pornographic, etc. aloud. To keep kids away from these vulgar things, they should have or keep separate parts kids, adults. I don't think kids should have access, maybe they won't know or want it. If their parents think it's okay and want them to read, see, listen, they have to get it for them before they reach adulthood. I don't think children should be sugar-coated and blind to the world, I just believe they need to be limited to a certain extent. I obviously think censorship is a good thing. I think if there were more, I think there would be less crime. Kids are learning this, what they were looking at when they were young like god, thought it was okay from the beginning, and grew up with that picture and message, they thought it was okay. No, I'm not saying all kids learn everything from TV etc, yes some @MONTH1 think kids don't copy what's on TV at all. But I think TV, books and music have a big impact on the way kids see the world. As much as I love rap music, I love movies like ATL, rappers like @ORGANIZATION1, even sometimes when I watch or listen to this stuff it tires me out and makes me feel like I want to be in the world There's a bad attitude that makes me feel like I want to live that hard life like that. I think music, books, what we watch on TV, and what we see in magazines can have a big impact. Like we watch the news, there is something frustrating, it puts you in a bad mood, or sad or depressed. Media, music, television, books, magazines, etc., can affect our mood, our behavior, and sometimes even the way we speak and dress. I'm not saying it's a bad thing to dress more like a city, I'm just saying that when you start committing a crime, drug use because of it, it's a problem. I believe only kids should be vetted and not adults because by the time you're an adult, you've pretty much done it your way and have a good idea of what you're supposed to do and what you want when you're done. The kids are still on the go, like sponges. Censorship, is a very sensitive and controversial/controversial issue, but that's just my opinion, what's yours?
Who @MONTH1 follows; as a student, I find myself reading a lot: at home, at school, in the library, in the car, basically anywhere I can get my hands on fiction. However, the novels I read are not always the ones I choose for personal gain. I must admit that I am not an avid reader myself. I'm the kind of student who likes to read books that interest me. Many of the books I've chosen relate to reality, often involving what @MONTH1 is considered explicit. I believe books, magazines, movies, music, etc. should not be taken off the shelves. As @CAPS1 citizens, we have the right to freedom of speech. This allows us to express our thoughts and express our ideas freely without restricting our individuality. This law gives authors and producers the right to create works based on what they want. @MONTH1 is considered to be a clear medium that attracts all kinds of people, and for some it is considered disturbing. With the freedom of @CAPS2, we can choose to watch the above movies or read the above books, but we can also choose to avoid these situations. When producers make films that contain pornography, language, or violence, they're not making a film, they want every citizen to see it. They know some citizens are against that content. There is no law forcing us to watch movies we don't want to watch. We have the ability to choose what we want and what we don't want. Explicit materials are everywhere. Walking into @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3, we see books, music and magazines on the walls, most of which contain explicit material. While many novels contain explicit material, many do not. People complain about explicit content in novels, when in fact, there are a lot of novels that are not explicit. We are trained as humans to look for the bad in situations. We live a pessimistic lifestyle. Citizens need to learn to recognize that not everything is scary. Look for benefits in the situation. There is a large amount of media that does not contain explicit or sexually explicit material, and we receive warnings about what does and does not contain such material. These warnings are required! Set up tags like @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 to demonstrate that the following content is open to general audiences, with or without parental supervision. Parents have the right to monitor the content of their children's own participation. They can make rules for their kids saying they @MONTH1 only watch @CAPS3 rated movies, or they have to get parental consent to read magazines or novels. Parents are guardians for a reason; they need to monitor their child and take care of him or her. If they don't like the music, novels, movies, etc. that kids watch, then change it! They have the right to do so. Instead of taking explicit material off the market to everyone, limit what you personally want yourself banned from your family and talk to them! Katherine Paterson was absolutely right when she said, 'If I had the right to take that book off the shelf. ..then you have the same rights, as do everyone else . Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. If we have the right to remove books, movies, magazines, etc. that we don't think should be put on the market, we most likely no longer own the media. With billions of citizens in @LOCATION1 alone, everyone is bound to find some flaw in some book. Every time a flaw is found, we want to eliminate that book, movie or magazine from society, leaving us with no material to choose from. Those who strongly oppose the removal of explicit material will move quickly, not those who oppose it. This will create a corrupt society full of struggles. As human beings, we enjoy the freedoms we are given and the choices we are allowed to make. Depriving us of the freedom of what we read or watch robs us of our individuality and sense of expression. Books, movies and magazines are meant to be read by opinion, and should remain that way. Books, films and magazines should be allowed to remain on the market, even if they contain explicit material. The choice of reading or viewing this material is up to the individual and should not influence the opinions of others.
To followers of @CAPS3 @MONTH1, I believe that books, movies and magazines should not be removed from library shelves if they are found to be objectionable. @CAPS2's book @MONTH1 may seem offensive to the folks at @CAPS2, but to others the outlook is very different. I believe that if books or something are found to be undesirable, they should have a special place for them to read and mature people will be able to read them. In America, books are very valuable to most people. Many people enjoy reading things that others might find offensive. But is it really wrong for @CAPS3 to make them like what other people spend their time writing? Just because a person reads a book or magazine and they find something in it they don't like, they call it @CAPS3 offensive. I have a feeling that more people will feel the same. Except for movies etc. I don't think they should be removed from library shelves. There's a kids section, a @CAPS1 section, and even a teen section. I feel like today's parents don't want their kids to learn things early in life. But I still feel like if they don't want kids to read @CAPS3, then don't let them. If needed to actually look at something and give @CAPS3 another chance, that's going to be the topic here. Libraries around the world are neat and tidy. So why can't they just make a section for books, movies, magazines that people find offensive. Sure @CAPS3 might need more work, but hey, @CAPS2 has to do @CAPS3. As you can see, these are good reasons why they shouldn't remove things from the library that other people find annoying. I mean, half of what they find in any way is based on true stories or biographies. People really like these books, even movies or magazines. @CAPS3 It would be great if that happened, @CAPS3 would make a lot of people happy and satisfied.
Do I think certain material should be removed from library shelves if found offensive? I think all types of materials should be in the library to suit the different styles people like. Censorship should not come into play because everyone has their own opinion on what is considered offensive and what is not. It will make a lot of people happier by giving everyone the freedom to enjoy what they like. People's needs vary from one extreme to the other. What one likes, the other @MONTH1 hates. This should not play a role in whether material should be removed from public spaces such as libraries. Everyone has the right to express themselves in their own way through art. Taking away art that some find objectionable is unfair to those who love it. By doing this, not everyone will be satisfied when not everyone gets what they want. Review should not involve any library. Entertainment cannot always please everyone. Whatever anyone has to say will be judged in many ways, so the question should be left alone. Arguing to take away material that some people like only fuels tension and makes things worse. For example, it is understandable that parents do not want their children to be welcomed into a world of media where not everything has a positive impact. This is life, and not everyone feels the same way about it. You have to think of others and respect their views on all of this. Opinions will vary based on what I have to say. I firmly believe that people should be empowered to enjoy material that interests them. Censorship certainly has its positives and negatives, but in most cases it's false and shouldn't play a role in any library. Reducing the availability of people's interest in them will only lead to frustration. You can't please everyone, so censorship has to be overridden in this case.
The library holds many books and films such as fiction, non-fiction, history, fantasy and adventure. The books come in many different styles and portraits, and many of them @MONTH1 are objectionable, but that doesn't mean they're off the shelf. One book that comes to my mind that could be considered offensive is "@CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION2". This book talks about black people as slaves and how they should be whipped for being freed and calls them @ORGANIZATION1 Offensive names but it's a classic and is in almost every bookstore or library in the country have. Why, because it was written back when slavery was legal and slaves were considered property rather than people. A movie that a lot of people have seen lately is ghetto @CAPS4. The movie features a boy from the ghetto being tortured because he knows the answer to the question in the game show "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 become @CAPS4?" Many Indians @CAPS2 smarter may be offended by this because they say if you grow up in a slum you are not smart. But, people blow it because it's a movie, so it's not real. But if you go to some people and ask them these books are movies, some will say they are @ORGANIZATION1, others might be offended so they might stay on the shelf. The book @CAPS5 @CAPS6 is a book about the Civil War, it may be an offensive scene, showing both sides of the idea that slavery was good or bad at the same time, but it's another classic that will stay on the bookshelf superior. So library books shouldn't be censored for offending race, gender, or group; they should stay on the shelf because every book except a few children's books has something objectionable about it. So if we take books off the shelf because they are objectionable, they have nothing to read except "@ORGANIZATION1"!
If your @CAPS2, would you read a book about @CAPS1 times? Will you read about how people of your religion, or even your family, are tortured? maybe not. If you were a man/woman of color, would you be involved in a book that talks about slavery? not necessarily. If you were a mother, would you want to read a novel or magazine about abortion? Would you let your kids read that book? of course not! So you're probably wondering why they're even on the shelf, right? It's basically on the shelves for a reason, to immerse us in the knowledge it holds. Whether we're studying criminals, racism, or war, there will always be people who oppose it all. When we read, we find books we like, and we look for books that spark ideas and images in our minds. However, most of us don't quite understand why others refuse to read such a book, even with a book in their hands that is different from all their beliefs. Faith matters to people regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation or race. It's just a way of life. Some stories are for our entertainment, some for our emotions, and some for our knowledge. When authors write, they usually think about events that have already happened or what they predict might happen in the future. The author is trying to make you aware of the world around you, not trying to offend you. Books tend to affect people in many ways, positively and yes, sometimes negatively. It's something they can't really control, so you can't blame anyone for being offended. I disagree that libraries shouldn't put these books on their shelves, I think they're good for us. No, I'm not saying we should eat books everywhere. We should take the time to read some so-called offensive books. You might be thinking, there's no way I could pick up that type of book and sit down and read it. But, I tell you, if we read these books, more people will understand how bad it was back then, and some things are still bad. Consider abortion. Books about abortion give us an idea of how scary it is, or how it affects more than just women who have had one. It appeals to the emotions of others in a way that makes them think twice about life decisions. For our own well-being, books should be on the shelf. When it comes to options, you'll know what to do. You know how useful books are in helping us differentiate between right and wrong. You first understand why books are on the shelf, no, not for the money. I know you'll understand what I'm trying to tell you. Head over to your library now and pick up a book about a book you don't want to read anymore. Who knows, maybe you'll get a book that makes you think twice
In my opinion, I don't believe that anyone can choose what a child or any other age group chooses to read. What is right and what is wrong is not for the public to decide. When society says every kid can't read a certain book, or listen to a certain song, just because it's offended by someone. There are laws against restricting what a person can or cannot see. There's a level of media that isn't as appropriate as it should be, but that doesn't mean it has to go away entirely. Some of the reasons society can't perceive everything is because not everyone is offended by everything, it's up to the parents of the child to decide what is right or wrong, and in the end, if the choices we have are limited, personality is compromised. When someone is offended by the media outside, it doesn't necessarily mean that the other person is offended as well. When I don't like videos, books, or any other type of content, others shouldn't be censoring it because my opinion gets in the way of what they like. I know that, personally, I don't want someone to take my favorite book and leave it to my kids to read. What is public is always insecure from other people's viewpoints. Like I wouldn't believe what others believed, but, I would see it being valued by others and shouldn't be a subject of scrutiny. Books deemed inappropriate should be reviewed at the discretion of the young child's parents. Such decisions should not be left to a group of people with opposing views. When children grow up and are taught the values they know today, it is their parents who teach them, not a society full of people with different viewpoints. There's a quote from the author that says "there's a book we can all think of that we don't want our kids or any other kids to take off the shelf", which means that if we all have the right to remove a book or shelf from our Anything else they don't like, then they don't have any books left. I believe this statement, and I believe many others will too. Personality is when one person has different emotional characteristics from another. We can all choose the books we read and the music we listen to, which is why we all have personalities. When people start thinking they're allowed to delete a song or a book because that's not what they want others to see, then everyone does it and no one has that song they like or makes them different feature because they were the only ones who liked that song. If no one on this planet has what they like and no one else likes the same, then we'll all be bored. I've learned from experience that being different is not a bad thing, and in some cases it's actually a good thing. Also, I've learned from experience that a boom that's no longer on a shelf being removed by someone is not a good feeling. I don't want the same thing happening to every other book in the world. It's a very good thing to practice the art of understanding and to keep an open mind when it comes to a certain material that another person happens to like. Later, when I find out that @MONTH1 isn't a book I want my kids to read, I'll drop the thread, remembering that everyone has an opinion. So all in all, I just want to let everyone know that books that are deemed inappropriate or offensive to one person, @MONTH1 are seen as a good thing for another person.
Take it @CAPS1? How do you feel when people publish magazines, movies or music that are very bad for you? How can you stop your kids or younger generations from watching this stuff? The truth is we can't stop them, they have so much porn and bad music in this world that you can get it anywhere. It's all over the internet and you can't control it. If I find something objectionable in a store or online, I should have the right to express my opinion and should take that opinion seriously. They shouldn't have anything inappropriate in public stores or places where children can go. This is not right and it sets a terrible example for children. Some people should know better and accept @CAPS1. Almost every day I go online, I see something on the side of the site advertising some kind of porn site. It's incredible how this is allowed on a public website for everyone to see. If they're going to keep doing this, @CAPS2 needs to have some law that they can't be on a public site. I saw half-naked lady stuff on the side of the site, which I knew would be inappropriate for kids of that age. I know a lot of things in this world are about money and people make money by selling things to others. Selling movies, magazines and music, saying or doing something rebellious is easy money for teens and seniors alike. If they make funny stuff instead of porn, they can still make a lot of money, and everyone loves to watch, read or listen to funny stuff. So basically we're not going to stop this completely, and you should all know that. The best thing we can do is protest it and hope it will someday start disappearing from the public. It should eventually die. We can only hope for the best
Libraries have always had interesting materials such as books, music, movies and magazines, and there will always be. Libraries are one of the best places to find these materials. I don't think libraries should take these materials off their shelves because maybe some people find them interesting? That's what libraries love to read their books. If some people find different books offensive, they shouldn't go near those books. If they have a complaint, then they should keep it for themselves, not undermine the opportunity for others to check them out. Libraries shouldn't take certain materials off their shelves just because some people don't like them, it's your choice to read that book, no one will let you read something that makes you uncomfortable. Now say if a lot of people are dissatisfied with the material in the library, then the library can decide if they want it or not, but still doesn't need to tell them what to do. It's their business, they decide which materials stay and which materials go. If I'm one of those people who is offended by a book in the library, I'll just keep it to myself. I don't want to go through all the hassle of arguing and complaining because of a book. Sometimes think about others before thinking about yourself and their interests. Then you'll have less trouble later in life.
They should not be removed from the shelf. If someone finds it offensive, they don't have to look at it or check it. If someone finds it objectionable then they can request that the material be placed on their highest shelf. They can choose whether they can get it. Much of the material found in the library, even objectionable, may be helpful to others. The material may have or reveal some much-needed information. People who find it objectionable have the right not to look at it. Just because there's a certain material they find offensive doesn't mean everyone does it. People don't need to look at what they find objectionable. If something is objectionable, ask the librarian if that book or movie can be placed higher on the shelf. If they find the material offensive, then they can't watch it. If you find it offensive, don't check it. If they need it off-site, you can always put it on the highest shelf. There is a lot of objectionable material in the library. Even if they are found to offend someone, others can use the material for a paper or project. Getting rid of material may lose any information someone is working on. Books are always the easiest way to get information, but not when you get rid of them. The reason library materials should not be taken away is that children can still find them on the Internet. If you get rid of this material, you should probably get rid of your internet too. No matter how much you try to keep your kids away from finding or seeing something objectionable, there is always a way for them to see it. Therefore, offensive material should not be taken off the shelves in the library because they are needed and children will find these offensive things when they want them
How would you react if you saw a book on a library shelf that offended you in some way? Will you just take the book off the shelf and move on to find another book, or will you be so attracted to it that it needs to be removed from the shelf right away? Every school, public library, movie theater, magazine booth, and any form of media in this world does or says one thing or another that other people don't like. It might appear in the "Dos and Don'ts" section of a magazine, and you're slightly offended for doing something that's on a prohibited list or something related to a particular race. Everyone, at one point in their life, has been accidentally hurt by the words and publications of other people in the world, but I don't think that will ever stop. All forms of media are for learning and entertainment purposes. These things in the world are not for a specific group of people, they are for everyone. Everyone has their own opinion, and not everyone will agree with that person's point of view. Just because a person disagrees with a hairstyle that's trending right now doesn't mean they should remove it from a magazine for all audiences. To me, this is just ridiculous. So let's say you stumble upon a book about @ORGANIZATION1 in the library and you are a person of black descent. Would you be angry? Or, let's say you're watching a show that talked about slavery a hundred years ago, does that irritate you? It wouldn't make me angry at all if I was a person of black descent because it's just history, history that happened a long time ago has nothing to do with me. We can't throw those books away anyway, because without those history books in school, we wouldn't know our history. History is important to everyone and if we don't understand it and they do throw those books out, how do we prevent history from repeating itself? When I was a kid, my dad beat my mom a lot, so my mom was mad at anything in the media that had to deal with abuse. I'm trying to get my mom to watch a movie called "@CAPS1" with me. The film tells the story of a girl who is abused by her mother and gives birth to her father's child, who finally escapes and improves her and her child's life. My mom said she couldn't watch it with me because "it's too close to home." Everyone's life gets offended by the media. The media doesn't see you as a whole, it sees you as a group of people. When one doesn't like something, it doesn't mean it should be removed from history or erased, it should be rewritten or retaken. You can't control what other people say or do in a book or movie, you have to control how you see it. That's what I choose to do, and I'd say it works great.
No, because people like different books, movies, music and magazines. If people delete them, then people don't go back to that library. They'll go to other places to watch movies or whatever they get there. Some people want them to delete it, some people don't want them deleted. If you don't want your kids to read them, tell them, or don't let them get them
How do I view library reviews? I think there should be some censorship, but not too much. Everyone has their own interests and should be able to find something in their library that suits their interests. Certain materials are too strong to fit in the library. Some stores can provide you with this material for you to purchase. Most parents don't want their children exposed to these specific materials, so they don't think libraries should provide these types of materials. There are now some materials that are driving the development of their content. They're powerful, but not too powerful to fit in a library. Some people love these powerful materials and should be able to find them in their library for their enjoyment. Just because someone doesn't like the material provided by the library doesn't mean it should be taken away. If things work that way, there's nothing left in the library for people to enjoy. Everyone has their own taste in materials, whether it's more mature or more "tame". Everyone leans toward their opinions, but their opinions don't determine what's and isn't in their library. I myself like the various materials in the library. Some sturdy materials, some more "tame" ones. It all depends on personal interests and choices. Sometimes I @MONTH1 get disappointed when I look for something in the library and it doesn't exist because for some it's too powerful, but for me and others it's just a good harmless entertainment source. In conclusion, I think libraries should have some censorship, but not so much that people can't find what they're interested in. Everyone has the right to have their own beliefs, their own way of entertainment, but their library should not be built on personal opinions.
Do you think books, music, movies or anything else that might be offensive will be removed from our library shelves? Well, that's what I'm going to talk about in my article. I don't think certain materials should be removed from the shelves. The reason is, just because you don't like what one book might contain doesn't mean another won't. Also, some books that contain offensive content can help you become aware of the possible consequences that can give you a fresh look at these things. Also, if you think the reading material is going to be something you won't read, or you don't think it Sometimes I go to the library to find a book and I see it somewhere in a different store and they don't have it, so I'll ask and they say if it's not there it must be something in it and it might offend people. But I know a lot of people love those nasty vulgar books and some don't. People see things differently, so the person holding the book out loud or putting it out doesn't like the book or think it's inappropriate, doesn't mean other people won't like it either. Well, that's my take on some of the books that are going down or anything else that includes reading. I hope it makes people realize they do like other things than you, so don't put offensive reading out there so people can know if they don't like it then don't read it
So today I'm going to talk to you about the censorship of books, music, movies, and magazines in your library, because some of them can be very over-the-top about some of the things they talk about or do in the story. But yes, some of them may be more enthusiastic than others, but that doesn't mean you have to take them out of your ego. Yes, not everyone likes sex books, but some people like to read those things. But some people like to read stories of murders and drug gangs, which is fine. Just like that, everyone has their own taste in what they like. It could be a novel, @ORGANIZATION1. Sports, @CAPS1, just real stories that happened to someone, etc. It's just a part of the world. What if everyone liked the same things. It's boring, yes, yes. Therefore, I don't think books should be taken off the shelves. It might be the next best story for someone. You never know. Now with music, yes, what you call rap today is music your kids shouldn't be listening to. All they talk about is sex, drugs, anal, etc. But that doesn't give you the right to take them off the shelf, which is what some people like to hear. But there's some music that doesn't just talk about that. There's oldies, country, jazz, hip hop, etc, but for the most part, all music is good, it's just that some of them are better than others, let's take country as an example, it talks about some sex, some achole but It's not a whole song where they manly talk about country boys and what they do or what's happened to them over time, and they're quite right. So all the music is good, but I don't think the world would be a very good place without it. People are listening to music all the time. While exercising, working, driving or at home. So there's some good music and some bad music to get you on the phone. But with movies, some movies are made for this very reason, and they're all called adult entertainment. Yes, it's kind of pointless, but it's there to never leave. There are films made for sex, drugs and the gallbladder. That's just part of life, nothing is perfect. So in this case, you have to tell your kids these things to stop them watching it at a young age. Because I think it plays a big role in teen pregnancy because they see it, hey, it looks interesting, we should try it, and porn is so accessible. It's all over the web and so on. Like medicines, they are readily available. There are meth labs everywhere. Weeds are everywhere. You just have to tell your kids what they can watch. Disney, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2. All are great programs for kids. So parents are the bosses of these things. Now we get to the magazine. There are millions of magazines in the world and they are one thing that never leaves this world. They carry news, entertainment, comics or tips on how to do something. This is what will happen in the world until the end of the world. But yes, proceed with caution, there are magazines your kids shouldn't read until they're adults. But that doesn't make them bad guys, they like to read their favorite magazines, which is what people like. It's not like you're going to stop your son from watching @CAPS3. Or your daughter watching porn. It's all part of life. But you can stop it from happening at a young age. You just have to let your kids understand, don't watch these things until you're older. But you can't stop everything. But what I'm trying to say is, yes, there are some bad things out there, and they have a lot of good things. but this does not give you the right to delete them
Do I think objectionable reading material should be removed from library shelves? No, books should not be taken out of the library. If students go to school and go to high school, they pretty much already know what's going on around the world. Teens do talk a lot about their lives @CAPS1. High school and @CAPS2 students will hear. If parents are sending their kids to school and don't want them to know, don't send them to school! At school, they would hear oral arguments and see fights. If parents don't want them to hear from other kids what they're telling them, they'll explain it to them. They'll find out one way or another. It can come from parents, their friends, anyone's teacher. Teens don't care if your kids are watching them when they're fighting; they're not worried about it at the time. As the saying goes "one person ruins everything for everyone", that's because some teens need to grow up and show their age. If you can't show your age, then you shouldn't be in your grade. If kids and teens can't read a book immaturely instead of not reading it, they need to grow up. If their parents let them watch a movie they think they're old enough to watch, don't take advantage of that. Taking the book out of the library doesn't change anything. The kids will still fight and rough house. Yes, some books are a bit outrageous, but not all of them. Honestly, libraries should divide volumes according to their age or grade. High school students should be able to control reading about sex, drugs, or drinking. If they're not responsible for reading that book, they shouldn't get that book anyway. Songs made today can get a little out of hand. Talk about sex, drugs, alcohol if your kids listen to that kind of music with all the bad words. Compared to your parents, all you have to do is take those songs away. Mature teens shouldn't be punished just because immature ones can't watch movies, listen to music, read books or magazines. It's not fair to those people. People their age should be able to read or watch movies or whatever because they can handle the situation better. So don't punish everyone just because some immature kid ruined everyone
I am writing to reflect my views on library review. I don't think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelf if found objectionable. I don't think they should be removed because everyone has their own personal opinion on what is acceptable. Just because one person doesn't like something or finds it offensive doesn't mean everyone will feel that way. What one person might not like, the next person might like. I think the only way a material should be removed from the shelf is if there are a lot of complaints about the same material. Then maybe the library should consider removing the item. That's why they have ratings and different sections in the library so people can know what books they're going to read or what movies they're going to watch. There's no point in buying a book or a movie about something you don't like or that you find objectionable, there are so many things to choose from. How would they feel if one of their favorite books or movies was removed from a library shelf because another person didn't like it? They will be upset and disappointed by the situation. In conclusion, I disagree with the fact that certain material should be taken down if deemed offensive. I hope you can understand my point of view and consider my thoughts
"Hey", I think certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. First of all, I know people have different opinions on things like magazines, books, and music. And I also know @MONTH1 some things will offend you, but not others. Like music, there are all kinds of music out there. And I know some people find rap music offensive and some people don't. Because a lot of people who don't find it offensive are related to it. Second, I don't think it's a problem if people who find it objectionable ignore it. Because I know that some kind of magazine or book or even some kind of music they listen to might offend other people, they might not find it offensive, but I bet other people will find it offensive. So they judge these things to be wrong. Third, I'm pretty sure that if something in the library is too offensive to the library, the library won't have it. But maybe the world might be a better place if we spent time worrying about ourselves instead of worrying about what's offensive and what's not. Yes, I understand that people have different opinions, but we shouldn't let that affect us. So as you can see, I think certain materials, like books, music, magazines, etc., should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. Since there are billions of people on the planet, I doubt they will all give you the same answer. Because many people have different opinions and beliefs.
According to Katherine Paterson, she wrote an essay on censorship at the library. Should we have the right to freely take a book, magazine, movie, etc. off the shelf? Whether we are offended by it or not. I believe we shouldn't have the right to take things off the shelf freely. If we have that right, if you think about it, it creates problems from many angles. One problem it can cause is what people think about books, movies, CDs, etc. If a person looks at it and says "I don't like this and this." and then pulls it off the shelf, there's one less thing for the person who likes it. Now, just because that person doesn't like what the material offers to the public doesn't mean that others don't. No one in this world is exactly the same. Everyone in this world has their own likes and dislikes. If they have the freedom to take things, then there is nothing for anyone to read, hear, see, eat, etc. You also have to consider how this will affect the business of stores, libraries and other businesses. If everyone pulls everything off the shelf, there's nothing left to sell or read. If a business isn't making money, then they're going to have to close. Especially in today's economy, no business wants to be underfunded. In Katherine's final piece, she said, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use." This is basically reiterating what I said earlier about people's likes and dislikes about everything. If you don't want your child or any other child to see what you find objectionable. You should work on it with one of the workers so they can move it to a different section. Like a section for older kids and people. It mostly depends on the parent what content you want your child to watch. You are the ones who raised them the way you wanted. If you think they're too young for something, it's when you tell them no or something. We should not have the right to take anything off the shelf. Books, movies, music, etc. are all for entertainment. If it doesn't entertain you doesn't mean it's not for other people
There are tons of books in the world with deep meaning and compassion. However, other books may have a malicious or hateful effect on the person who is reading it. Censorship, taking books, movies, magazines, etc. off the shelves so people can't read or watch it, is a very positive thing. In many cases, censorship is a good thing. It protects young readers from hateful things at such a young age. In libraries, librarians are supposed to review books for young people so they don't read the terrible and hurtful things they say. Just like books, music, movies, and magazines, they should be censored. The beats of some music are so catchy that they can get stuck in the minds of young people. This @MONTH1 had an impact on that kid who @MONTH1 started acting like that or wanted to be like the person the song described. Movies should also be censored. When I was little, my parents did a good job of censoring things that weren't for me at that age. I hardly have any nightmares because I was never exposed to that kind of writing as a kid. On the other hand, my friend's parents are not the best at censorship, they allow her to watch or read whatever she wants. She has a ton of nightmares from the movies or books she's read. Now, since I was growing up, my parents started making me watch and read more censored stuff. In my experience with this type of material, I have had some nightmares and been personally offended by some books. While the book reviewed by @MONTH1 has a great story behind it, the material supporting it can be controversial among different people of different faiths. Thousands of books are reviewed every year. Many of them have to do with different religions or ethnicities where people have different opinions. Libraries need to censor books to protect young children's minds
'@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1' @CAPS1 people have @CAPS1 genre books, music, movies, etc. they like and @CAPS1 they don't. This means that what you like is up to you, and you are @ORGANIZATION1 forced to read or listen to anything you don't want to read. Books, music and other fun stuff is here as @ORGANIZATION1 so if you don't like it then you don't have to deal with it. I feel like @ORGANIZATION1 needs to take the book off the shelf just because someone offended @ORGANIZATION1. @ORGANIZATION1 told you that you had to read that book, and it's not the company or the author's fault that you rented it and felt insulted. Chances are @ORGANIZATION1 pointed the story to you, so why go all out for what happened to you and post it in the media? You selected @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. Why let a company lose investment for something that can easily handle @ORGANIZATION1, just take it back to your source? I've read @CAPS1 books, listened to @CAPS1 songs, and watched a lot of movies that weren't my favorite, but I didn't let them stop selling because I'm pretty sure someone liked it. Why stop someone else's enjoyment just because I'm not interested? This is really @ORGANIZATION1. That's the problem in today's world, where people turn small situations into big disasters for no reason. If you don't like it, don't get it. People need to put themselves in the company's shoes and realize that if it were them, they would understand. Books, magazines, music, movies, etc., are made for everyone in the world, making entertainment for those who are interested. Taking them off the shelf just because someone doesn't like it is redundant. People have different perspectives on life and that's what makes everyone different from each other. So why spoil someone else's fun in order to get what you want? As I said before, @ORGANIZATION1 had to remove an item from the shelf because someone was offended by something. This is the fault of the @ORGANIZATION1 company, so don't buy or take it back. Things will be much better. Get what works best for you and leave others on the shelf that don't.
Should offensive or graphic books be removed from the library? Well, in my opinion, I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are amazing, exciting and interesting, and reading or watching them should not be removed from the shelves of your local library. In fact, people generally have many tastes for their drama, romance, action, and many other genres of books, and these tastes also apply to movies, magazines, etc. The public shouldn't be penalized for a person's interest in the subject and how they view the book. They should be witch children age restrictions that cannot read certain books, and those ages should read whatever they like. I, myself love to read scary books, they give me chills and all sorts of questions are swirling around in my head. Others in my community may have the same mental profile as me when reading a horrible book. Without books that don't fit your personality, there will be fewer people reading in the library and more people trying to keep themselves busy, and half of them might even get bored and commit crimes to keep themselves busy. People in the community have the right to read, hear or watch any type of material they like. If people are really having difficulty with some of the material on display, they shouldn't even pick it up in the first place. They should be looking for something they will like, not just because the book is about "violence" or just don't like their subject, and shouldn't compare it to others who might like it. Books and other materials are there for us to enjoy them and to give authors or directors the choice to share their stories with us. Without books like this, many people cannot get ideas to help them create their own book or novel. That's my take on the situation, people should enjoy whatever material they like. But if you're one of those people who thinks books, movies, magazines should be deleted, spend the day reading a book or watching a movie from your local library and see how it changes your mind
There is a wide variety of reading materials that people read in libraries. You can find interesting stuff in cars, trucks, sports and fiction. There is some material in the library, as objectionable as it may be. But should these materials be removed from the library? Some people think they should do it, while others think they shouldn't. In my opinion, I don't think things should be removed from the library. Some people @MONTH1 find something objectionable, while others @MONTH1 think it's perfectly fine to have in the library. I think there should be certain regional and age restrictions for certain materials that people can find in libraries. I think there should be age restrictions for certain types of reading material. Children are not expected to read what is meant to be read by adults. That would teach kids bad things that don't need to read. I think there should be one area for kids from elementary to high school, and one area for adults. That way the kids don't read what's appropriate for adults. I also think there should be more indications of what some of the books are about. Like if there are books about slavery, they should have an area for such books and those who are offended know to stay away from it. The same goes for magazines. I don't think they should be removed from the library if I find them offensive to some people, because other people @MONTH1 love to read them. Some reading @MONTH1 is offensive to some but not @MONTH1 to others. I don't think things should be removed from the library. @MONTH1 folks if they're working on a project in a way that they have the resources, then they need to have something in the library. I do think certain movies and music should be taken off the shelves if little kids are making a lot of noise in the store. Children do not need to watch adult movies when they are in elementary school. That's not right. Especially if the movie promotes sex, violence and other things young children shouldn't do. So it seems to me that something should and should not be removed from the library. Music and movies that promote things young children shouldn't do. Magazines and other things should be kept out of reach only for adults
I don't think censorship should be an option for those who find a book, magazine or movie objectionable. I believe that if a person decides to take a book off the shelf because they are offended, they are clearly paranoid. If some swearing is found in a book, and a person doesn't want their kids to read that book, don't let them get it. Don't make everyone else suffer. For things that aren't even a problem, censorship is an unnecessary solution. You know what they say, 'If it's not broken, don't fix it. @CAPS1 On top of that, people have mixed opinions. Some people think violence is okay, some people don't. If one person decides to remove a book because they find it offensive, what will the next person think? They @MONTH1 think violence is perfectly acceptable and they might allow their kids to read this. Then there will be a big conflict. Finally, parents need to allow their children to grow and mature. They also need their children to know the difference between right and wrong. If they didn't watch violent or profanity books or movies when they were young, what would they do when they found out when they were older? As a child, now is the time to learn life lessons and begin to clearly distinguish between right and wrong. Protecting your child from it will only hinder their progress in problem solving and learning to think independently. Censorship is the same thing that @PERSON1 does to prevent people from thinking for themselves and discovering that his tactics are a colossal evil to society. In other words, censorship is part of fascism and shouldn't even be considered in @CAPS2 society. Citizens of @LOCATION1 have a responsibility to uncover the truth and teach our children to tell right from wrong. It's one of those ideals that helped make this country great
a. Sometimes needed, sometimes not. Children today are exposed to a lot of adult stuff, whether it's watching TV or watching a movie, or just witnessing things at home. I believe censorship is necessary for young kids who shouldn't be exposed to bad language, or graphic scenes, or stuff that's only aimed at adults. They will go through these things one day and they need to be mature enough to understand them. Teenagers, on the other hand, are quite different. They want to hear vulgar language, and they want to see vivid blood. It's all about action for the boys, dramatic for the girls, and everyone wants to hear those funny details. Censorship doesn't stop them from going on to the next movie or the book on the shelf that contains all of these things. While all teens act like it doesn't matter and they're old enough to see it all, sometimes they might not. If you think you tell your teenage daughter or son that they aren't allowed to watch a movie or read a book because of what it says, they'll probably go online and check it out. Nothing on the internet is censored, so if you're interested in censorship, don't go online. Adults do not need censorship. Adults there, they can make their own decisions, they know what they want to watch or read. Sometimes things need to be removed from the library shelves. There should be sections, children, teens and adults. Movies are rated and books are written for a certain age limit, so everything should be placed accordingly. Censorship is necessary, but your parent or guardian will most likely tell you if you are able to read or watch a movie. Some people find things more offensive than others. So censorship is really in the eye of the beholder. I personally believe in censorship, but for others it's a waste of time. I don't want my kids to watch a movie where someone is brutally murdered and every word in there is swearing. Music can be uncensored and censored, depending on what you want to hear. Censorship is either loved or hated, it's a big point.
Every book in a library has its own relationship to everyone who enters that library. Whether these books are good or bad for everyone is not up to the masses. Everyone has a different idea of what makes a story interesting. There will never be a book that everyone agrees is both appropriate and lively. Designed with very different minds, people want to read very different books, written by very different authors. People should keep choosing which books he or she @MONTH1 wants to read. Forever, a book will bind the world. The human mind is too complex to separate. For example; reading @PERSON2's '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' by @PERSON2 in my @CAPS3 class last year would have been more than appropriate, albeit rather boring for most classes. Books with racist, religious and sexual content can be intriguing or otherwise disgusting. It's impossible to find satisfying books that everyone in the community can agree on. There will always be someone who refuses to consent. It's a choice. Everyone can choose to read what he or she wants to read. If you impose something on a society of readers, what will they leave behind for their own freedom of thought? Let's face it, an emotionally comprehensive novel that forces atheists to read @CAPS4 beliefs won't be supported by readers. For some, the curse will bring a book to the point of reality. For others, however, it takes them further and further from the story. Choice should be an individual's right; especially reading a book written for reading. Finding the right book is not a problem. This hasn't been an issue yet. The only problem is finding the right books that are both intriguing and fascinating. I find "@CAPS5 in @CAPS6" very inappropriate. However, it took my mind beyond other dimensions. Others I know choose not to read it because of objectionable content. Do I find it offensive to some people? No, but I know other people might find it offensive. There is no way to approve a book without being offensive because it doesn't offend everyone who reads it. To reiterate, the human mind is unique, it has nothing to do with other people. Summarize the whole idea of this post; everyone should be given the option to read what he or she wants to read. Give everyone a choice and the rebellion will subside. Taking a book off the shelf only creates a desire to read in some people; sometimes total rebellion. Katherine Paterson is quite right about taking a book off the shelf every time someone wants to ban it doesn't leave anyone with a book. As a human being, I have a great connection with my mind, which longs for freedom of choice. Every human mind desires freedom of choice. Let people choose. Don't take any books off the shelf, let the results appeal to anyone interested in @MONTH1. Let readers have their freedom.
In today's society, people see things in many different ways. So what might be helpful to one person, @MONTH1 will offend others. In the library, there are different kinds of books; fiction, non-fiction..(etc). So if you don't like a book, maybe you should try looking in a different area. I don't think the book should be taken off the shelf because it offends some people. We are lucky to live in @LOCATION1 and we have freedom of speech. So authors are free to write what they want. They've worked so hard for a long time to publish a book and then someone wants to take it off the shelf because it offends some people? I don't think this is right. '@CAPS1 Man's trash is another man's treasure. I think this quote fits the theme very well, because the book @MONTH1 means nothing to one person, but it @MONTH1 means the word to others. You never know what the guys at @MONTH1 need to hear. Maybe an alcoholic is at some point in his/her life and ready for a change, and someone has a book about an alcoholic who is recovering. Now, this kind of book @MONTH1 offended some people, but it @MONTH1 saved a family, a friendship and even a life. Take @CAPS2 @CAPS3 for example, her diary is now a book. Now this @MONTH1 offends some who may have been there or may not like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 but her story deserves to be told. Yes, there's violence in it, I know maybe you don't want your @NUM1 year olds to hear how they treat @CAPS4 @CAPS7 women, but this story deserves to be told and it should be told. I don't think librarians have the right to remove a book from the library just because it offends some people. There are many different types of books, look for different types of books if the book you are reading offends you
I think a lot of books are good to read because some of them will tell you more things you don't know so you might pick up a book you like and read it and you @MONTH1 like it but read it to you The content doesn't make more sense. The books you read have certain types of characters that may talk about the opposite of what other characters are talking about. Another thing the magazine tells you is that sometimes people live their lives like people read some books without action. Or feel so they can pick up and read the book It's always good to pick up a book that's reasonable so people can read those books that are positive and it means a lot to other people to read the same book you read I think the best books are the ones that tell you about life and what you need to know to live it successfully you @MONTH1 come across a real book and get into it so you can sometimes get to know you in a magazine and movie book What is read and written on the presented thesis paper act and watch it as they do, most people probably think reading a book without action is boring so they get a book where they have action so It may appeal to them more than a regular book, but most books have more pictures than words and you should buy a book off the shelf that has what you need to know about why it might not always help you
In our society today, there will always be things that people disagree with or don't like. Items should not be removed from a shelf just because someone offended the item. Everyone has a book or movie they disagree with, but if it's just removed for that reason, the options left are pretty limited. Students will take advantage of this and they will delete educational books. Deleting an item from the shelf deletes the history. Our history books tell us the story of slavery and discrimination. If someone takes offense to this and deletes it, then we lose a piece of history that needs to be heard and taught so it doesn't happen again. Items in a library are items that you can choose to check out or not check out. If you're unhappy with an item in the library, you don't have to read it. What you @MONTH1 considers offensive to @MONTH1 is what inspires and encourages others. Whether you like or dislike an item is a matter of your personal opinion and shouldn't be based solely on someone's opinion. think about it. If you have a favorite book, movie or song, would you like to delete it based on someone's opinion? You have the right to read, watch or listen to whatever you want. It should not be limited based on the opinions of others. will cause a lot of controversy. Some people have different opinions about a certain item in the library, which will lead to arguments and possible violence. There are so many wonderful and inspiring books and movies out there, there will always be someone who doesn't like at least one of them. If an item is removed based on someone's opinion, the options left are very limited. People read for enjoyment and knowledge. They should have a wide selection to choose from. In our society today, there will always be things that people disagree with or don't like. Our opinion should not be based on a person's dislike of something. If they offend it, then they have the right to ignore it. There are so many books and movies out there that teach us about life before our generation. We need these books and movies so that all the hard times our ancestors went through are not repeated. We need these books for future generations so that we can teach and guide them. Items should not be removed from shelves based on someone offending the item.
Practice @CAPS1 You @CAPS2 @LOCATION1 is considered one of the greatest nations in the world because it is a free nation. The people on @DATE1 migrated here to escape their government's control over their hometown. At @LOCATION2, we practice free speech. If we censor books, music, movies, etc., that defeats the whole purpose of @LOCATION2, which is @ORGANIZATION1. Everyone has their own character, likes and dislikes. Not everyone likes the same music or is interested in reading about the same topics, which is why it's great that they're all sorts of things. If you start banning or censoring something, how will people learn? There's nothing wrong with learning about negative things, because it teaches people lessons so they know @CAPS1 or @CAPS1 don't do it in this situation. When you censor "bad things" it produces naive thinkers which only leads to discrimination. I agree that for kids, parents should be warned about material that @MONTH1 deems objectionable. For example, movies have ratings for different age groups, and so can books. Of course, it's up to the parents if they want to follow the advice, but there's no need to ban something all together. I personally learned a lot from watching @CAPS1 on TV. @MONTH1 Content on TV is considered "street smart" education, but that's fine. We live in a terrible and violent society today, so being "street smart" is an advantage. If TV is censored, people won't know what @CAPS1 does in a bad situation because they've never experienced or seen it before. If books, movies, magazines, music, etc. are taken off the shelves, then @LOCATION2 is not practicing @CAPS1, it is preaching to the many who come here seeking freedom.
Censorship should play a major role in the movement of books in and out of the library. That's why I think if a book, movie, magazine or CD is found to offend at least ten children, it should be removed from the shelf. Now, it's too much to ask a librarian to read through all the books to make sure there's no bad language or anything else parents might not want their kids to read. So the library should have a specific section, and if the librarian thinks there might be some bad language or references to drugs or alcohol, then that book should go into that section of the library. I found some books with some nice graphic material in them that I don't think small children should read, but there's nothing I can do but give it to the librarian. Movies will be the main thing they have to watch out for. Just because the movie has a less bad-looking title doesn't mean that there won't be any graphic images in the movie, or that there won't be any inappropriate language usage in the movie. Now, since movies are easier to censor and they also have ratings, this should make it easier to tell if the movie should be on library shelves. But there should definitely be a section in the library, and if they do want to allow certain movies that aren't suitable for kids, then those movies should be in that part of the library that has a door, so the kids know they can't get in that room. Music will be another thing you absolutely need to pay attention to, as each song may change the language on that CD. So I think librarians should sit down and listen to that CD in person before deciding to put it on a shelf for others to listen to. But I personally don't think the library should allow music, since every new CD album an artist makes can easily change his phrasing in a song. So you never know what the artist of the song will do with his music. An album can be really good without a single swear word, but the next album he or she makes might just be full of swear words. Another possible way to prevent children from hearing or reading inappropriate content is to have some books, magazines, CDs or movies categorized by age. As a child gets older, he gets tougher on certain things. Then, once he picks up that book and sees it mentioned in the book, it won't be that much of a shock to him or his parents. In today's circumstances, it's nearly impossible for a child to pick up something without reading about drugs or violence. So if you take everything off the shelf that mentions drugs or violence, there's nothing on the shelf for kids to listen to or read to. You can't capture every movie, book, magazine or CD related to violence or alcoholism. But you can take something off the shelf that has a lot of this stuff. By taking some material off the shelf that contains content that @MONTH1 doesn't seem to be kid-friendly, sure makes a big difference, and it might protect your kids from reading a book one day and seeing or hearing it Wouldn't read it onto a cd and hear the artist mention something about it. Game designers now start making all games around Violet. So if you take all the games with violent content off the shelves, there are no games left for kids to play. So there are things that contain violence that you can't keep your kids from seeing at a certain point in time. All games have ratings, so you should ask an adult to check the game rating before letting your child play the game. By doing this you will be able to have some control over what your kids will see and it will also make it better because then you won't take games off the shelf that other kids might enjoy , and make it no longer available. So I've talked a lot about who's in charge of games, books, movies, and CDs, how they should look at them, and maybe listen or look at them, just to see what they're like before they hit the shelves. You don't have to censor everything, but there are definitely some things that shouldn't be on the shelf for kids to see or listen to. If a child wants to play a game, parents should look at the game and the game's ratings to determine if the child is mature enough to handle what's happening in the game. But in general I personally think they shouldn't just pass and ban everything from the shelves, it should be up to the kids to decide if they can deal with that movie or what's included in the book
Do I think some books should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be objectionable? So what do you think? I think they should depend on the cause or the extent of the offended party. I feel like if a book or movie or music is saying or showing some form of insluts then it depends on who is offended. If you have a racist book against all races (eg black, asian, or mexican, etc)...other minorities @MONTH1 find these forms of insults and ask questions, then yes, take it down . If you are confrontational about it, then it can become violent. Also, if you don't, they might sue you for racism, or open up to everyone that you're a racist library, and you'll lose business. So avoid all the fighting, lawsuits, and other stigma against you and other minorities. If they bring up a situation, just take it off the shelf so you and them can stay safe too. Plus, they come here just for a chance to start a new life, usually they come from poor towns, hometowns. I myself, not a racist, I think we are equal, just unique individuals, we are all unique in our own way, and that's who we are today.
Many people have many different ideas and beliefs. Some @MONTH1 think a movie or song needs to be removed, but other @MONTH1 disagree, and no one wants something they love removed. If there's a book on your bookstore's shelf that you disagree with and think it should be removed, and you delete it, you're taking it from @MONTH1 who liked the book. If everyone took the things they didn't like out of their lives, there would be very little to enjoy. For example, I personally like horror movies. I love the thrill you get from horror movies and how they make you jump even though it's just a movie screen. I'm sure there are people in this world who think horror movies are wrong. I and many others would be very disappointed if these people were allowed to delete them forever. I also love video games. Video games are a huge part of my life, and I know there are people who strongly disagree with some of it. If people could take video games away because they didn't agree, I'd be crushed. I also know people at @MONTH1 who are just worried about their kids watching movies, listening to music or reading books that are not for them. I know parents want their children to be supervised, but removing books, movies and songs is not the right answer. Movies and books are easily censored. Many movies and songs have language filters, and some movie shows now have parental options that allow parents to decide which movies they want their kids to watch. Parents can also supervise kids as they download music to their iPods or phones, and @MONTH1 for books and magazines requires parental consent depending on where they buy it. Video games also require parental consent, depending on the game's rating. We can't just delete everything we don't like because it's not fair to @MONTH1 who liked it. We live in a world with many different ideas, ideas and beliefs and we all need equal rights to share them
In today's society, there are different views on many things. They can be religious, ethnic or raised differently. There are many types of books in libraries today. They can be associated with all different types of people. If a book discriminates against another, is it right? I think the library needs to stay as it is and keep things as they are for different reasons. First of all, no one is the same, and what is bad for another may be good for another. If someone just doesn't like the context of a book, movie or even music etc. They don't have to read, watch or listen. Because no one is the same, what one person might not like might be surprising to another. Second, it may be on purpose. @LOCATION2 is not always a place of equals. If there's a book talking about discrimination against other races, I think it's just showing history. If we don't have a history to look back on, we won't be able to see how @LOCATION1 is going. From slave nations to all free nations. I think it's important to leave material like this so that it can be viewed. The third reason is that a library should be composed of these different things, such as books, movies, music, etc. If we're going to take out all the repulsive libraries, it's not a place where you'll find what you're looking for. This can be a boring place. I don't see how a library can be called a library if it doesn't have diversity. You can find anything you're looking for in the library, whether it's about how to do your hair for the history of @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Taken together, these reasons constitute the reasons why libraries should remain as they are. One is because something that might be offensive to an individual might be different from someone else. Second, it would be far from history. Third, it wouldn't make the library what it is today. These are the reasons why it should be left alone
In our public library, we can find books related to slavery, drugs, gangs, prostitution and violence. These books have a history of our past. As a society, we cannot forget our past because, as many historians say, history repeats itself. If we start censoring our libraries, all this history will be forgotten and/or lost. Libraries can help us in many different ways. They help us with school projects, business projects, and libraries to gain a better understanding of who we are as a person. You can't censor a library just because someone finds a book objectionable. Stories of slavery are still offended among the people of @DATE1, but if we start taking stories about enslaved people and hide them, we'll slide back into that horrific past. There are gang stories of horrible people like @CAPS1 @CAPS2. He killed a lot of people, destroyed a lot of shops, and probably even sold a lot of drugs. We need history to show our weaknesses as a nation, not to hide because of that weakness, but to thrive on it to improve our cities, improve our police training, and most importantly, let down A generation of children is better raised. Not only books, but also our nation's films and documentaries and @CAPS3 in public libraries. Talking about @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM1 and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM2 movies. These types of movies can show how real and brutal the @CAPS4 is. During @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM2, 6 million Jews died because one person @PERSON2 didn't like them. People make movies like this to show @CAPS3 how destructive humanity is, but people have made movies about amazing discoveries and amazing places. For example @PERSON1. One of the greatest discoveries in @CAPS3. Music can also be a great way to make yourself better. If you play an instrument and need to play music, why not go to the library and find some? You don't have to worry about paying for the @MONEY1 cd, you can use it until you're done with it and come back. Then, as our technology advanced, people could burn a cd to a computer and put it on their ipod or @NUM4 player. Also, the library is a great place to find your favorite music. So, should our libraries be censored? No! No, the key reason is because it's history. The history of our country, the history of our @CAPS3, and the history of sadness and hard times. Instead of censoring our @DATE1 youth from history, we need to set age limits. Young people of a certain age cannot read certain books unless they are with a parent or guardian. It's an easy way to get our child from reading to maturity, but still get the history he/she needs, because as historians often say, history repeats itself, and as a growing nation, we need to Every possible way to improve yourself. The answer is through our history.
I don't think books that offend people should be on the shelf. Some books @MONTH1 that may be on the shelf hurt some people's feelings. But I also think people should be able to read what they want to read. Many people don't read books they think will offend them. There are many kinds of books, and not all of them are bad or offended. But books that aren't suitable for young children or teens shouldn't even be in the school library. In a public library, I think it should be fine to have books of all genres. And there are different books in different places. For example there is a young adalt section and aadalt and children section. I think screton books should be sold at bookstores, just like I think they shouldn't buy inappropriate books at children's bookstores. They should have different stores for certain books. Parents should monitor what their children are reading and engage with the book by helping them understand what it says. There are a lot of parents out there who don't really care what their kids read, and to me that's business, but my point is they shouldn't let their kids read what they want. Parents should accompany their children when they choose books. But if it's teens @DATE1 and up, I think they're old enough to choose what they want to read. When they get to that age, they are mature enough to read and understand things more easily
Hi, I'm Henry and I agree that if there are objectionable books in the school library or public library, they should be removed. I'm the type of person who thinks offensive books shouldn't be in the library because I see people upset or angry about reading a book that makes them angry. This includes magazines and movies, and even music. My own Henry has read several books that demean myself or make fun of black people, and I have black friends. If I could have it my way, I'd have all books like this outside of school libraries and public libraries. I say this because little kids don't need to read that stuff, and neither do we. It's like music these days, when you turn on the radio, people curse and make fun of other people of color. You also can't understand half the time it says there. They need to play music that you can understand, and there is no curse, and you can understand because some kids love listening to music. Magazines, I read a lot of them myself but all like cheetah magazines or quad magazines, they're all looking for tires or something like that. But yeah, bad magazines don't need to be read like a kid either. It also helps deter some crimes. I say this because people would look at magazines that had shootings at the time, and there were crimes in them. So people saw it, like I wanted to try this. So then they called the buddies there and said let's try this, and most of them were going to have trouble. So I thought it would help to throw away all the bad magazines that were made and things would change. Make something with cartoons and kiddie cartoons in it. You can even try making some healthy products to promote the health of people and teens. To me, things might change if we took all the naughty stuff out of books, magazines, music. Movie, it's a big movie, and almost all movies are bad. There are some good ones out there if you look. But I have no idea how we can change movies at all. That's my take on things. I hope it all makes sense to how I feel and how I see things.
Why censor someone's hard work? People invested money and countless hours to write this, but you want to review it. Honestly, there's no need to review anything in the library because some parts are for some people, so the whole conversation shouldn't be in the first place. People just like picking things they can't handle, like the word "nigger", which I don't like at all, but I can handle it, so I just shut my mouth and suck it. So I just feel criticized and all immature people just need to not read or go to the library, but that's just me. So don't act like a kid, authors want their stuff on the shelf, don't get banned, rant and rant in short stop being immature, if you don't like it, don't read it. Always think about what you are doing before you decide
I do believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found objectionable. I think objectionable books, movies, music, etc. should be removed from the shelves because it's basically encouraging younger kids to watch if they see something inappropriate. I don't want my brother or sister to watch, or see anything inappropriate. I remember one time when I was thirteen my mom and stepfather disagreed that I should put @PERSON1, @CAPS1 or @NUM1 on TV, they thought I was too young to watch anything on @CAPS2, they thought it was inappropriate. I don't agree with that, I think I should have the right to watch it because I love the shows and they're funny. In my opinion, everything on @CAPS2 is not that bad. When I watch music videos on @CAPS1, every song that plays is an edited version. I had to argue and justify why I should have @NUM2, @NUM1 on my @CAPS2. Parents have different views on whether their children are good or bad. As far as I'm concerned, my mom didn't want me to watch anything bad. She knew what she was like when she was young. She thought maybe I'd think what I saw on @CAPS2 wasn't a bad thing. I'm thinking, oh, I'm still young, and in the long run I'll end up learning from what's good and what's bad
Converting @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 Everyone reads a book at some point in their life. Authors cannot filter entire books to remove offensive language, racial remarks, defamation, etc. Offending someone @MONTH1 doesn't offend another. I strongly disagree that books should be removed if found offensive to a particular group, individual or community. Most books are categorized by maturity and genre. The reader should know where he/she fits in these categories, so they won't be offended. Maturity comes with understanding. Books are categorized by genre. In most cases, @CAPS2 comes from that type. The era in which the book takes place is also a key factor. The author must take this into account when @CAPS2. If the background of the book is @NUM1 AD, then the author doesn't want to use the current syntax. Before doing so, the reader should be prompted which books @MONTH1 has read. From reader to reader, using @CAPS1 on what we read is the real solution. Maturity comes with understanding. If the reader is mature enough to understand @CAPS2, then the book corresponds to that kid's age. This is why I strongly agree that books should not be taken down if found offensive to a person, group or community
Should we take off those offensive books? I don't think we should knock them out if they're aggressive. If we do remove the objectionable from the ego, the ego ceases to exist. If all of us could shed the books, movies, or music that were offensive to us, then we wouldn't have any more books, movies, or music. First, you won't have war books, movies, or music yourself. All hippies take the war stuff because they don't like war. They'll say it's bad for them to take them off. I think we should read books about war and witchcraft, because it's a good way to see where we're wrong. If we don't understand what's wrong with war, we'll lose, we won't understand how we fail, we'll go to war time and time again, we'll win some and lose a lot, because we won't understand how we fail . Second, all music, good and bad, will be removed from the ego. All mothers who want to be proactive will get them done. It has bad language and bad themes. How can they be ready for a fight if they let them down, if they don't have a song they love to listen to and don't cheer for the fight. In the end, they'd come up with all the books on Star Wars and Oblivion. Some people don't like them because they don't think it's going to come true, they take them out and say it offends their minds. Star Wars is a great book and movie, and Forgotten ralms is a great book production company. All of this is why I don't want this to happen. All the good music and books and movies are gone and people who like them get angry.
Everyone can think of things we don't like or want to see. If you were offended by that one thing, do you think you should have the right to take it away or ban it? Or what are the options if you like the place but others don't? Should they have the right to take it away because they don't agree? What if @NUM1 people come into the library with @NUM2 books, magazines, music and movies, and @NUM3 of them don't like any part of the library and want to get every book, magazine, music and movie out? Even @NUM4 people like what they see? Do you think it's fair that just because some people disapprove, they can choose? I don't think it's fair that only one person has the right to do this. If something is offensive to so many people, they should be mature enough to ignore what they see and find something they like. If someone doesn't like your house and says I don't want to see it, should they tear it down like nothing? The world will never end chaos if people have too much power to change things. It will only get worse. I've had issues with people who don't agree to throw it away or keep it. One solution might be to move it to different areas, if some people want to see the items they can view, otherwise divide the different parts of the room into all areas. If you read this and think about how many different options you have to get along without worrying about offending others, you will realize that no one should be able to take the thing you want to continue enjoying and be happy.
Yes I think if there is a derogatory term in the book like racial slurs etc that don't respect any human race it should be removed the bad stuff shouldn't because like the way I see it everyone will end up with it Understand it somehow, when you listen to a song with multiple songs you tend to start knowing the word d, if you repeat those words in front of your parents that's when they can aprent scroll and tell them that drugs and words don't good. Really though if kids pick up this book and are able to read what it says then I feel like they should know right and wrong and if someone uses bad language like @CAPS1 they'll know it's wrong , if they keep listening that's who they are.
If I'm about to read a newspaper in my childhood, I shouldn't read it, I should take it off the shelf. The reason I say this is that kids don't get ideas from a book that doesn't work for them. I'm thankful that's the reason for the mane, there are more girls who are affected at a young age. I appreciate that the girl pragnet will be less if we write it down in the notebook. I really appreciate if we take all the notebooks off the shelf and make it a law you have to be Seldon's age to read them. I would like to see a change in the way we look at scratch pads. I appreciate you should be @NUM1 for checking out notable books. Trying a wiyel would be a great option. I appreciate it works because it won't prove to be kids and they don't want to have kids in their teens. This is how I appreciate it should be done in a distant place. We wouldn't have such a small problem in the first place. What I'm thankful for is that I don't think it's hard to play at a young age. If we don't have to see what we shouldn't see.
Censorship is a growing problem in today's literary world. Censorship does not always allow the author to communicate his or her ideas as thoroughly as they originally intended. Katherine Paterson says that nothing is right if we speak out about what we think is wrong. Censorship leads to an ignorant, opinionless and ignorant society. In the novel "@CAPS1 @NUM1", censorship is one of the themes of the story. Bradbury described book burning as a way to put an end to all controversial views. @PERSON3 finds out that the burning of books has left the society he lives in ignorant of what's going on around it. The government is trying to rule out all the reasons for the controversy, hoping it will make society happier. In reality, the members of the world are not happy and keep showing readers that they don't know how to be happy. @PERSON3 decides he wants to learn, but he doesn't know how. The brain is a muscle that can become weak if not exercised properly. So when he tries to remember part of @CAPS2, he can't remember what he's been reading. Like trying to fill a sieve with sand, he doesn't know how to learn. The members of this fictional society are largely okay with what's going on in their world. What they hear on TV is assumed to be true, and that's what they do all day. At school, children are fed factually and are expected to agree to what they are told without involving any questioning. In normal society, learning leads to questioning. But for them, there is no learning, just acceptance. Acceptance leads to satisfaction, which ultimately leads to unhappiness. It turns out that society in "@CAPS1 @NUM1" is blind to everything that happens in many different ways. For them, death is not a big deal. @PERSON2 was hit by a speeding car and @PERSON4, wife of @CAPS4, wasn't even shocked to hear it. Another example was when @PERSON3 was running away from the police when a car full of boisterous teenagers tried to run over him just because they wanted to. At the end of the novel, @PERSON3 and his new friend walk along the railroad tracks and the city is blown to ashes by bombs dropped by fighter jets. The city had no idea this was going to happen, they had no idea about the war that was happening around them every day! An ignorant society is a useless society, and in the end it is destroyed. The power of censorship is in the hands of the audience. Censorship has become such a big problem in the world when people should be worried about so many other things. Reading about someone using drugs doesn't make kids want to do drugs, every teen does at least once. But instead of letting them even realize it's there, parents should do what they're contracted to do, teach your kids right and wrong, and hope you do well.
Do I think if books, movies, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves because they are objectionable? No, I don't think this stuff should be removed from the shelf just because someone thought or thought it was offensive. If we let everyone say this book is objectionable, or I don't think this movie should be on the shelf because I think it's objectionable, or this or that, then we have nothing to watch, lissin to go and even read. I understand that yes, people do have a right and believe in something, but that doesn't mean they have any say in what should stay or what should go. If we let people do this, no one will want to watch, read, play, or even have fun. Those of us use these things to keep us connected. Assuming we all know how little kids have their emginashon, they use it to keep them connected, just as we older adults use books, music, movies, etc. to keep us connected. Well, if we don't have these things, we're lost and don't know what to do with them. Think of our little ones, if we take the emanginashon away, they'll get lost and skydive because that's how they learn and grow. We people use it every day, not only to keep us connected, but to help us learn more about what we need to survive in our daily lives. In some ways, we're actually not that different from our kids. They use everything they find or see to keep them connected and enjoyed. If people really think about taking something off the shelf what they're really going to do, then they'll regret the stupidity of what they did because now they don't have anything to read, read, or even watch. I've experienced what it's like to take something like that off the shelf myself, and it wasn't really cool at all before that. Taking something slightly offensive off the shelf doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf. I think that if people take something off the shelf just because one person thinks it's offensive if it's wrong, it shouldn't be taken off the way other people like it. I mean first look at what this thing is saying and see if it offends you, maybe it's something people can learn. Jot something down before you even read it, and you yourself get caught up in your own part, because maybe other people like it, maybe you like it, who knows. I just think people should really think about it before they go off the shelf and don't let a lot of people give you a bad review instead of having one person open to it.
Offensive or @CAPS1? Who can really say that a book, movie, music or magazine is truly offensive. There are some obvious movies out there that make fun or mock someone's personal views as a religion or way of life outright, but is a book about the wizarding world really that offensive? Growing up, I had a very religious friend. Her parents would never let her read @PERSON1's @ORGANIZATION1 books. At the time I didn't understand why she couldn't read such a great book. Now that I'm older, I understand that her parents believed in "@CAPS2" and nothing more. Belief and imagination are what @CAPS1 does for their kids to read. For many families, the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 collection is nothing but a different world where they can escape from the real world. Should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended? I personally don't think they should. While my family loves books and movies, some families don't. That's their way of life and their point of view. Everyone has their own opinion, and if we took everything in this world that could offend someone, we would have nothing. The movie will be boring, the story @CAPS1 will be fun, and there will be no music. If our world was based on the opinions of others and made everyone happy, we would @CAPS1 own the music. Music is a way for people to release their souls. Different musical sounds are based on generations. My mother's generation was based on @CAPS3 @CAPS4' @CAPS5 and mine was @CAPS6, @CAPS7 & @CAPS8, @CAPS9. So what would happen if all objectionable material was taken off the shelves of public libraries, or @ORGANIZATION2. Shelves will be blank. Empty shelves look horrible. Everyone is offended by something. I'm offended by the rape scene in the movie, but some people think it makes the movie better in some cases. My friend's family is offended by @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1's fictional world, I believe somewhere in our world, there is another world, in fact a wizarding world. People believe in many different things and like many different things. I've never met someone exactly like me since @CAPS1 had one. I'm an individual like everyone else, and if something I like gets taken off the shelf because someone is offended, my life will be boring because I won't have what I like. In some cases something objectionable should be taken down but can I say it should be down because someone thinks it should be up @LOCATION1
As mentioned before, if everyone removed what they thought was objectionable, there would be no book for anyone to read. The library will have a very watered down material base and there is no reason to use the place anymore. Some materials are not suitable for elementary students, and a lot can be learned from advanced materials; therefore, libraries should only spread their books as much as they already do. Some materials do seem to be helpful to others, but they are necessary to advance scholarship. Some people should think schools shouldn't read @PERSON1 because of southern racism. This is real history, so this kind of book should have no limits. With these constraints, the school would lack a lot of the best literature in history. Like what movies do for the general population, @CAPS1 is for @NUM1 and above, and @NUM2 is for @NUM3 and above. These are good standards to prevent young people from seeing things they are not ready for. This concept should be used in the same way in these libraries that seem to be problematic. However, this is already done in the library. There's no reason to break these parts down any more than they're already broken down. There are youth ministries, adult ministries and youth ministries. These are the main categories most people want to separate due to nasty material like drugs, sex, and alcohol. Much of the media out there today has come under fire, benefiting many young people, but one thing the public needs to be aware of is that sheltering outsiders can hinder their studies
Do books and other things found in libraries offend someone? Why is it objectionable and how is it objectionable? What about books, movies, magazines, movies that offend some people? In my opinion, there are a few books I can think of that offend other people for specific reasons. Some of the reasons for @MONTH1 include: disparagement of the game, comments on the book, how and to whom the author wrote it. Others will find certain books, music, magazines and movies offensive because of the terms people use. Some people are offended just because they think it's directed at them, they think it's personal. Music can offend some people because of the language they use. They might look down on it because their kids @MONTH1 listen to it and kids these days say what they're here for from the music and try to be like whoever said it. Movies can be offensive because of language, violence, and the way people are treated. A good movie should be @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. It has violence, language, people are treated badly. But overall, this movie teaches you about wars and what they went through to get our country to where it is today. Magazines use words that may be offensive, such as slang, curse words, and violent words. These magazines may have nude photos of people, and most parents don't want their kids to get that kind of stuff. Overall, I think any of these things can offend some people, and it could be, but they shouldn't take it off the shelf because it offends some people. If you look at it a certain way, everything in the library might offend someone, and if the situation was to take everything that was offensive, they might have to take everything in the library. So, I don't think it's right for them to take something that offends some people. If it offends you, don't read it, don't listen to it, don't even watch it, no one is forcing you to do it, you do it yourself. So it's not right to take these things off the shelves just because some people don't like them.
censorship? What is it? Well, as far as I know, censorship is something that stops you from going to something you can't bring into a place that stops it. So the question is whether censorship is wrong or not, I think libraries should be able to censor something that people find objectionable. I think the number one reason people should be able to censor things is because little kids can peek at things they shouldn't, when it comes to magazines and movies. The next reason I think libraries should be able to censor is because people will find something objectionable just as objectionable as music, such as being able to hear vulgar language or seeing naughty things in a movie. The last reason I think it's fair for libraries to be able to censor things is because some people love to read, but can be a bad thing in reading, they find it offensive, and they can always find a way to get items out of the library. That's why I think they should be able to censor books, music, movies and magazines. My number one reason why I think it's fair for libraries to be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines is because small children can see things they shouldn't peek at. These things can be like pronouns, or they can be really scary things in magazines and movies. If these things are in the lab, they might be shown to other kids, which is not good. This could be a problem as parents can blame the library, saying staff are not doing a good job of looking after their children. Also I think they should be able to censor movies because little kids shouldn't watch horror movies at a very young age. It really hurts them and others if they study and see what's in these movies and magazines. Libraries can also censor music. I also think that libraries can censor music because in today's music it's objectionable that anyone can find something really bad. Small children may listen to vulgar lyrics in songs that they may repeat to others. This can be bad in many ways because in the first place they might not know what they're talking about, so if one day they say that to an adult, that adult might put the blame on the library owner. They should also be able to review movies again because naughty stuff can be shown in movies that should not be seen at certain age levels. That's why libraries have the right to censor music and movies. They also have the right to censor books. The books in their library are great, but there are certain books that shouldn't be in the library, certain books, like books about faith and other religions. And about quirky items. Some people will find books about religion and belief very offensive, as some @MONTH1 disagree about other religions. To minimize this problem, libraries can take the book out so people don't find it objectionable. Libraries should also censor certain books about death because it can really touch a person and they can make other people find it very offensive. So that's why I think libraries should be able to censor things. All in all, libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies and magazines because in some books they can have religious issues and death issues, movies because in some movies it can show pronouns and grotesques that people shouldn't watch stuff, they should be able to censor magazines and music because kids might see certain things in magazines that they shouldn't. They should be able to censor music because people may be offended if they have heard vulgar language. So in other words, I do think libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies and magazines
The library is suitable for children and adults of all ages. Because everyone has a different outlook on life, different beliefs, different feelings, @CAPS4 makes @CAPS4 difficult for libraries to please everyone. There are also different genres that people like to read. Some @MONTH1s enjoy romance and comedy, while others enjoy reading action books or mystery stories. Today, libraries have sections dedicated to different types of materials. They have children, novels, messages, and more. They also have different areas where you can find movies or magazines. However, if there are magazines, books or movies that can only be viewed by people of a certain age, libraries should place a warning sign in the area where these materials are located. On the back of the movie, there is a rating @CAPS1, this movie sucks. Why not grade the backs of books and magazines? So people can know what to expect if they read @CAPS4. @CAPS4 can also help them decide if they want to read @CAPS4. Ratings on the back of magazines and books will help determine the age appropriate for @CAPS4. Once, when I went to the library, there was a person in the checkout line in front of me. @CAPS3 is returning books that @CAPS3 just read, and checking out new books that @CAPS3 has picked. When @CAPS4 finally got his turn in line, @CAPS3 walked over to the counter and explained to the lovely old lady at the front desk what @CAPS3 wanted to do with his book. She just understands that @CAPS3 wants to check out and return one. When she checked on him, she was gossiping and asking, '@CAPS1 Did you like your book, @CAPS2? @CAPS3 answer '@CAPS4 is not what I expected. @CAPS4 is totally inappropriate. ' When they discussed more @CAPS4, found a lot of swearing throughout the book. This is an example of @CAPS1 where people don't know what to expect when they read a book. I don't think libraries should take things off their shelves that people complain about. They should simply do something to let people know what to expect when reading a book, magazine or movie. Some @MONTH1 don't mind reading a book with some curse words here and there, but others @MONTH1 find @CAPS4 outrageous. Libraries pay for these books for the community. Why take off the book if only a few people find @CAPS4 offensive? No one made those people read those books, it was their choice. Libraries need to figure out a way to convince people that they'll like what they're reading and won't be offended by @CAPS4
Should they or should they @CAPS1? what do you think? Music, books, movies and many others have been questioned about what exists there or what they say. Most bring up the fact that @CAPS1 should have heard or had to read it at such a young age, but kids have their own minds. Personally, I do @CAPS1 think they should be taken off the shelf or sold. What do other people think? Is it a bad idea to keep them learning and let kids understand it at such a young age, or will it help teach them @CAPS1 to be that way? I think one of the main reasons why it should be left as it is for kids to read. They have to learn from bad things at some point. It's best for kids to learn at an early age, just trying to hide things from them makes them want it more. Let's take music as an example, some music is nothing more than screaming and cursing. In real life though a lot of kids have to listen to parents out there fighting and yelling. So why can't they choose to tune in anytime? There's also a downside to putting them on a shelf. As a mother and as a teenager, I feel like I should be able to choose to do whatever I want, but at the same time, I would never let my daughter hear or read about some of the things I do. This brings me to my next point. If you really have a problem with something out there, why would you let your kids get it. As a teegager, I would go out and buy a lot of music that I shouldn't listen to, but even if my daughter was @NUM1, I wouldn't let her get it. I'm a parent after all, right? I have a full say in what my daughter can and cannot do. You do the same with your own children. If other parents don't have a say in what their kids get just because they don't care, that's @CAPS1 your problem. However, there should be age restrictions on some people's content with parental permission or @CAPS1. Books with sex scenes and murders should allow @CAPS1 into their @NUM2 year books. Sure, teens think they know everything, but they still shouldn't be allowed to read what adults do. Most @NUM1 year olds haven't heard of all drugs, sex or teenage sex. Get as much information about it as possible and let parents choose what books they should read to learn about this sort of thing. I think in every library with porn and a lot of swearing, there should be a specific place that only adults can reach. Video games have to have age restrictions on things, so why shouldn't books have the same exact content? The only reason they haven't done anything so far is because @CAPS1 parents care enough. This is your chance to stand up and show them that you want to make a difference, and you won't let your kids know anything without you. This leads me to my conclusion. Where are the parents outside? Why don't you step in and show people the right way to live? Have your nearest library age-restrict what young children can read. See if the books you have your son/daughter borrow are age appropriate or @CAPS1. Last but not least @CAPS1 try to convince your librarian to make book groups. Some are suitable for young children and some are suitable for seniors. Won't kill you for saying your opinion and trying to control this kind of thing, and @CAPS1 just got deleted. Why remove someone else's interest when you can put an age limit on it and @CAPS1 let your kids master it. Today is a big day! ! Talk about it! !
Some people think offensive books should be taken out of the ego, but others think it shouldn't be allowed. I don't believe in certain materials (books, movies and magazines. If we take every book from the ego, then we will have no books to read. If we start taking offensive books from the ego, then every Everyone who comes in will take the @NUM1 book and take it off of themselves. There will be no books after those two days. If we don't have books, it's bad for our eyes. We shouldn't take books from ourselves just because some people like to read Take it off. If people don't like the library books, don't go to the library to get them, that's why people shouldn't take crime books from themselves, it will make people's eyes bad and can't see good things at all.
Reading it is a joy for some and a pain for others. Should I think items in the library with offensive details should be cleaned up or taken off the shelf? Some things can be censored, and some things are not worth using if censored. But yes, I do believe there are items in the library that can be reviewed. I'm going to tell you why they should be censored and what should be censored. Types of items in the library that should not be cleaned up. A perfect example of these projects are historical documentaries or history books that have no other way of conveying the desired information to the reader or viewer. There are other types of library items in the library that can be reviewed. Just like some magazines and movies show uncensored scenes or pages, views don't need to be made even if there are views to pass through. I think a movie, book or magazine should only be uncensored if it is trying to express an opinion. If there are uncensored items that don't get attention, then they have no business in the library. As one can see, in some cases, uncensored books, movies or magazines can be very useful in getting information. In more cases, library items don't need uncensored detail because it's just objectionable. If you ask me if I think censorship is important in libraries, I have to say yes and no. I just gave you some reasons why I would say this. The next time you're looking for a book in the library, it's important to ask yourself a question.
Have you ever thought about going to the library to pick up a magazine from the shelf and you find it offensive and there's nothing you can do about it? Well, now you can say what you want, because when Kathryn Patterson and I went to the library, we picked magazines from the shelves, and there were a lot of objectionable things in them that we didn't like. We went to the lady at the front who even knew where the magazine was. She was really pissed that when she went back to the bookshelf, there were so many offensive magazines, pictures and even reviews. We threw out all the magazines. In my own opinion, I think such objectionable things like movies, music and magazines should be removed. They should be deleted because it has a bad effect on young people, it makes them leave a picture in their minds that they do later, or maybe say it to the public, or even say it at home. They should be removed because it's getting a lot of people into trouble and making them do what they see, it's a disservice to the kids, they've become more violent towards their school, their friends and even their moms out there. We have to remove all this objectionable stuff because we see it all over the place and it's easy to find in movies, like where you see naked girls in every movie. Parents have to do something about it because they are the ones who buy them and then leave it anywhere in the house where the kids can easily find it. We have to care more about what we read or what we read because you find it offensive and then your kids @MONTH1 read it and they think another thing. So the next time you buy or go somewhere and you find something objectionable, talk to your manager or super pilot about taking it down. This is why I think they should be removed
Parents should tell their children what they can read at a certain age. This is where my point starts and shows why this is the case. I'll talk about why I disagree with this statement. Also, please explain why I feel this way about the statement. I really think anyone should be able to read the kind of book they like. The library is where they pick up their books. So just because a parent doesn't want their child to read a certain book doesn't mean the book shouldn't be there. I think parents need to tell their kids why they don't want them to read. If the parents explain, the kids will understand why it's not good for them. This type of book is a favorite of older people, and it's a lot of fun. I think if people understand what the book is saying and don't bother them, then they're old enough. Also, younger children who shouldn't be reading these books should be accompanied by an adult or guardian, so they can stop the child from reading inappropriate content. Another thing that bothers many people is that they can't just because their parents don't like a book. It's a right to us that we shouldn't have to buy this book and read it once. If these books are so scary, why are people writing them? So if they haven't bothered people that badly, there's no reason why people don't like it now. People should be able to do what they love and not be deprived of. Here's my take on the statement. A lot of people @MONTH1 disagree, but I just want people to understand my point. Then everyone can help stop people from taking away from their community what makes them happy. Also, I want people to still have their rights and not have a few people take them away.
TV, news, drama, life and controversy. These are just some of what is written in the book. Some themes are considered vulgar and not suitable for younger audiences. Many people think that their children are entitled to all that books have to offer, but is that really a good thing? Books have long been an important tool for students. However, not all books are suitable for all readers. Stories about knights and princesses are great for young people, but other stories about the dark side of life are usually kept away from children. Books are censored for various reasons. Some of these reasons are insignificant and should not prevent a book from reaching its full potential. The truth is, there's a line that shouldn't be crossed, and some books cross that line and get banned. great. However, some books do not "cross the line" and are banned anyway. Honestly, you have to think carefully before deciding to ban a book or put it on hold. If a book is written by a recognized author with only mildly obscene content and it is banned, the author will not face serious pressure because the ban will be well known and consumers will still buy the book just for a chance to read . But if a relatively unknown author writes a carefully cobbled article with some vulgar citations from the author @MONTH1, and the book gets banned, then the author is in big trouble. This author no longer has the luxury of putting their books in the library so that their work @MONTH1 will be recognized. Banned books prevent authors around the world from making a name for themselves. Especially vulgar books should definitely be banned. No child should read a book that is aimed at pure adults. Children should be protected from such material, and Banned Books provides this service. If the child has a strong desire to read, they can simply ask the parent to buy it for them, assuming the parent agrees that dirty books should be available for the child to read. If a book can provide good discussion in a classroom setting, and is mostly "clean," it should certainly be available to everyone. Just because a book contains some inappropriate citation areas doesn't mean students shouldn't be able to read the book. If a book provides learning material that "exceeds" the negative impact of the book @MONTH1 on students, then the book should be available for students to read. However, it is difficult to make such a statement because one cannot effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects. Honestly, it's hard to say whether a little quibble in a book should be considered vulgar enough to ban a book. Many books shouldn't be available like others, but using the new system to find which books to restrict is too hard, and keeping current books makes more sense than any other alternative. At the end of the day, a system that best takes care of parents is the best.
I believe libraries shouldn't have censorship because if some people need to read a book about something and the library doesn't because they don't believe or like what the book says, it leaves the reader unaware of the actual what is above. The first reason to believe that the library shouldn't do any censorship is because a lot of students go there to study papers. So if the library doesn't have the books that students are looking for, the library is not serving its Maine purpose. The second reason is that if a librarian doesn't like a book, it doesn't mean he or she has to read it, books are for anyone and everyone. Then the third is that the library should have books so people can read them, so if the owner takes the book out and some people need that book and people can't get the information they need from that book, then the library Just collapsed its Maine purpose. The fourth reason is that a lot of people read to read something, just because he or she doesn't like what the book says, it doesn't give them the right to read the book. These are the three main reasons why I don't think libraries should be censored. The owner of the library should have every possible book and shouldn't decide not to put a book because he or she doesn't like what's on it.
I'm neutral on this issue because it doesn't matter to me whether they put new books, movies, music CDs or magazines on the shelf or take them away. Also, it doesn't matter to me whether I have to pay for something I borrow from the library. Also, it doesn't matter if I have to pay late fees for books I check out from the library. I also don't care about any noise going on in the library. It also doesn't matter to me what kind of books they have in the library. Also, it doesn't matter to me how the library is run. Also, I don't care if I have to be quiet in the library, it doesn't matter to me. I also don't care how long I'll be in the library. Likewise, it doesn't matter to me that I walk, drive, or bike to the library. Also, I don't care if the policy in the library is not the right way to run it. Also, if I get kicked out of a library, I'll go to another library. In the end, it doesn't matter to me if I get ten books or movies from the library, I don't care. Thomas
I don't think these books should be deleted because people know what they're reading and if they don't like the book, they'll leave. no plausible people will whant to delete any plausibility of any book because there are a lot of people who like different kinds of books and if they will cancel them there will be a lot of people crazy because those people mighit really like any book, book, hope Someone else read it. That book may have been at home for a long time, and they hope everyone in the family enjoys it. Removing a book is not good either, because if they remove a book, they have to get more books, and it will cost more money to get more books, which also wastes more paper. Another reason it's not a good idea is that if you replace the old book with another book, people may not like the new book, and where they have the book at will will lose money and work against them. So I don't think I'm going to take a good view of removing a book, bookstores lose a lot of money because they get rid of a good book and bring back a really bad book
Library censorship Library censorship is a big problem in today's society, and many people are angry with libraries and marketplaces because of what they display to the average consumer. If a consumer walks into a library and is looking for a book to read. What if they come across a book from earlier @DATE1? In that era, a lot of words that were "harmful" to our people today were used, but what most people don't understand is that these harmful words had different meanings in the history of the time. So when someone picks up a book and finds harmful or inappropriate words or phrases in it, they immediately have a wrong view of the book. Then, this small group of people who didn't like the literary work turned against the vast majority of people who really understood literature, the sense of the book, and the dialect. That's where I'm going to explain to this small group some details they should keep in mind when trying to rip and throw a book off the shelf. When someone goes into a store or library and starts looking for a book, they @MONTH1 come across a piece of literature they don't fully agree with. When the person sees this piece of literature, all they have to do is put it back on the shelf and move on. No one is forcing that person to read the book, so why the hype? Because most people pay a lot of attention to the use of some words in the book and don't know much about the dialect of the book, or when the book was written. If you don't fully understand the literature, then I asked these people without fanfare, nor did they try to revoke the author's right to put that piece of literature on the shelves. Authors have as many rights as we do. If they write literature. Poems, novels, and even short stories, these authors have the right to have it published and put on the shelves. So why don't we have the same rights? If we disagree with some literature in our society's schools, shops and homes. Then we could write a novel, newspaper article, or even make a website about your topic. You can do more web polls. This is a more indirect method of deleting a document. If you want to give the book or novel a better chance of getting off the shelf, you can use polls or get people to vote, take other people's opinions, and use those in your arguments. If you have multiple opinions on a topic, @MONTH1 is more likely to win your argument. This will reduce the focus and confusion on yourself and others around you. Another reason I don't think people should be able to choose what's on a library shelf. I don't think anyone anywhere should be able to go into a library and take a piece of literature off the shelf forever. Because, in today's society, we have researchers working all the time, and we have a lot of people working on different theories and laws. So if we pull an important book off the shelf, maybe a book on evolution written in @DATE2. We got rid of all these books, what happens when we really need this information? These scientists @MONTH1 need that article to test a theory, and if that article is taken down then we may be missing out on a ton of prime information that could help someone in the future. So the more information we take off the shelves, the less information there is to help us solve problems in the future. So, now that I've told you all my thoughts on the subject, I hope you have a better perspective on the review of libraries everywhere. Maybe one day all books and literature can stay on the shelf and be read endlessly by consumers
Spells, alcohol, drugs, pornographic images. These are things you don't want your child to use, see or do. They are in the world and nothing can stop it. People use drugs and drink every day, but just because someone sees you doing it doesn't mean they'll do it too. One should not be far from the real aspects of life. When they were protected as children, they didn't know what to do if they had the opportunity to take drugs or drink. They @MONTH1 don't even know if what to do is right or wrong. Children of a certain age should know what to expect in the real world when they grow up and start living. This won't happen to everyone, but they need to know these things. It is important for parents to let their children know what is right and what is wrong. As a teenager, they are vulnerable to all the bad things life can throw at them. Seeing these things in books, movies, magazines, etc. affects their lives in some way. It's their job to show them the right path. One thing that helps these parents is to limit what you can get. In movies, there are age restrictions that make it impossible for people of a certain age to watch, and people who meet those guidelines cannot access it. For other materials such as books, music, and magazines, people cannot be denied viewing or reading them. Parents just need to watch their kids and see what they do. Censorship is usually a bad thing, but in other situations it can be helpful. For those who are more vulnerable to these situations or seeing these things, it can greatly help some people and show them that this is not right. While people should stay open and be able to access this information, it's also important that others don't see it. This is still an open debate, but in the opinion of the opinion it should not be censored. Everyone has the right to get and see what they want
In libraries and bookstores around the world, books are written and published on topics ranging from strange or inappropriate, to serious or violent. These books are written in response to the emotions of the readers that inspire excitement and humor, fear and empathy in many others. However, although these books are made for a specific purpose, it is sometimes unclear whether the book is suitable for the eyes of young readers or even mature readers. These books seem unattractive and offensive. However, as a reader, while they may not appeal to you, how can this book be censored without unanimous disapproval? Censorship of these books is unjust because of the rights of free speech and the press, because all topics deserve to be written about, and most importantly because the target audience should write books that fit their interests, whether they approve of it or not. The number one reason they shouldn't censor fiction and literature is because writers deserve freedom of speech and the press. They speak out aloud and write about the topics they are most interested in. Despite their repeated use of highly provocative or inappropriate subject matter, they still have the competence and legal capacity to write their content. hope. Stopping them from writing their own opinionated stories is similar to the Nazi @LOCATION1 censorship of books. Millions of books were burned, and hundreds, if not thousands, of writers were executed for expressing views in their works that conflicted with government ideals. Although some books are not written for all ages, they are still worth reading. The next reason books shouldn't be censored is because new ideas cover topics that have never been discussed. Books and stories are designed to advance what has been written and what can be written. The variety of literature is what makes it so popular. For thousands of years, written texts have been a way of understanding and connecting cultures and people through written language. Even though the story @MONTH1 was written in a way that is not suitable for children, that doesn't mean it shouldn't be written or read. Its use should be simply monitored so that only those who can accept or understand its message can read it. In the end, censorship is unjust because without it, there is a better chance of discussing and trying to describe stories aimed at large groups of people. While the material found in @MONTH1's story is scary to parents, it @MONTH1 is the preferred form of literature for a diverse population. Limiting literary subjects that people like can be compared to limiting one's opinions. It is unreasonable to allow only one specific job category, only a few kinds of information, and only a select group of people. Diversity is what differentiates one person's perspective and makes them different from another. Therefore, censorship of literary works should not be enforced. Writing topics should be open to everyone because, whether they are offensive or not, they convey a purpose. Because writers have the right to express their views through the medium of writing, these rights should never be restricted. This is why censorship can never remove a piece of literature from any bookshelf.
So do you think every book you read, every movie you watch, all the music you listen to is objectionable. Who can say what is offensive to everyone? Who can tell you what you think is offensive or not? How can you be yourself if people make decisions for you about the books you read, the movies you watch, and the music you listen to? I'll tell you why I don't think certain materials, such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from the library itself because some people find them objectionable. Who can be the final decision maker about whether something offends everyone? Everyone has their own offensive meaning. Everyone thinks different things are bad for them. How can you say that something that offends one person also offends another? I think if a person thinks something is offensive to them, that's their own opinion, but maybe the next person who walks by and sees supposedly offensive material will like it. You shouldn't be able to make other decisions for them if they want to read a disgusting book, watch a disgusting movie, or listen to disgusting music they chose instead of someone else making them for them. If everyone took from themselves a book they thought was objectionable, then we would no longer have any books about ourselves. Some people find certain music, books and movies offensive, while others find them cool and funny, so what do you do? I've learned over the years that not everyone will agree with you on everything and you won't agree with them, but you both still have yours. You both can decide what you do and don't like. You can both choose what books to read, what movies to watch, and what music to listen to. So why should we let anyone stop us from being ourselves? You can never say anything that offends everyone because no one can be everyone. You can't speak for others because everyone has their own say. So do you find every book you read, every movie you watch, all the music you listen to offensive? Well, you @MONTH1 are not, but other people elsewhere are trying to remove it from the library because they have a negative opinion about it, but is that fair?
Picture your child or someone very close to you. He's only about @NUM1 and just starting to learn how to be an adult and take responsibility. He wants to try new things. He listens to his friends talk about drinking and how fun it is to drink. He thinks drinking sounds great. He didn't know what was wrong. Nobody told him. So he started drinking and later died of alcoholic beverages. Now, you don't want this to happen to someone very close to you. If people are afraid to talk about the bad things in life. Like sex, drugs, etc. Then they should make books and movies to show how bad these things are. Libraries should not have censorship. Some of you @MONTH1 said "for young people, they can't handle these things yet." @CAPS1 Your opinion You should consider maturity because they can learn from other people's mistakes and can educate people . How do you judge a person's maturity? There are many ways to tell. If you talk to someone about sex and they start laughing and joking, it's not very mature there. However, you can't assume that every @NUM2 year old is immature. Many @MONTH1 think this is a serious business. Others @MONTH1 are not, however, they are still able to see them in their own way. It's not a good idea to censor the library. Many topics in books, movies, music, magazines, etc. There is something inappropriate in @MONTH1. Such as sex, drugs, alcohol, bad language. Should all this stuff be out in the library and on the shelf? @CAPS1 A difficult question to answer. But what you can answer from this is that it allows people to learn from their mistakes. If there was a movie and a person, he was on drugs and later died. People might think the drug will kill you. But what about another thing? It's hard to show how bad it is to say an offensive thing to someone they swarmed on the radio. But when they are here that word or read something or watch. They can ask the question, we can say these things or do these things that might be offensive. Now, can you educate someone to listen, read, or watch something objectionable, etc.? Depends on the individual. However, you can educate someone on the subject. No matter how offensive the topic is. We should teach people about them. If we don't, it's bound to repeat itself. Say if we censor the Holocaust because of how horrific it was. No one will object to it, and we are likely to repeat the Holocaust. It's not a good idea to review certain things about the library. Ceratin people can handle talking about certain topics. Censoring offensive subjects isn't always a good thing. We need to teach people these things to educate them and also so that they can learn what has already been done instead of repeating it, and some people can process the material, they just need a high level of maturity. These are some reasons why libraries and elsewhere shouldn't be censoring
Offensive books do belong in the library, just in a completely different area, away from the kids. If we all choose a book in the library that we don't want, it's gone. So, since everyone has a different opinion on what is offensive and what is not, who says what can and cannot be in a library? As a kid, my grandma would take me to the library almost every @DATE1. I noticed she tried to stop me from getting certain books and was nice to others. My @CAPS1 did the same thing, but they had a different idea of what I could read. Grandma wants me to buy religious books, and @CAPS1 agrees, things like "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5" and "@PERSON1". Even at home, everyone's opinions are very different. For example, when it comes to music in my house; @CAPS1 likes country, @CAPS7 likes metal, my brother likes alternative, my uncle likes rock, and I like a combination of all of these. This is just to show that different people have different opinions; some are stricter than others. If we rely on people's opinions to keep our libraries inviolable, there's nothing left
If you take any of these books off the shelf, it's like taking away some of our childhood. It's not the best thing. Even if you do take some of these off, what are we going to show kids when they ask you what your favorite book was as a kid. We will have to tell them that the library is out of these books. Had to make room for other books. So if you're willing to understand, we must read all parents' favorite children's books. I mean, what would you think if you couldn't share it with your kids? I'm going to be upset because my parents told me I went out and got them from the library and I love them so please leave these books alone
What is a library? The library is where you go, with books, movies, music, magazines, and more. With these things one can do research or have fun. Should Libraries Have Censorship? In my opinion, libraries should have very @CAPS2 censorship. If someone complains that something in the library offends it and then takes it off the shelf, there's nothing left to use in the library. Many people like to go to the library to relax and enjoy a good quiet time, where they let their thoughts flow, imagine and dream. They don't worry about being offended by @CAPS1 @CAPS2 books. However, when used wisely, library censorship can be a good thing. For example, move adult books to sections that children won't read and have nightmares about the pictures they see in them. I would say that libraries have censorship, but the standards are low. If the library is heavily censored and everything is off the shelf, what's the point of going to the library, it's going to be an empty room. If someone is offended by something in the library, take appropriate action based on the severity of their offense. For example, if something inadvertently offends someone, leave it where it is, but if something intentionally offends someone because of race, ethnicity, or something similar, it's appropriate to take it off the shelf. Less scrutiny in the library would be nice, as there will be a ton of stuff for you to research and more topics to choose from to let your imagination soar. And you don't have to worry about being seriously offended
Library censorship removes something one person dislikes from the shelf, assuming that other people's opinions don't matter. It really has to depend on what the product is. For example a book, magazine, music album or movie. Usually in any store I walk into, there is a specific department for each product. Within these separate divisions, products are always classified. Not from what people like, but from genus or age differences. If a person were to leave one department in that department and go to another, their taste in the product would be so different that it was impossible to like. Local libraries in individual communities will have many books to read and choose from. There are also baby books, a section for kids, a section for teens and adults. The teen part is for me! While I was in the kids section a while back, those books should now be deleted because I'm not useful to them or interested in buying another. However, it's just me. However, the generation below me soon fell in love with them. Just because one person doesn't like something, doesn't mean it should be thrown at someone else. Music is a different story. Some people like country, some people like alternative. In the library, they have albums of all types of music for people to listen to before renting out. When I listen to an album to see if I like it and find out I don't, I just put it back on the shelf and try another one. Librarians are not going to throw it away for my opinion because to others it will be the sweetest music in their ears. In my opinion, anyone can watch any type of movie. However, not all parents allow their 12-year-olds to watch movies rated @CAPS1. For them, there are only @NUM1 movies. That's how I grew up. Now that I can watch whatever my heart desires, I notice that movies are based on maturity. In the library, some movies are not allowed to be rented by young people. But that doesn't mean they should be abandoned. When they grow up, they may really like them. In general, a person's opinion is the most important to them. Other opinions don't matter. Products in the library are for anyone to view, not anyone to judge. If absolutely everyone is judging a product, there's nothing left
I don't think it's fair to ban any kind of material from the library. It is wrong to withhold information from your child. In any case, any information they may read or hear is something they will find out sooner or later. Wouldn't you rather your child find out by reading it in a book or magazine or hearing it in a movie or CD? They can then ask their parents whatever they @MONTH1 has read and heard, rather than hearing it from the teens in the hall or talking to friends about it and being misled and giving misinformation. If your child was going to read about sex or an affair in a magazine, wouldn't you want to know? Do you want them to ask you questions about it so they know the difference between right and wrong. Wouldn't it be easier to know that your kids are educated about certain things so they know when something is wrong and they don't get confused or worry about little things? Anything they @MONTH1 read in a magazine or see in a movie is something they can easily look up on the internet. There are more graphic photos on the internet, and some websites provide false information about the subject. Your child's curiosity may lead them to inappropriate websites. When I was a kid, I was curious about my parents protecting me from certain things. I found out what type of things they were trying to hide from me and I was just in @NUM1 grade high school kids on my school bus told me all about sex, showed me pictures and told me things I'd rather hear in class or read. I don't feel like I can talk about these things with my parents. I mean, what would you do if your sophomore came home from school and started talking to you about all kinds of things they heard on the bus. What if high school kids kept lying to me, I would feel stupid because my parents didn't understand what I was talking about. What I'm saying is to understand that some things should never be read, seen or heard by children. It's not fair to them that they don't have the opportunity to understand it and ask questions themselves. Also, is it not your fault if they get something that is not age-appropriate for them because they are not properly supervised? Ask questions if you feel they are reading, listening, or watching as you see fit. When they ask you a question, explain it to them. Don't beat around the bush. Make sure they know the difference between good and bad, right and wrong. It's not fair to take these things away from them when they don't even know why they're not allowed to see them
No, because all people like to read different books. Some of the books that people want to take off the shelf are considered part of history. Books can help people improve their reading skills and also help them discover new things. When I was in middle school, I always enjoyed reading books by @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. When I asked the librarians if they had their books, they said no. They believe that children in middle school should not read books with profanity and viciousness. I don't think it matters what children read, because you can't let a child read things that he's not interested in, because everyone is different and everyone likes different types of books. There are various books such as mystery books, fiction books, non-fiction books, history books, etc. Books you use in class are considered books, but not books you read every day. I think parents should take their children to the public library to borrow books. When I was in elementary and middle school, we had to take reading tests on computers. In seventh and eighth grade, we had to sit in our room and read a book. book and read it for part hours. We also had a challenge in the middle school to see which schools read the most. That's part of the grades in our English class. This has never been a problem for me as I love to read. Now some book libraries should be taken off the shelves. For example, any book that involves nudity or a lot of violence. Now, this only applies to children under 13. There are not so many books for young children to read these days. There are more books for adults than books for children. What I'm saying is, watch what your kids read. Don't stop them from reading because it will affect them later in life. If they don't like reading, convince them to try it. I also think more kids would read if they saw their relatives read too. Remember, no matter what you decide to read, reading is a good thing for children and adults of all ages.
In this persuasive article, I'll write about why or why objectionable material should not be banned from library shelves, and there are a few reasons why I can do just that. I don't think we should take anything from library shelves. Why should we not remove any material from the library, my first major point is that some material may feel objectionable while others are not, and is subject to those who do want it removed influence of people. I think some of the movies and books off the shelves should be some material that kids should experience, and @MONTH1 will help them in the future. My second major point is that if we really took all the objectionable material off the shelves, there would only be movies and books like Bambi and Scooby-doo, because the library's All material is objectionable to people in some way. .I haven't found a movie or book in any library that I find offensive. Also, if we did, we might not even have a library because there are only about NUM1 movies and books in the whole building, because one can find all the objectionable material on cds, books, and movies. People probably hear swear words every day, whether at school or at home. So all the words and deeds in the movie are not as bad as people say in real life. I just think that every movie and book is just a movie and a book. Horror movies aren't real, and so are some books. There's sex and other inappropriate stuff in movies, but that's why you have to be a certain age to watch movies. To sum up what I said in the last few paragraphs, I don't think we should take anything from library shelves because it hurts others and it's not necessary
When I walk into the library looking for books, I'm happy to do so without seeing inappropriate books, movies, or magazines. When I saw this, I thought, '@CAPS1 What if a kid sees this? I want a library for my kids to visit without worrying about what they can see. There are many things that libraries can do to solve this problem. First, libraries can review their own @CAPS1 releases. By placing the adult library area at the checkout, library staff can easily find any small children wandering around the area. If that soul doesn't work, then try to rate the parts like we rate movies. Put @CAPS2 books and movies together, @CAPS2- @DATE1 books and movies, @CAPS4- @CAPS5 books and movies, etc. Once, when I took my little brother to the library, he decided to bring me an adult book with a naked woman on the cover and asked him if he could take a look. I was shocked and embarrassed. I don't think that sort of thing happens in public libraries, but it does. I believe everyone should be able to choose their favorite book or movie. So I don't want to remove any inappropriate books or movies, but rather place them better so kids don't see that kind of stuff.
Should Libraries Censor the Books on Their Shelves? I think it should be. There are many offensive books and Tang poems on the shelves. I don't want my kids or anyone else's kids to read offensive books. So let's get rid of all the bad stuff, or at least filter it out. I believe that any books, movies and magazines that contain a lot of profanity or bad images should be removed, or not be removed to a certain age. If they want to put the book on the shelf, they should put the book where you have to go to high school and have a permit to get the book. Desirably removing books and thangs at @MONTH1 would cause a lot of trouble, so we should explicitly make sure the child is of a certain age and has a permsion. I don't want my @NUM1 year old to read a book with bad language. Kids listen to this stuff and they start talking like that, which is not a good thing. There are many things happening in today's society that seriously affect children. They don't need to read about how men rob and commit crimes. I think that's why we have so many possibilities today because everyone sees it when they're young and they wish they were old, but it's a really bad thing. They don't need books and movies that make them worse and make them think bad things are good things. If we don't filter what they did when they were young they would end up being hell and out of the country because they would think they could do it just because someone in a book or movie did it but the truth it's not true. I wouldn't let a young child read bad stuff. I say let's put a ge limit on them, make our society better, and make kids better adults later in life. We need to filter out the bad stuff and add something new for our young kids. If we don't stop kids from learning bad things, who knows how they grow up, the world could go to hell. So let's filter and save the world and the future of our children.
@CAPS1's idea I think it should be possible to get objectionable literature from the library. If a piece of @CAPS1 is particularly objectionable; the piece should not be shown. In my own experience, controversies are the reason books are eliminated from libraries. All my experiences, observations and readings have taught me one thing. That one thing is, the snippet of @CAPS1 was taken away for being offensive. Based on my experience with controversial books, I noticed that I didn't like the book. I believe this is why people dislike certain books in the library. From someone who doesn't particularly like to read. I feel as though reading something that offends me puts me in a state of not wanting to read anymore. All my experiences seem to point towards not reading books that cause pain or controversy. In everything I observed, I found something similar to my experience. I have seen some people, especially classmates, who don't want to read because they feel the novel offends them. Although my observation @MONTH1 seems to be one-sided. I did observe a decrease in reading due to controversy, not an increase due to controversy. All my observations seem to point to support for the revocation of "banned books". I've noticed that the most prominent part of this thread I've read is definitely @CAPS2 @NUM1. In saying that the fiction society has outlawed all books. The story seems to be very beneficial for those wishing to read the controversial novel, although we can gain something from reading the book. Reading this novel can be interpreted as supporting my thesis that people live happily ever after without controversial books. Of course, not everyone does this, but it's because of certain variables. From stories like The Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf, we can understand how bad the concept of controversy is. For example, I was ashamed when I first heard the news. I'm no longer interested in hearing it because I don't think the story is politically correct. Fragments of @CAPS1 were taken away for their objectionable properties. If someone has no interest in reading because of the ideas in the text; the book must be stripped from the public. Because it only makes sense to try to keep the peace. On the one hand I support the cause of removing books from public spaces due to controversy.
People today seem to always try to find something objectionable. The problem with @ORGANIZATION1 is that it always feels like it needs to appease these people. The truth is, when you have as many people as a country, there are many different ideas, ideas, likes and dislikes. Libraries are places of knowledge. They keep many different books, magazines and movies there, making the library accessible to people of all tastes. Most people, with books, know very early on what types of books, which authors, and how long they like books. So books are usually hard to offend people because most people can usually tell right away whether they like the book or not. Magazines are like books on the outside. People know what they want. For magazines, though, people usually just turn the pages and browse the articles. They will keep going through the magazine until they find the perfect article they want to read. Usually after that, they finish the magazine. Music has been around for almost as long as humans have existed. Music can soothe the human body. Music is one of those things that keeps changing over time. Before instruments, music was just pure sound, but over the centuries, music has become more advanced. Now, it would be nice if there was just one kind of music that everyone likes, but no. There are so many kinds of music, it is hard to find a person in this world who likes every kind of music. Some people hate change. Likewise, they don't like changing the type of music they like. But if people change over time, there are really only a few kinds of music. But since there are so many types of music, there will always be people in the world who think that song shouldn't be played. Just over the last century, cinema has been improving. The movie used to be simple, the plot was simple, and everyone loved it. But there are so many people who like to see technology advance, and they want movies to change. Movies today are all about special effects, love, sex, alcohol, parties, fights, and the list goes on. Directors try to make the best movie possible, so it's almost as if they're trying to put enough of one thing to keep the audience in the movie. But if they go too far on a subject, it's when at least one person has a red flag in their head and thinks it's offensive. Movies should be entertaining, not something people should be offended by. The movie is good though. They created a rating system to try and give viewers a fair warning about what to suspect in the movie. No matter what it is, books, magazines, music or movies, there will always be people who don't like it or are just offended by it. There is nothing to do, which is not a bad thing. It just means that everyone in this world is different. So I guess we can all come to the conclusion that one person doesn't like something, doesn't mean the next person will
Should books etc. be taken off the shelves if they are found offensive? Personally I don't think they should. If @CAPS3 is a ranged attack on children in the book, then it should go under the adults-only section. Most libraries I've been to have different sections for each age group. If @CAPS3 is a racially inescapable book, it should be placed in the adult section, not anywhere for the children. When a book is questioned whether it is offensive, they should look back at all the possibilities @MONTH1 how someone understood the story and see how they reacted to it. @CAPS3 is a genre of books, music, magazines and more, so @CAPS3 will always be where books can go. Most questions about a book are the language in it. For example, in @CAPS1, we just finished the book "@CAPS2 by @ORGANIZATION1". @CAPS3 Whether this book should be read in school is a big question because of the "n-word". It's a very harsh word, but it fits with the context and context of the story. When someone isn't sure if a book is acceptable, they should consider the content of the story and whether the word is needed. In many cases, the uniqueness of @MONTH1 happens with the story. If a book is questioned, shouldn't all books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be questioned? If an item is not allowed for one item, it should not be allowed for other items. It all depends on whether the reader of the book is suitable for the person reading the book. I've read a lot of books and some of the words don't bother me, but others who aren't used to it @MONTH1 don't. Some parents don't want their children to hear vulgar language or inappropriate things from the type of music they listen to. It all depends on who reads the book or magazine and who listens to the music. Katherine Paterson makes a good point that if we start taking books off the shelf, eventually @CAPS3 won't be any book on the shelf anymore. Just because something has a bad word or phrase in it doesn't mean it needs to be kept away from people's enjoyment!
If you're the child of a caring parent, then you hear them say, 'No, you can't play that game, you can't listen to that music, or you can't watch that movie. @CAPS1 You ask why you're not allowed, and the same answer always gives, "You're not old enough." If you had the courage to ask why again, they'd probably say, '@CAPS2 If I wanted you to know, then I'll let you find out for yourself! ? Now I want you to think about the things you weren't allowed to do, and now that you're old enough, you can do those things. How would that change things if those movies, @CAPS3 or games were pulled off the shelves before you had a chance to get them? What would you and your friends do if you didn't watch "@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8" that night because some parent or other took it off the market because they found it offensive? I also want you to think about the kids you @MONTH1 own or @MONTH1 plan to have, do you want your kids to suffer from things like "@DATE1 The @NUM1" or "@CAPS9 and @CAPS10" @NUM2 years old? The most likely answer is "no," but what if they were simply removed from existence because they were deemed offensive? Then they will never see them, and for some people @MONTH1 is right, for those who think I have some news for you, this kind of movie is still being made today. '@DATE1 The @NUM1' has been remade and more visual than before, and there are countless other titles I could throw @CAPS6 You now have some form of sexual themes, drugs or foul language. They are still around and are becoming more and more popular in movies. @CAPS11 There will be some sort of sexual innuendo, cigarettes, or bad words in the movie. You might be able to get rid of some, but probably never get rid of all the shelves. But assuming you do, in fact, you'll be able to drop any title that contains those topics. What else is worth paying attention to? If these films no longer exist, what must your kids be able to watch, @CAPS12, @CAPS13, and @CAPS14-@CAPS15? Not only that, what movies would you watch, if all the offensive movies were removed, you would have nothing. Everything you might like and/or think is funny in a movie but don't want your kids to see it goes away. My answer to you is don't throw away everything @MONTH1 is objectionable or you probably don't want your kids to see. Don't take such drastic measures to protect your kids from them and just not allow them to watch those movies or listen to that music. I'm sure this is what your parents did to you, I know this is what I did to me, guess what? It has worked so far, so why should we change it?
I don't think anything borrowed from a library should be censored. Some people who go to the library are not looking for material with offensive language and/or themes. On the other hand, some people who go to the library find it better to say offensive language when it should be than to censor it. Take a book about @PERSON1 as an example. It might contain something that people might find offensive. But if someone's going to write a report on @PERSON1, it's best to know as much about him as possible. I'll make a compromise: if music is checked out with offensive language, they should provide a clean and unambiguous version of the album. Censorship can be good in some ways and bad in others. Some people find bad language and subject matter offensive, while others think it gives freedom to the artist or author. I think it's better not to censor things in good and bad form than not to censor things
A child walks into the library in the city. He looked around and found a movie recommended by a friend of his. He checked it out and went home to watch a movie. Later, his parents came home to see their son behaving abnormally. He started making rude comments, violence and profanity. Who is to blame? Friends recommending the movie, or does the library put the movie on the shelves and let the kids watch it? Today, many libraries have a wide selection of books, movies, music, and magazines. Some libraries even have computers for kids, teens, and adults for things like business, personal mail on websites, or games for kids to play. But do all libraries meet their requirements? Some people find many books, movies, music, magazines, and even websites threatening. Movies in the library are rated @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @NUM1, @CAPS3, or @CAPS4. Their @MONTH1 music also has explicit lyrics on @CAPS5. Some libraries @MONTH1 don't meet their requirements, which is why libraries don't have as much business as others. In my opinion, I think that if libraries have objectionable material, such as books, music, movies, magazines and websites, they should be taken off the shelves. Librarians could get fired if they let young kids view explicit music and @CAPS4 movies. From my own experience, I haven't had a problem with the libraries and materials they have to choose. I haven't visited a library with explicit music to choose from, all bad websites are blocked on my computer, all magazines are suitable for all ages. In conclusion, libraries should not only respect people, but also the materials they have. They need to respect the books, movies, music, and magazines they offer kids, teens, and parents. Every library needs a review, and I think all the libraries around meet their requirements.
Library review is not always required. Parents should take books away from their children. It's not the library's job to tell people what to do. However, it is required in some cases. It is the parent's job to tell children what to do. They are in charge of the child. They are the ones who should tell them right and wrong. They are the people who raise the children, not the library. Otherwise, their parents are doing the work for them. Libraries have the right to get any books they want, as long as they don't have anything bad. If they publish books, movies and magazines for adults, I do get it, but if there's a little word in it, people have to get over it. Isn't that why people want classic books, like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2's @CAPS3" and "@ORGANIZATION1's @CAPS4", changed? Because black people find it offensive? This is not strict. People try to rewrite history; whitewash the truth. Well, books are like the real world. People don't always treat you well. They may drop at times. The whole world is destroyed. In great literature, a small bad word shouldn't be a problem. If people like to scold you in books, they will scold you, and language is limited to one or two bad words. They shouldn't try to change a great book because a few people find it objectionable. Libraries should not be the ones who tell us what we can and cannot read. Libraries should not censor their books.
The seven books that make up @PERSON1's "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" series are regularly reviewed in school libraries across the country. The main reason behind this is that since these books portray witchcraft in a positive light, they must be hurting our innocent children. Many books, from @PERSON2's "@CAPS3 in @CAPS4" to "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" series, have been banned by school libraries because their content was deemed inappropriate by a group of people who failed to understand the larger meaning of these works are taken into account. Works intended for public access should not be removed from library shelves if they are deemed offensive. Under @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS7, every citizen has freedom of speech, press and religion. By censoring what authors say, their rights are taken away. The author has the right to say what he or she thinks needs to be said, and that right should not be barred by a parent or board of directors. By banning books like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" or "@CAPS3 in @CAPS4"; the larger significance of these works is ignored. Many conservative @CAPS12 groups advocate for banning "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" in schools because it depicts witchcraft (hence Satanism) and @PERSON3 states that @PERSON4 (@CAPS15 in the series) is gay. However, the ultimate message of the series is that love triumphs over evil. Clearly, this is not a message worth imparting to the young people of @LOCATION1. However, even if every school in the country removed "@CAPS1 @CAPS2"; that wouldn't and shouldn't prevent children from reading these books. Ever since "@CAPS3 in @CAPS4" started being part of many school curricula in @DATE1, it has been at the top of the list of most reviewed books due to its foul language and chapters involving prostitutes. That didn't stop millions of teenagers from reading the novel, which is considered a rite of passage for most young adults. Being one of the most challenged books of the past 50 years seems to only increase its appeal and popularity among the people these review boards are trying to "protect". However, if a parent does not want his or her child to read such a novel; it should be left to the parent to review what his or her child is reading. But just because a parent doesn't want their child to read "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" doesn't mean every child should be deprived of the opportunity to read it. Censorship should be a private issue, not a public domain issue. Libraries should not censor books and other works. In doing so; the author's freedom of speech is violated and the larger meaning of the work is ignored. While some groups in @MONTH1 advocate protecting @LOCATION1 kids from these offensive works; kids will still find ways to approach them
I believe the library review points are good because they have many reasons. The main reason I believe library censorship is good is that almost everything in the library is meant to keep people informed about the weather, they read it or watch a movie about it. Another reason is that if they take everything that is offensive or unwelcome, people will know a lot less in the library. I agree with Katherine Paterson's quote because it means that if we take every book that someone finds offensive, there are no books. Everyone has something that offends them differently, and it's impossible to remove everything that offends someone from the library. For example, if someone wants to learn about historic wars in the past, but if someone is offended by the war by losing family or friends, should that article be taken away? A library is a place where people can go and learn something. They have a lot of information on many different topics that people go to know about, even if it's offensive to some people @MONTH1. If someone doesn't like something or find it objectionable, then they should put it on the shelf and move on, because others may learn something important from it. There are things in life that people need to open up to know or understand, even if they @MONTH1 aren't always happy. Libraries are where people learn about these things, and if those things are removed, where are people going to learn about them. All in all, yes, there are some things in the library that @MONTH1 finds offensive, but others @MONTH1 have learned from it and it's not fair to take this information from others. A library is a place to learn different things and there should always be information on different subjects and subjects. Many people learn from libraries that affect their lives, and as long as they remain open to a wide range of sources of information, they will continue to learn more.
Library Review I believe libraries should have reviews. In @DATE1's society, there are a lot of kids who get hurt and get caught up in bad things. There are things that kids shouldn't see. Libraries should use censorship to steer kids in the right direction and reduce stress for parents that some offensive movies are actually offensive. Library censorship can steer kids in the right direction. Chances are, if a child sees his role model smoking in front of a movie box, that child may be curious about smoking. This has happened to me before. I once saw this kid who I liked to drink and I almost started drinking myself, but because I had the right peers, I didn't. The point is, when kids see someone they admire doing something, it can make a big difference. If that movie case was sensed, that kid wouldn't even consider smoking because of his example. Every parent worries that their child will break the law, right? Actors in some of the movies that kids can buy at the library do illegal things in it. A kid would see this and they might think it's cool and go out and do the same thing. I've seen a lot of movies that make me want to go out and do what they do in the movies. What if the thing they saw in the movie was murder? It might be crazy to think a kid is going to go out and murder someone just because they see people doing it in a movie, but it can happen. A few years ago, I remember reading an article in the newspaper about a kid who shot his father in the head. The kid was only six years old, but he thought it was safe to play with guns because he saw them do it in the movie. Censorship can relieve some parents of stress. Parents always emphasize where their kids are, what they're doing, who they're with, etc. If the library censors some of the music and movies the kids watch, his parents don't have to worry too much about him cheating and doing bad things because he sees his peers doing it. This gives parents confidence and confidence in their children's lives. In the end, offensive movies are actually offensive, whether to the children themselves, the parents, or the audience the movie is aimed at. Censoring offensive movies can alleviate a lot of hate in a child's life. I'm speaking from experience. In movies, we always see bright kids being bullied and athletes seem to get all the attention. Well, I'm kind of considered that smart kid. I think because my peers have seen some movies, they feel they can pick me up. This created hatred in their hearts, all because censorship was not used. In conclusion, it is clear to me that libraries should use censorship. Libraries should use censorship to steer kids in the right direction and reduce stress for parents that some offensive movies are actually offensive. With review, all of these things can be done. This not only helps children, but also parents. In my experience, censorship is a good thing.
People from all over the world have many different opinions. If someone doesn't like something, they can really choose not to watch it. So I believe that when you find something in the library that works against you, you shouldn't be able to remove it. One of the main reasons I feel offensive should not be taken out of the library is that not every @MONTH1 finds books, movies, magazines or music offensive. People have their own opinions on everything, and if someone pulls a book or anything out of the library because they don't feel good, the other person misses out on something they love to read. Another reason I don't think bad stuff should be taken out of the library is that some people might get mad at another for taking all the nasty stuff out of the library. Many people enjoy offensive content in books, movies, etc. I think from my own point of view, I like to have a bad time in my life, if reading, watching movies, listening to music or even reading magazines is something I want to go to the library and pick out, don't worry about whether it exist. In my own opinion, I believe that without offensive remarks or words, there would be no sense of humor in today's books and stuff. Just because offensive things seem rude and inappropriate doesn't mean they are. It's just to make a book or anything fun and interesting. While some of the geeky stuff in the library seems so out of place, I'm sure if they're there it's obviously not too bad, they shouldn't be taken out because one feels like it doesn't belong in the library . Everyone has their own opinions in life, and sometimes it's best to keep them to yourself.
There are many books and movies that are considered inappropriate for younger audiences. By tagging movies with ratings, and books with specific age groups, it helps categorize them. In our public library, all books and movies are in one place for everyone to consult. Discussions are ongoing on whether these should be made available to everyone. If a child were to borrow a book and it happened to be rated @CAPS1, then the parent would likely be dissatisfied with the library granting the child the right to view a movie rated @CAPS1. There is also a situation where a parent will let their child watch a specific movie with an @CAPS1 rating. Libraries get harassed for not letting kids check. Also, should public libraries make inappropriate movies/books available to certain age groups? The logical answer is no, they shouldn't. If kids can't see @CAPS1 rated movies in theaters, why can they watch them for free at the library? Public libraries should invest in a way to prevent underage children from viewing inappropriate material. Just writing their age on their library card will clear up a lot of misunderstandings. Our public libraries should take this into their own hands by changing censorship. This will give them a better name and give our children a safe place to access the material.
Wouldn't it be nice to walk into a library and be able to find any possible book? I believe it would be very useful and helpful for many libraries to allow various reviews of books. In my opinion, getting information on different topics is beneficial for students, parents or teachers. There are also many students who need to write a paper on a topic that they @MONTH1 are unfamiliar with, and allowing all types of books can help anyone on any topic. A library is a place where anyone can go to find information about something, find interesting reading or just relax. If you're looking for information on a topic you don't know anything about, it's best to find a book on that topic. This will help students and anyone else trying to find some additional information on a topic that they may not know. If a person doesn't want to have a certain type of book in the library, then I think that person should try to ignore those books. I think it's because I don't think a book that's good for others should be taken out, just because it offends those who can ignore it. Maybe these books are about drugs, sex, or violence, but they can still teach many people who don't understand inappropriate or offensive topics. All in all, it's a mistake to throw away books and review libraries. This is a mistake because it deprives many people of wanting to know about different topics. It keeps those who need to study subjects like school or even work away
No, because if that's the case, every book you read is likely to offend someone. If they think the book is bad, then don't read it. First, a book should not be banned from the library. It's just a book. Second, the only reason they want to bundle a book is because people like to start dramas. Third reason, everyone can offend someone. First, they shouldn't bundle a book just because people don't like it. If your kids read an adult book that is good for them because they read those big prints. If they just happen to see a nude photo, it's not the end of the world. I bet it's not the first and it won't be the last. Second, some people will try to put together a book just to start the drama. They knew it would lead to a lot of crazy things for the author. In the end, if they classified books as offense, they wouldn't have a library. Because anyone saying something is offensive. All in all, they shouldn't bundle a book.
Some of @MONTH1's material offends some people on library shelves. I have seen some of the material with my own eyes. But should libraries take them off shelves because of this? This is where the problem lies. Some might find it offensive, others @MONTH1 don't. It all depends on the person. Libraries cannot please everyone. In my opinion, libraries shouldn't take these materials off their shelves, because the material they take off might be material that other people like. Just because you don't take material off the shelves doesn't mean there are no other solutions for those who think the material should be taken off the shelf. Some solutions to this problem might be to separate these "offensive materials" on higher shelves or in the room so that children or people who don't like the idea don't have to see these specific materials. find it objectionable" and "dislikes" side by side on this, it solves the solution to the problem. If that solution doesn't work, there's more. Libraries can take out what really makes material that people hate and replace it with material that's better for everyone. In general I don't think the library should come up with that material. Just try to keep the attackers and non-attackers happy, then There will be no more such conclusions.
Yes, I do think that if material in a library is objectionable, it should be taken out of the library, because the library is where people go to get a better understanding of what they don't know. That's why I say that. If you go to the library and see something you don't like and you don't think it's for people to see, then it should be taken off the shelf. I don't want anyone in the library to be dissatisfied with books, movies, music, or anything else, especially if children are involved. People should be able to go to public places where they are comfortable with their place and it should be a suitable place for children to come and learn. Libraries are learning environments that inspire education, growth and development. I say this because a library should be a place where learning is the primary goal, and if something in the library offends a person, it should be taken off the shelf. I know kids should be able to go to the library and be happy with how the library looks.
Should library materials be censored? No, I don't think library stuff should be censored or taken off the shelf. If something is offensive to someone, that person does not need to view the material. People should have the right to get whatever they want from the library, it's too bad if someone doesn't like the material they have. What if the kids get bad stuff off the shelf? If a kid gets something bad or inappropriate for themselves, the library won't let them check, so that's okay, parents should watch the kids get it. I go to the library all the time and I've never seen anything inappropriate I don't know if anyone told me they found something offensive in the library because I think libraries know what people want and what people don't over there. If some people don't like it because I'm sure others like it, it's not right to take something off the shelf. But if there's something really objectionable that everyone thinks is bad and you can't delete it but you can't every time someone complains it's objectionable because then there probably won't be any left in the library down anything. So I don't think anything should be taken off the shelf just because some people find it objectionable because I'm sure the same number of people don't find it objectionable and it would be wrong to take it from those people.
I believe that if there is a book in the library that children are not allowed to read, it should be the book that children should not get. I think those types of books should be kept in a section of the library that kids shouldn't have access to. Also, the library should have a section where only certain ages can read the book. In some libraries, there is a pile of books that are not for children, they keep them within the reach of children, which should not be allowed. So I don't think they should expose kids to these types of books. The same thing applies to stores. In some stores they have a magazine section with bad stuff that kids are not allowed to see. I know there are inappropriate images and text in the grocery store I go to that kids should see or read. So there should be an age-specific area in the store because I was in the store the other day and I saw a kid reading a magazine and saying bad things about it and looking at the bad pictures it had in it. So that's why they should put magazines in a place where kids shouldn't touch them. There is a music section in the same store that has kids in it all the time. The music isn't that bad, it's just that the kids can take these off the shelf and take them home to listen to. This is the wrong part for parents to buy @CAPS1 for their kids. So if a parent buys a kid that @CAPS1 is bad, it's the parent's fault. But I think @CAPS1 for kids should be part of the store and @CAPS1 for seniors should be the place to access it. The same applies to movies. Movies in the store are rated @CAPS5, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1@NUM1, @CAPS6, and even limited to @CAPS7 viewers. In a bunch of movies @LOCATION1@NUM1 abd up, there's a bunch of stuff kids shouldn't see. Like there are only movies in the @CAPS7 audience, they show nudity and more stuff that people under @NUM3 shouldn't see, but they have some just sitting on store shelves. So kids shouldn't have access to these types of movies. The reason I explain all of this is so that the kids don't understand them. Like in music, if kids start listening to some bad music, they'll start saying those bad things and get in trouble at school and elsewhere. Even when kids read a book with bad stuff, they'll start saying those things and even doing what's happening in the book. In movies that kids shouldn't watch, like bloody action movies or nudity movies, or even movies that suggest kids will watch that movie and show friends there or get inspiration from the movie. That's why kids shouldn't be allowed access to these kinds of things.
Do we have the right to remove objectionable material from shelves if it is found? I don't think we should have the right to do that. I believe that if we had the right, there would be no material left for future children to read. One of the big things to consider when you think about this right is even if our material talks about discrimination, or uses words that might be offensive, or even if we don't like the book, movie or magazine and think it It is the waist of space. We should never have the right to remove these materials. I know of several people whose first book for a child they thought was harmless tried to discriminate against someone or a race. Some books discriminate against people of certain races, or tell us when people were discriminated against. If we have the right to remove these materials, they will all disappear eventually. Our future kids won't know this even happened, or if they do half the information is likely to be wrong because over the years people may change the story to the version they want their kids to think about. If someone finds a word in a book or even a movie that they find objectionable, they will have the right to remove that material from other people's view. If someone finds a curse word in material they find objectionable, or if they just find the thought of using the curse word objectionable, they'll be able to remove that material, which means thousands of good books and movies Will disappear because of a word that person doesn't like. Some people may find them waists of space and delete them if they don't like the book, movie, music or magazine. Some people enjoy reading or listening to them, and @MONTH1 finds some of them we can't stand watching, good or funny. Some people don't like the size of a book or the size of the text. These are not ways to judge a book. I don't think anyone should have the right to remove a book, movie, music or magazine from the shelf. We should all keep these materials for future generations. The people of the world in the past destroyed material they didn't like, and now we'll never know what they were doing or even trying to tell us. There is no reason to remove material just for the opinion of one person or even the opinion of a group of people.
Taking certain materials from library shelves is not the way to go. No matter how objectionable they are, there are many other ways to deal with this problem. I don't think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the library for being too offensive. First, many people have different opinions on what is offensive and what is not. For example, many people have different interests than others. Some @MONTH1 like certain types of books and movies and some @MONTH1 don't. For example, one of my favorite types of movies to watch is comedy. On the other hand, I have a lot of friends who like to watch horror movies. This is something you cannot change. Everyone will have their own preferences for what they want to read, listen to or watch. Why would you take something people really like? There are other ways to solve this problem. I believe we can solve this problem by separating some materials in the library from others. For example, if something is considered objectionable, it can be placed with other similar things. These materials do not have to be completely removed. Mothers often worry about their children picking up things they find offensive in the library. If these materials are separated from other materials, there will be no problem. Certain materials do not have to be completely removed from the library. All in all, there is no need to remove material from the library as many people have different interests. In conclusion, I don't think material should be removed from the library because it is objectionable
I'm really sick and my head is really hurting while writing this paper, so please take it easy on me @CAPS1. Any literary source is someone's own imagination, taking whatever direction they choose for @CAPS1. If @CAPS1 were censored, then creating as an art form of writing would be nothing more than lonely garbage floating on winding streets. @CAPS1 It's almost like watching TV; your kids wake up and want to stay up late to watch a new horror movie, but can't, that movie is too scary for them, and @CAPS1 shows some nudity. If this movie isn't for your kids, please don't let them watch @CAPS1. In the library, though, your mother might not always be there to pre-read your books for you. So maybe you just have to take the blame and read the book if you want, or not read the book, of course it depends on your mother's opinion of @CAPS1. The idea that libraries have censorship is pretty absurd. Of course, I don't want to see @PERSON1: @CAPS1 in my kids section, but it all depends on putting books in the right section of them. Put explicit books on one side of the library and non-books on the other. The point is that most people who use the library are old enough to pick their favorite books, and if not, they have a mom to accompany them
The shelves of libraries and shops across the country are filled with many different types of books, music, movies, magazines and more. Consumers keep pulling these items off the shelves without realizing what they're actually buying. Some parents @MONTH1 don't even realize what their teens or toddlers are actually buying. Some of @MONTH1's materials are offensive and have a bad effect on those who buy them. But if parents are more cautious about what their kids buy, then there's no problem. That's why these materials should stay on the shelf. A big reason these items shouldn't be taken away is because consumers can choose whether to buy or view them. People should be able to decide for themselves what they will or will not buy. If they don't want to buy or check these materials, then they should go to another shelf, or shop at another store. I've seen parents who don't really care what their kids buy, and I've seen parents do the opposite. If the store takes these items, it's almost like taking away their choice. If they don't want their kids to watch movies aimed at mature audiences, that's the responsibility of adults. Parents should be able to prohibit certain things until their children are old enough to make their own decisions. If they trust their children with these materials, then this is their choice. These objectionable items cannot be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them. With the way media works, it's hard to remove all these items from libraries and stores. In any case, younger children may always have access to these materials. There are always commercials on TV that will appeal to kids or teens and affect their stuff. I've also seen music videos and magazines with their favorite celebrities on the cover. Controlling every aspect of society to make it suitable for a younger audience is nearly impossible. If everyone was able to take all the items they disapproved of off the shelves, there would be a lot of empty shelves on those shelves. If everyone took books they didn't like off the shelf, libraries would have some options. By taking off one of the books, someone may be taking off another person's favorite book. People can't take a book off the shelf just because the language is bad. There is a reason to separate the children's section from the adult section, as some books may not be suitable for all readers. From my personal experience, I don't see any problems with children viewing objectionable books. Most little kids are drawn to the kids' areas because of their colorful pages and simple text. With multiple materials available to the public, @MONTH1 will offend some people, especially their children. As parents, it is their responsibility to keep track of what their children see. People can't take the material off the shelf because it just makes some people uncomfortable. It's not fair to those who like the material. If they don't want to buy, then they should simply move to another shelf or a completely different store. As consumers, it is their choice whether they are willing to buy many different types of books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
I believe that if you're in a library or movie store, or anywhere, and have books, movies, magazines, or CDs that you deem objectionable, then you should most likely take them off the shelf. Have you ever walked into a store and got a little embarrassed seeing something that wasn't kid-friendly? I know there was at least one point in my life. That's why I think it should be removed from the store or at least the shelf. I always try to think about how my grandparents would feel if they heard the music most teenagers are listening to today. There's so much horrible language and talk of violence and bad things that it's really not for anyone to hear or even talk about. Some people have different opinions on this, some people think it's a little serious, but you have to remember that everyone has their own opinion
Dear @CAPS1 paper, I do think certain books should be removed from library shelves, but I don't agree with the same. For example, I think certain books should be removed from library shelves because underage children also go to libraries, and because others may find certain books objectionable and should not be displayed in libraries. I disagree with this situation as it is a library and the library has different types of books. First of all, I think certain books should be removed from the library because it is a public library and not only adults can go to the library, but also underage children. I know that some underage children are not allowed to borrow, but they are not deprived of the privilege of staying in the library and reading such books. Second, I disagree that certain books should be viewed on library shelves because others may find such books objectionable in the library. I say this because some books are against the humor of other races, if say a black, mexican, maybe even an arbiana came to the library looking for a book and happened to come across a book talking about their Race, most people take this offense. However, I don't think any book has been deprived of the library. The reason I think so is simply because it's a library, and a library was developed for a lot of people who are interested in books. And I don't think it's fair that certain books should be removed from libraries because people don't think they fit some people's interest in books. People should be free to come in and read books without having to search for books that interest them but have been removed because others find them objectionable. So I agree and don't agree that a library should be stripped of a book because it lacks interest or offends someone. And such a person should "put the shoe on the other foot" and try to see it from someone else's point of view.
When you go somewhere there is always something that some people don't like and not everyone likes everything. Libraries have to be the worst place for people who don't like things. Library censorship is getting worse every day, and it's present in everything from books, movies, music, and magazines. Should we put something like this on the shelf? Everyone reading this will have a different opinion on the review of the library. Lots of stuff with bad laugauge naughty pictures on the shelves. These books little kids can pull off the shelves and see things their parents don't want them to see. Censorship is everywhere, not just in libraries. Books and stuff in the library need to change and not be so bad. If something like this is needed then there is a dedicated store for such things
Censorship in libraries is a big deal in schools. @MONTH1 is a book someone really wants to read, but they can't find it in the school library. Many great educational books have been pulled from library shelves because they were either too violent or poorly written. If a child or parent is offended by these types of books, then they don't need to check them out. School books should not be censored. There are many books, which teachers believe are educational books, that have been removed from library shelves. Books that teachers want to read to the classes there. There should be no problem giving someone a book with some bad words or some violent scenes for them to read. Some banned books may relate to someone and touch them. Library bans need to change. People should have the right to read what they want, even if the book or magazine comes from the school library. There are some good books that have been banned. For example, "@CAPS1 for @PERSON1" is banned in public schools for some reason. This book is one of my five favorites and I can't borrow it from the library because it's banned. This kind of stuff needs to be open to everyone regardless of age. Library censorship needs to go away forever. Many people's lives can be changed, moved, moved, etc. because of a book. Many banned books are good books that can affect someone's life. People should be able to read what they want when and where they want to read.
I think certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable because the word is just saying "offensive" or these things should be placed in places that are not accessible to everyone, such as children or when you The religion of the people does not accept that kind of thing. For example, some books, music, movies, or magazines show objectionable images or words in my opinion, not just me or someone else. Offensive to me is when it doesn't fit a certain image, video or bad word that everyone hears or sees. You have to be careful when you think something is objectionable because not everyone thinks like you, everyone has different opinions and conclusions, we have to remember that we have the right to talk, read and write what we think The best thing. I'm not saying they should ban certain books or music, I'm just saying there's time for everything, we're young and we're looking for a great future, not just for us, but for young kids and older people as well Provide us with the best they have to offer because they have experience and they know what is best for their children. This is a free country people should express their opinions and make it valuable, if you think something is bad say it, it's important to remember not to let people offend you with words or images, don't let They force you to do things that offend others
In the world of @DATE1, there is a lot around our kids, and if we try to take away material, we take most of it for entertainment. Many adults say that our world has changed a lot since they were young. So why don't we do something about it? People need to stop complaining about everything and just do something. Adults can eliminate the amount of material kids bring home. If you walk into any store right now, you'll find something you don't want your kids to see, see, or hear. I believe people are doing their best to separate these materials from home-oriented materials. Sometimes that's not enough and kids are still addicted to certain materials at a very young age. These kids share what they have with their friends, and these other kids start doing the same. Many materials such as movies and music have negative thoughts and teach children things they don't need to know or learn. Material that talks about drugs, parties, and drinking doesn't even need to be on a radio station or TV channel that kids will listen to. We adults also need to know that it is not good for children to learn to listen to these things, and try to keep children away from it. Like the author said, if everyone could take something off the shelf, nothing would be left. We'll always have these things that we don't want our kids to see, but we can start eliminating some of them. Others that we can't eliminate we can keep on the shelves and other places, but only where the kids don't go. I believe our town can do better to keep our kids away from @CAPS1 rated movies, negative songs and different books that talk about "adult things". Children are the future of the world. If that's all they care about and think about, it's not good for the future. There are many things we can do to stop our children from watching, listening, and learning about these negative things in life. Keep kids away from these materials and the world will be a better place if we do.
There are many books, music, movies, and magazines that make people feel offended. Some even think these things should be taken off the shelves. I don't think books, music, movies or magazines should be taken off the shelves entirely. Not everyone finds these things objectionable and they shouldn't be taken down because a few people don't agree with them. First, people have different opinions about what they find objectionable. Not everyone finds the same things offensive or wants the same books or songs removed. Since people always have different opinions, it can be difficult to remove books, music, movies or magazines for everyone. Just because one person disagrees with what a movie or book says doesn't mean everyone wants that movie or book removed. If someone finds my favorite book objectionable, I don't want it to be taken off the shelves entirely. Just as importantly, if every book, song, movie, and magazine that someone finds objectionable is taken off the shelves, there won't be too many books, movies, songs, or magazines left. Author Katherine Paterson once said: But if I have the right to take a book off the shelfI hate that kind of workthen you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we There are no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 is saying that if every book that offends someone is taken off the shelf, then there are no books for anyone to read. People find different things offensive if every Individuals take these things off the shelf, so nobody leaves anything. In the end, if someone finds a book objectionable, they don't have to read it. When someone finds a book, movie, song, or When a magazine is objectionable, they don't need to watch it or read it. Instead of taking it off the shelf, the person just can't read it. Not everyone finds the same books objectionable, and taking them off the shelf may make A lot of people get upset. When someone finds something offensive, they can avoid it rather than delete it and make others upset. If someone is offended by one of my favorite books, I'd rather They just avoid reading and take it off the shelf so I can't read it. Some people find many books, songs, movies and magazines objectionable. They want these things removed from the shelf permanently. However, I don't think these things should be removed. Taking these off the shelf might make some people happier or more upset. Not everyone finds the same things offensive and shouldn't be because a few disagree take down
Imagine walking out of your home and you see a huge bonfire across the street, in the open air. You'll see men walk into the library empty-handed and walk out with a load of books, magazines, movies, and other media. Then the men throw them into a fiery hell and you seem to burn them to ashes and be lost forever. This is what happens if we allow censorship of our library. We should not allow our libraries to be censored because it violates constitutional rights, will gradually make our society more and more ignorant, and slide the country from a democracy to one where the beliefs and ideals of the people are controlled. A small group of people. Letting our libraries do the scrutiny would violate a basic constitutional right that is plain and simple. Make it clear in @ORGANIZATION1 that there will be press freedom. By throwing out certain literary works, this right will be thrown aside, violating a constitutional right, and what will happen next? Will our freedom of speech be denied, or will our freedom of assembly be denied? As citizens of @LOCATION1, we cannot allow this to happen in our great country. By allowing certain books and papers to be thrown out of our libraries, people's knowledge bases will eventually shrink dramatically. Take @PERSON1's theory of evolution for example, this is a very sensitive topic among those who believe in @CAPS1. If all his work on this subject were discarded, much information that would be very valuable to biologists would be lost, and those biologists would not be able to improve the existing repository of information. If this happens, our civilization will experience a decline in intelligence and an expansion of ignorance in many areas of knowledge. Picture @CAPS2 in @DATE1. Hitler's @ORGANIZATION2 has come to power and we have systematically destroyed all material they deemed subversive to the cause of @ORGANIZATION2, allowing only material containing what they believe to be true beliefs and ideals to exist in the library. This is exactly what we would do if we allowed a review of our library. Censorship in the library will be controlled by a relatively small group of people, which means that censorship will be controlled by the beliefs and ideals of the same people, and those same beliefs and ideals will thus be imposed on people, shaping the beliefs and ideals of the general public about those choices. the minority. In conclusion, having our public libraries censored would undermine the very fabric of our society, violate constitutional rights, make our society progressively more and more ignorant, and leave the beliefs and ideals of our people in the hands of one person. Choose a few. This is not what @LOCATION2 envisioned by our @CAPS3 @CAPS4, they are right. It is simply wrong to let censorship exist in our public libraries
Everyone has things that offend them, whether they admit it or not. Books are known to do this to people. However, there are all kinds of books, music, and all other material that can offend all kinds of people. Even books read in school classrooms can offend people. Reading is an important thing, and whether readers like it or not, they will encounter something that offends them. I believe we have the right to have things that are offensive because there are so many books that are offensive, there is censorship in music and movies, and if they don't like it, they should ignore it. First of all, we have the right to have such books. Just like in life, there are things people don't like, but deal with it anyway. That's it. Those books are popular and famous, although there are a few people out there who don't like those particular books. I've read a book that people want to ban, and it's one of the best books I've ever read. All in all, if we take every book a person doesn't like, there are only a few books left. Second, music and movies have censorship. You can choose whether or not to review. Movies tell what age can watch these movies. The music blocks the needed words. If they don't want it, they don't have to listen or see. We all have certain things we like and dislike, and we can't eliminate all the dislikes. In the end, it seems to me that if they don't want it, they don't have to have it. Music and movies are people's choices, they don't have to listen or watch what they think is a bad idea. It's all self-righteous, there's no right or wrong. I know people out there don't have @CAPS1 or they don't listen to the radio and that's fine. They don't have to complain because they simply don't pay attention. All in all, there are so many books, music and movies in the world that offend people with censorship, and if they can't stand it they don't have to deal with it . Like I said, these books, magazines, music, etc., are loved by a lot of people, so why throw them away for the offended few? We all do things we do, but we don't like things we can't do anything about. As Katherine Paterson once said, 'But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf, then you have the same right, and so do everyone else.' Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us.
There I was, walking through the library looking for the perfect book to borrow. It was then that I stumbled across a book that looked very interesting. On the cover was a frustrated girl with a hopeful look on her face, and on the back was a summary of a book I wanted to get my hands on. Titled @CAPS1, the book is about a girl who goes through some difficult times but finds her way out. Books from stories, novels, magazines, or tapes of any kind appear on the shelves of our libraries, and it's our job to discover them. Whether literature is about love and breakups, grief and depression, or the success of a sports team, it should be allowed on the shelves of our libraries. Opinion, everyone has a person who conflicts with everyone else. Our world revolves around these different viewpoints and ideas, shouldn't our literature and music reflect these opposites? Literature is an escape for many people, it's the way they experience the world and the way they live through the main characters they read. If we remove @MONTH1's books that offend someone, we're taking that opportunity away for someone else. In my opinion, removing potentially objectionable material from our libraries is protecting our world. No matter how hard we try, children and teens will one day be exposed to objectionable material that we try to remove from their lives. Instead of trying to hide what our real world is like, we should let them experience it in a safe way, like reading or listening to music. If material is found to be offensive, it is the parent's responsibility to regulate whether the child reads or listens to the material. Removing potentially objectionable material won't help. In conclusion, offensive material should not be removed from our libraries, but should be regulated by our parents or elders. The idea of regulating what's on the shelf isn't the most effective. If any material has the potential to be offensive, it is not the library's job to regulate whether it is displayed to the public
Censorship in libraries should be the same as it is now. There are several reasons why censorship is good. The reason is that parents should be in charge of the books their children read, not everyone agrees to censorship, the library has books on different topics that people love to read. The first reason is that parents should be responsible for what their children read. If parents just tell their kids not to read a certain book, the kids won't read it. If a parent does not want their child to enter a certain area, the parent can say stay away from that area. Although, sometimes the child @MONTH1 will move away from the parent, it is unlikely that the parent will not notice. This is why parents should be responsible for what their children read. The second reason is that not everyone agrees with censorship. Some people think that whatever religion is shown in the book is important, but others will think that certain parts of the religious book (nudity, swearing, etc.) are extremely inappropriate. Some will say that books like @CAPS1 Myth Books are inappropriate and need to be censored, while others argue that these books are a bygone culture and should stay in libraries forever. When most children read these books, they feel that the books are too big and don't even read them. Few would agree with censorship, and many would disagree. The third reason is that libraries have different themes than illegal books. One can read different books and ignore others completely. It's not like a kid going to the dirtiest book they can find and saying "@CAPS2 I want to read that." The kid might want something to do with a TV show or some kind of movie. The point is that one can read other books, not just inappropriate books. Books in the library should remain the same because parents are responsible for what their children read, not everyone agrees with censorship, and libraries have different subjects that people want to read. Censorship should be fine in cases where others disagree. Children probably won't read this inappropriate book anyway because they won't be interested in children.
So you see a pretty old lady flipping through one of the many books in the library, she snorts @CAPS4. You look at her, she looks at you, she walks away. You go pick up the book, @CAPS4 is about medical marijuana. Is she angry about it? I really don't care what people have to say, if @CAPS4 is on the shelf, @CAPS4 stays on the shelf. I'm convincing librarians, readers, and everyone else to shut up if you're offended by a book, magazine, movie, or anything you can find in the @CAPS1 library. The library has multiple uses, one is @CAPS1 by @CAPS4, which is open to everyone. Second, if you have a library card, you can borrow books, movies, music, etc. Third, if you "have to go" on the road, you can stop and leave. What I'm trying to say is that nothing should be taken from the shelves of any library. Yes, I mean at some point you have to be in charge, but even then you can have a teen room or something. I think if you take something off a library shelf, you can take a part of the heart. Let's say your town has @NUM1 @CAPS1 libraries, one library has something that the other library doesn't. Someone rioted and they took @CAPS4 off the shelf. You'll never find it anywhere else unless you buy @CAPS4 offline. Sometimes, this can be a bit expensive, especially since you can get @CAPS4 for free at the library? But then again, I see where people come from taking certain materials off the shelves. Say you want @NUM2 year old and he will come up to you with a sex book. What can you say about this? I mean it sounds corny, but @CAPS4 can happen. Most parents just want their children to be in a safe, harmless environment. This is where they come in and say, "I thought this was a @CAPS1 library?!" This is where @CAPS4 goes bad. After all this, people just accuse librarians @CAPS2 of getting these books, movies and music that are harmful to young kids. But @CAPS4 is not the librarian's fault, different people like different books, that's @CAPS2 When @CAPS4 is about books, libraries have many, many choices. That's when the question arises, '@CAPS2 Don't we just have separate rooms, separate books? @CAPS3, that sounds good, but who will pay for @CAPS4? Libraries donate a lot of things, they are lucrative, but also a non-profit resource. Libraries have been around for a long time, and most of them started small and are now huge. That's when libraries receive donations, flip through them, and sell books they don't want or need. They make money out of it, and that's when they start making individual rooms. @CAPS4 sounds crazy, but @CAPS4 doesn't cause uproar about people. So people are happy, librarians are happy, and most importantly you are happy. You can easily find the book you want or need, one, two, three. All you have to do is go to that room, look for @CAPS4, check @CAPS4, and you have a great book ready to read. @CAPS4 Sounds easier than looking up @CAPS4, getting dewy decimal numbers, finding the numbers. In conclusion, we shouldn't delete anything from library shelves because @CAPS4 @MONTH1 is the only one in your town, maybe the only one in your state, maybe the whole country. You never know. What I'm saying is, '@CAPS4 it's better to keep a book than forget a book.
Maybe, in a sense, I don't think books should be removed to a certain extent. The reason for this is because some books, magazines and other things can provide information. They can help you with certain issues. They @MONTH1 don't always have what you need, but they will look back and see what kind of generation we have. However, there are other reasons why others may be offended. People @MONTH1 take this aspect to the next level where they get hurt. I think maybe certain books and magazines should be removed. They tend to cause harm to others and may harm others. The meaning of this nautre is to ask the store to remove the book or magazine. If a person is offended by the book, the store cannot remove the book. If you take every objectionable book off your shelf, you won't learn from the other mistakes it has made in other people's lives. They may think ready-made books are a good idea, but young people can't learn mature items that their parents don't want to learn. They @MONTH1 think they are doing the right thing by not showing you sexual assault stuff. You @MONTH1 don't want kids or others to see this sex and see what the world is turning into. Also, I can understand why they would take this stuff off the shelves. They @MONTH1 don't like what they see, but they think it's true and it's very offensive to see people suffering from sexually psychiatric disorders. Some of @MONTH1's books will stay on the shelf, like @CAPS1 books. @CAPS1 books so they don't hide what we should know about the human body. So @CAPS1 books and magazines should stay on the shelf. If you want to see something starkly provocative, go to a sex shop. Don't publish books that show aspects of human sexuality in public. The purpose of @CAPS1 magazine is for learning, not for enjoyment. You can go to different stores to enjoy. However, if you take off something that might offend others, then that means you must take off the @CAPS1 item. People may be offended by not looking like people in magazines. It might offend them, so you take it off the shelf or not. Not that you won't be offended by having a book by @CAPS1 that lets you learn about the environment. This also applies to sex magicians. Yes, sex is good for you, but do you want to teach it to kids who are so fast? You'll want to teach them about sex presentations not magazines. I know @CAPS1 books and tapes can encourage sex, but they're mostly talking to adults. As for music and tape, I don't think those genres should be removed. That's for enjoyment, and people like to unwind with that kind of thing. I mean I don't buy @CAPS2 tapes or music, but other people do. If you do take it off and they love it, what else would they put? You have to consider the younger generation. The older generation lived a life of happiness and not violence. But, for teens in some places right now, they're hard. They need to make a living on the streets. They need something to listen to. This offending music is for listening to some music that is scary, but now what music isn't. If you love music then why are we taking it off the shelves. People make a living listening to music and serving others. It's a wonderful thing, and it really is what makes the world work. It would be disappointing to have shops and stalls stop playing music and newspapers because it hurts others, so to see something so wonderful fall into the abyss. If you go back to @NUM1, the music there is also about drugs and no one has any problem with that. Maybe people have no problem with it, but because they grew up around it. Just like we've grown up with rap and sex music. We are teenagers and you were teenagers. You know you're not going to listen to a beetle song that has nothing to do with drugs, sex, or excitement. The beetles sing everything that singers sing now. Generations change and the environment changes with it, but you can't change the way we grow up. You can try to make it better, but it takes a lot of willpower. The current generation is tough and they won't be disappointed. You might as well stop trying to take away from us what we grew up with. No one is trying to take your music, so why are you taking ours. It's not something you want to take with you, it's that you want to look back and see how much has changed between generations
In my opinion, I think libraries should allow all types of material. If someone offends a particular topic or section, they don't have to read it. Not just certain types of genres and themes or magazines. Everyone has different meanings, they have different personalities and views on what they like. I think such a library actually expands the variety of books. A library that doesn't satisfy people's desires or interests, what makes them want to stay? The library should be filled with a variety of topics that appeal to everyone. It's like they have adult and kids sections. Everyone has their own sense of belonging. Even if some people are offended. A person can be offended anywhere, not just a certain magazine or a certain style of music. Of course, if there is some respect, I do believe it. If there are tons of consumers complaining about the same topic, nothing should cross the line. You can tell if a part or material is out of bounds. Each section should be written to tell the truth, but also with respect. During the time I've been to the library, @MONTH1 there are certain ways of things that I disagree with. But then I saw a guy who really enjoyed his time in the library. I know that when I go, I can always find a style of music that appeals to me. It's not just the same wherever I go. There are always options, different options and more that I can learn. Keeping all materials like books, music, movies, etc. is one way to attract everyone. I personally should have their opinions and choices to be able to read what they like. There will always be movies or books you don't like, but others may. If everyone told them they liked and disliked a certain book. Where is the variety? What books will be left? Everyone has their own ideas about what they like, and if there's a topic you don't like, you probably know very little about it. Libraries are a great way to search and find any information
This article is all about whether certain material in the library should be removed from the shelves if it offends some people. If things offend someone, I don't think they should be removed from library shelves. Just because it's offensive to one person doesn't mean it's offensive to everyone. If you're offended by what they're showing, there are ways you can avoid seeing them. One thing you can do is never go by or around the shelf where it's displayed, ask for help in order to get whatever you need, or try searching the internet for what you're looking for. I already knew what I was going to get when I visited the library, so I never found anything that offended me. If I did find something offended I would complain and if they didn't do anything I would never go back. I'll search online or go to another library that I know they will meet my needs. The libraries I go to always have sections that differentiate between different age groups. These sections are divided into children, adolescents and adults. I've been to the library many times and I've never heard anyone complain about something objectionable. If there's anything in the library that offends me, I don't know. Every time I go, I stay in a section dedicated to teens and look at magazines and books. I feel like if people are offended by something they see on the shelf they should avoid or ignore it because everyone has their own opinion on what offends them and what doesn't
I don't think we should take it down because @MONTH1 offended you @MONTH1 didn't offend me. Or something interesting or something I think or good for me. @MONTH1 what an offense to me @MONTH1 no offense to you. And I think if something is offensive to someone they should just walk away or just don't mind me
I believe the current way of reviewing and removing material works and should continue. As Kathryn Patterson said, while everyone at @MONTH1 dislikes a particular novel or book, the library cannot delete every book one person dislikes. When a book seems so controversial that most people disapprove of it, the book is usually taken off the shelf. It seems unlikely that children will see offensive material. Most public libraries don't keep their offensive material near children's books. At my local library, their section has more offensive or obscene books in one place. To get these books, you must have parental permission or be at least @NUM1 years old. Children are less likely to see questionable material. Many who find the material objectionable also have to remember when and where the story originated. @PERSON3 @PERSON2 @MONTH1 There were racial slurs in it, but those were normal at the time if you take into account the time and place of the novel. No one is going to be upset about a novel written by @NUM2 years ago because by today's standards it has something objectionable about it. While I believe that in most cases libraries should not censor or remove material, there should be some restrictions in place to keep extremely harmful material out of the library. For example, there should be no dirty magazines or movies on the library shelves. If the vast majority of people want a particular material banned, it's hard to ignore them. When a book is so vulgar and people start protesting the book, there are questions about whether it should stay on library shelves. When a large percentage of people join the cause, it should be banned. Censorship or removal of material from libraries remains a hot topic today. I believe the current system of censoring or removing books has done its job and should continue. If few people disapprove of a particular material, the book will sit uncensored on most shelves. When a lot of people start protesting the same material, there's a good chance it will be banned. Through this process, every book with racial slurs or questionable scenes is not removed, but really deserving books are removed.
Have you ever asked yourself any of the following questions at the library? Who reads this? Why are you here? Are the kids reading or watching this stuff? Will the kids check these? Or have you thought about or said these statements to yourself? I don't want my kids to pick this up and read this. This is so offensive. It goes against all our morals. I don't know what grotesque convention this is, but I'm not part of it. Let's get out of here. This place is quirky. Ever wonder which books will be banned from the library? Who banned books? I think things have to be very objectionable to pull them off the shelf. I think they should stick them on the side of the library and put the age on it, otherwise you have to be a certain age to view the books. I don't find swearing books that offensive. When the person (whoever it is) goes out. They will learn and hear curse words. People use them just like "and" or "the". They will hear their voices down to their graves. Whether they choose to use them is their choice. In order for them to be banned or moved to a different book group, they should be sexist, the most racial, have a lot of sex, or just be really horrible. I think they should go upstairs to westerns with a mushy romance. I mean people can go there and check them out, but that's the adult library area. The stairs should be next to the circulation desk. When they are not busy, they should go upstairs to see if there are any children on it. I think the top floor or some area should be an adult area. They have mushy cute pigeon stuff, they have cowboy shooting stuff, and aggressive stuff. Too much porn, most racist, or really sexist, or creepy stuff like people kill for fun. Also, they should have adult magazines on it as well. Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. You know how you got down the aisle at the @CAPS1 market with half-naked girls in bikinis. Then there are the cosomos, which should all be upstairs. I mean they talk about how to have good sex. I don't want some @NUM1 or @NUM2 year old kid picking up that thing she'll be scarred for life. Then the main level or area should be teen books. You know vampire books, @CAPS1 heroes, crazy novels, then magazines and movies that are not bad. Then the bottom layer should be child level. Game puppets and movies and simple books. in conclusion. I don't think anyone should be able to ban a book. I think it should be open, but not just anyone. There should be a grand meeting. Along with the mayor, a couple teach one English teacher at each level, as well as parents and librabiens. People who want to be banned should tell everyone why and what. As author Katherine Paterson said, 'All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't get off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf, then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we have no books left for any of us.
Library censorship. Do you think we should be able to take movies, magazines and books off the shelf? There are many different arguments on this topic. I believe children and others should be able to read if they put books, movies and other things on the shelf. They need to know everything about this world. Because if they don't understand it now, they'll never know it all when they grow up. I think it's vital that our young people know this. Some @MONTH1 said we were both watching this stuff when we were younger, but the younger you find it, the better you get when you get older. That's my opinion on the situation. The younger you are, the more you can learn about these things
I don't think certain material should be removed because there are several people who don't like what's in the book, movie or music. If we where to listen to everyone and delete books they don't like, there's nothing else to read. For example, if a person comes to a library and asks the library to remove a book about murder that contains violence. @MONTH1 The person @MONTH1 who comes to the library every day wants to read that book because it is the type of book he likes. Another example is if a person's child goes into the library and the child there is watching a movie about gangs, drugs and violence, the mother would want the movie to be removed from the library. I said that if a mom doesn't want her kids to watch a movie they make, she should say something to them and punish them every time they cough. Rather than parents trying to remove a lot of books that other people love, it's better to be more disciplined with the kids out there. One way that libraries prevent kids from getting movies or books they shouldn't be reading is to put all books and movies in a special area where they will be viewed. Many people like drugs and violent movies. Such movies or books should not be removed because of what other people think about something. I also think that if a person doesn't like the type of language or images in a book or movie, then they shouldn't read or watch it. If they say kids there are watching or reading without permission, that's wrong, they should know more about what kids there are doing than trying to get that book, movies get deleted sometimes, The language of books and movies is very offensive, but that's because they're just trying to show something that's happening in the real world. They want the movie or book to be as real as possible.
Censorship; aspects of removing objectionable material from the public eye. Is this the right way to do it? Should society as a whole eliminate diversity? Do you think our generation or future generations should not experience and understand what past generations have? I believe that censorship is wrong in every way, but I also believe that it is possible to control material that is objectionable or inappropriate for certain ages. Movie theaters, video stores, @ORGANIZATION1 and TV all do this. They use ratings and age controls on their audience. Control can be difficult now, and @MONTH1 doesn't always work if not handled properly. To handle this situation before it appears, libraries could use a system like a restaurant or bar; for example, checking identities before checking out books rated "@CAPS1" or above. Different sections in the library are available for certain age groups. Now you @MONTH1 are thinking; doesn't this idea take away the liberty that libraries give us? Well, you @MONTH1 are right, but would you rather let our kids see violence and other inappropriate material that they shouldn't? It's like a movie theater. You don't need to buy a ticket, but the control over the content will be amazing compared to what it actually is. Do you want your 6 year old girl to watch an adult violence movie, a porn movie, or even @CAPS2 with a curse? Why should libraries offer kids things their parents don't? I believe a library should be a place of learning and freedom, but learning should be something age-appropriate. Our society matures too quickly for young children, so why should libraries be involved? Libraries located at schools don't even provide this material because they know that most of their library's readers are students. That being said, why should public libraries be able to store these materials. Yes, media is everywhere. Movies, books, magazines, newspapers, music and more flash and sell more than it should. The media shows kids things they shouldn't know until they reach adulthood, but is it okay? Is it right for kids to see and want everything they want? No, it is not. Fighting with fire will only start a bigger fire. Why should our children start using violent, sexual and inappropriate material at an early age? Do you want your child to fail? I know I don't so why should we let our libraries distribute books, magazines, movies, etc., so that our children can thrive in the culture they adhere to? I don't think we should remove these books from our libraries because everyone has a different opinion, but I do think there needs to be some control over our kids' and other kids' bags. Having said that, censorship is overrated, but some material in the library is underrated, which needs to be handled and controlled
Everyone has their favorite book. Once we read the first sentence, some of us just can't put it down. The library took it down a few days later, saying it was offensive to many who had read it. Why do so many people lose a good book because someone doesn't like what they see? We are all trying to accommodate everyone and their needs, just to please them. They asked to do everything because we didn't want a big scene. Most people thought, 'That book is disgusting! Write it down! Nausea! but why? Everyone has the right to read what they want to read. No library should satisfy a minority of people's needs for "offensive" books just because they say it's inappropriate. Who are we to judge what is good for everyone and what is not? Books are written for a reason, and that is to share the author's ideas, not to corrupt society with their "evil" and "offensive" ideas that can lead children to rebel. This excuse is ridiculous. Parents should teach their children to tell the difference between right and wrong, if they use the "@CAPS1 kids will be rebels if they read this!" excuse, then they have no confidence in their children's abilities, or they are educating their children well. Besides, it's not just the readers who get angry, but the writers as well. How bad would it be if someone spent a year or two buying a great book only to get banned in library after library? Probably angry or unhappy. Authors have the right to write whatever they want. If they want to talk about dragons and princesses, so be it. If they want to discuss why we see the full moon? keep going. No one can stop a great book from being made, and they certainly shouldn't stop people from reading it. If someone is offended by a book, don't read it, it's that simple. Parents love to protect their children from harm and raise them to be good citizens of @LOCATION1. With this desire, parents do every little thing to make sure their son or daughter doesn't see, hear, or read anything inappropriate or "bad." This is ridiculous. Controlling a child's life will only make them more and more rebellious as they get older. Let the kids choose the books they read or the movies they watch. Parents need to teach their children right and wrong, and in doing so, they should have no problem seeing, hearing, or reading whatever they want. What would the world be like today without books, movies and music? no one knows. Books are a great source of information for authors to express themselves as well. Movies are almost as innocuous and need restraint, but overall? There should be no problem. Also, music allows artists to unleash their creativity and emotions. It's ridiculous to allow music, movies or books to be made and then take it away. If it offends someone, then that person should forget about it, not take it away from those who loved it and who created it.
I don't think there should be any censorship of good books and music shouldn't be removed just because one person finds it offensive. Because one @MONTH1 has a different opinion than the other. I believe music is the most important thing because not many people are offended by books, but I think music censorship is destroying it. Because it's an artist's expression, if people don't want to hear what's being said about it, they shouldn't listen to it. I don't think books should be taken offense for the same reason music should be a writer's point of view and expression, like telling someone they can't have an opinion on things like racesim or use curse words if they want to.
To @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @MONTH1 @CAPS3: I am writing to you today about the library review. I've had a few select examples in my life of reading a book or magazine that was offensive to some @MONTH1 but not at all to others. However, I do have my own take on this situation, and I feel it is my responsibility to @CAPS2 to tell you that books, magazines, etc. that I find offensive should be taken off the shelves. Everyone grows up and is taught different values and morals that are important to them. They represent these values, but at the same time respect that others have the right to believe differently from them. In a world where @CAPS2 is now, violence can erupt from the simplest things. Placing books on public shelves for the public to read can easily lead to outbursts and arguments between people who disagree. Offensive books and magazines launched to the public are asking for some bad results. My advice to you is to delete these offensive books. This will create a safe and happy environment for all who visit public libraries and other public spaces. @CAPS2 will reduce arguments between adults and set an example for younger children observing their parents' behavior. Children follow in their parents' footsteps. Watching parents for bad behavior because of offensive books doesn't teach kids how to behave responsibly. When our children grow up, we want them to behave responsibly. Offensive books that aren't listed promise to create a healthy environment for appropriate behavior. As a student, I want to grow in a world with respectful, happy and responsible people. I want people to get along with each other. I feel like taking offensive books off the shelves will help my hope of living in this somewhat peaceful world. Violence can be created by any means, and I feel that offensive books should be the last thing added. No objectionable books for the public to read will create a better living environment for people today.
Remove Books If a book is under attack, should every book that is similar to that book be removed from the shelves? No, the folks at @MONTH1 shouldn't take the books off their shelves even if they find the content objectionable. When I was in sixth grade, my teacher asked me to read and write summaries about "A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3". I searched the whole library and finally decided to ask for help, and the privilege of reading was taken away. Elementary schools no longer allow this book because parents see what their children are reading and find it very objectionable. After many reports about the book, the book was taken out of the library. In order for me to do what my teacher asked me to do, I had to go to the public library to pick up the book. If you find a book objectionable, keep @CAPS3 to yourself and don't read the book, they shouldn't remove it just because of what people think about it. Lots of people like different types of books, whether they are offensive or not, whether @MONTH1 likes them or not. I believe everyone has the right to read whatever they want, and books are for reading and watching. If books are taken away, there will be very few books read. But the more books are read and understood, the more books will be written and published. The same goes for music, movies, magazines, etc. They all have a reason and should be checked. @CAPS3 is great for reading, listening, reviewing, etc. to learn about different things, even things that @MONTH1 finds objectionable, they @MONTH1 teach classes.
Going to the library you think it's a home environment, don't you? I know when I think of libraries, I don't think of offensive material that would upset anyone. Surprisingly, many libraries do this, and I don't think they should be spoken out loud because it's not just for adults. Kids love going to the library and reading and more of what they love, but five-year-olds don't need to watch movies, books, or anything else that discriminates against other genders or other races. No matter what the authors say, if they belittle someone, this material shouldn't be on the shelf. Writers or library owners won't let their own kids read it, so why other kids read or watch it is okay. I'm not the only one who thinks this way, I'm sure there are millions of people like me who won't let their loved ones find these things and read them. The messages young people see or hear when they are young will stay with them for the rest of their lives; who knows what they will do or think when they grow up. These places should be a family place where you can go to get information, not get someone to learn about violence, drugs, racism and any other diragotori subject. Young children aren't the only ones who shouldn't be reading this spoiled material. Teens and adults are more likely to understand it better and take these themes into account. I implore these library owners to get these objectionable materials out of their branches; not only because kids can see them, but adults don't need to read, listen, or watch them. If you don't want your kids, why do other people want theirs too?
Why are they taking them off the shelves? If you ask me, I think they should stay @CAPS1. I think they should leave @CAPS1 there. @CAPS1 It doesn't just happen in the library, it happens on TV too. Everything in the library may not offend some people. Some people take an offensive attitude towards @CAPS1 when they see something that goes against their religion, culture or their country. But we have some people hacking something in the library, but don't worry @CAPS1. I said, 'If you find something in a library that disgusts you, don't get @CAPS1 just because you don't like @CAPS1, it doesn't mean other people won't like @CAPS1. So why waste your time trying to get @CAPS1 off the shelf when @CAPS1 is really the only one you worry about @CAPS1? @CAPS1 It doesn't make any sense how people adapt just because a certain material offends them. Like someone said the pastor was on tv, talking about how bad hell really is because some people thought @CAPS1 wouldn't be that bad. He was on TV and the woman took offense to @CAPS1 and asked them to take him off the TV. But she doesn't have to watch him on TV, she can watch something else. No one told her to watch @CAPS1, she chose to watch @CAPS1. So what I'm trying to say is, like the writer of the newspaper said, "I have the right to take the book I hate off the shelf, so you have the same right, and so does everyone else." @CAPS2, If you want something out of the box, consider other people who really want to use @CAPS1, not just you.
Libraries are great for a variety of reasons. If you need to do your research, meet the Tudors, find an interesting book to read, find a song you've been looking for, or pick up a new movie to rent tonight, the library is the place to go . However, within the library, there are limits to what they offer and what you can get. Censorship in libraries is a topic that comes up from time to time, and people debate whether they think censorship is a good thing or a bad thing. Personally, I think censorship can be more inconvenient for some people. For example, when I was in ninth grade, I was assigned to do a research paper on @ORGANIZATION1. However, this topic is a challenge for research as the library I go to doesn't offer many books or resources on @ORGANIZATION1 as it is seen as an "inappropriate" or "offensive" topic. Also, because of my age, the librarian won't let me check out some books @CAPS1. Because they think I'm too young to read this information, they won't let me continue my research @CAPS1. I think if it happens in the world we live in, it might be accessible to the public as well. If some people don't want to see or hear a certain topic, then they can avoid it on their own. instead of getting rid of it all together. The same goes for any form of media. If there is @CAPS1.V. Show that you don't @CAPS1 like it, don't @CAPS1 watch it. If there's a song you don't like, don't listen to it @CAPS1. It's that easy. I know I do it all the time. People need to take it upon themselves and understand what they can and cannot handle, and then apply that to their daily lives. When it comes to children and reviewing some of their topics, I think it's up to the child's guardian to determine what @CAPS2.K is. instead of @CAPS2.K. Let them see or hear. It is then the guardian's responsibility to ensure that their rules or guidelines are in place and that the child understands what they are. In conclusion, I think the purpose of libraries is to provide information. any information. Then people go to that library to find the information they're looking for, and the library has to offer a wide range of options. I don't think the library should be responsible for censoring @MONTH1's objectionable project. It's their job to provide information
I don't think books should be reviewed from library shelves. Katherine is right in many ways. If everyone deleted books they didn't like, we wouldn't have any books. The world would lose a lot of information about the important things in their world. I'm writing this article to explain why I don't think books should be censored. I don't think this book should be removed if it offends someone because they sometimes help people see mistakes in their own way, like a book about honoring white men and women treating @CAPS1 @CAPS2 men and Women's Way Book. Now one day people will read that book and if they are racist they won't read that book because they see how wrong @CAPS7 is. Music is free speech, some artists see themselves as "liberators", "icons" or even "spreading love", yes some of their songs may "look" offensive, but you never know @CAPS3 How high would it be if you cut @CAPS7 to grow e.g. @CAPS5 @CAPS6, @CAPS7's song "@CAPS4" made the catholic church furious because they automatically assumed she didn't respect @CAPS8 when in fact she said absolutely different tone. People learn special, powerful life lessons from things or situations that our society shuns, @CAPS7 may reemerge in this way all the time, we don't know. But one thing we do know is that we can change what we do now, and even better what we do in the future.
Libraries are happy that you can get a book and you can get licked some beer any time you ever have the chance to get it in your book. What I'm saying is that you shouldn't be a reed drug addict. So I believe the suet station will get us this shaf book on our backs
Should books, movies, magazines, etc. be found offensive, should they be removed from the shelves. No, since all you have to do is ignore it or not pay attention to it, it shouldn't bother you too much. Most people probably think something is funny, like something that happened on the news recently and was published in a newspaper or put on the internet. For example, @LOCATION1's story that's been in the news for the past week, people think it's awesome that he's finally found and killed. If people find it offensive, it's probably because they didn't know what he did, or he wasn't around when it happened. If they remove objectionable content, then we will have nothing interesting to read. If someone finds a racist movie, don't watch it, just put it back and look for something else like a romance or a comedy. Everyone can laugh once in a while. For music, if your friend recommends something to you, first check on the internet to see if it does any good, if not, tell them no and you find it offensive. If they are real friends then they will understand and may compensate you with something else. Magazines, as far as I know, there is nothing objectionable about them. The only thing is that there are some pictures, gossip, facts and some stories that might interest you. There may be some things in the book that you find offensive, but if you like this book very much, you might as well read it. If you find a book that you really like, read it carefully or check it on the Internet to find out what it is about. Of all the books I've read, I've found none of them objectionable, they're all good books, I might read them again if I wanted to, but I won't because I'm lazy. Newspapers are fun to read and probably contain little offensive remarks. Some may be associated with blacks or Mexicans, or something like that. Well, I haven't read such a book, but, I've heard a few things about it. There may be more offensive caricatures or gimmicks in the newspaper than anything in the newspaper. I think if you find something objectionable, just ignore it and move on to something else instead of raving about it, because that's not going to do any good at all.
There are a lot of things that people find offensive these days, in magazines, books, movies, cell phones, in many different places on the internet, and even some words in songs. Some people find it so offensive that they think they should be able to remove the offensive material from themselves. One of the big things for parents in this situation is, what if my child gets the hang of this? I don't want them to read this! What if it ruined their childhood? Honestly, if you don't want your kids to read these things or see these pictures, then why bring them to these places too? In the case where they do get it, then sit down with them and talk to them about it so they understand that it's something they shouldn't be attached to. Furthermore, if everyone takes away from the ego what they deem out of place, then we have nothing to read, listen to, or watch. Many times, one thing that someone finds funny can be endlessly offensive to another. For example @PERSON1 might find something very interesting, but @PERSON2 might find something very annoying. This will lead to many debates or communities. However there is another reason this won't work well and is not a good idea. If that happens, kids will grow up thinking it's a simple world. The world is harsh and never easy. Children learn a lot through media. As long as we have positive role models explaining to kids that what they see in some media is wrong and that they shouldn't be involved, so why delete it? If people were able to do that, the community would have more crime out of anger, we would have nothing to see or see, and kids would be living very confused lives not knowing what to expect from the media. So now I ask you, what do you think
In my opinion, I think the reader should allow the book if the material such as the book offends the reader. Because other readers may just not read it. The same goes for music, movies, magazines, or anything else just because you think it's offensive, so it's not right to take it from @NUM1 should come out and vote or discuss the issue. I don't think it's right for us or the rest of the world and then look at how much effort the author put in, I've never written a book, but I also know it's not easy to do. For example, my family and I wanted to go out to eat, but we weren't going to eat, so everyone was thinking about pizza, but my brother wouldn't, so we went out to eat that night because of one's dent instead of not now Fair is it. So in my conclusion, I don't think its wood can take some away because some people funding it would offend you, you just have to look at other worlds you just came across because it's a no-brainer for the rest of us correct.
Even if @MONTH1 finds some material objectionable, the content of the library should be filled with all kinds of material. Just because someone @MONTH1 finds the material objectionable, does that mean we're just ignoring the topic and forgetting about it altogether? Some topics at @MONTH1 are hard to talk about, read or even think about, but that doesn't mean we should ignore them. @MONTH1 One difficult topic to read is sexually transmitted diseases. You often see people walking through the library, skimming the aisles, and occasionally opening a book to see what it's about, but when they come to the STD section, they're just passing by and being watched uncomfortably to the inside area. This is not a topic people usually read for fun, but everyone should be aware of it. There are many such topics that everyone should know about, even if you think it won't affect you. Another reason to keep all the books in the library is to know the history. Some of the history of @MONTH1 is creepy and totally crazy, but we should be aware of these things and not forget them. For example @CAPS1. It was a very dark period in history. More than 6 million people died because only one person didn't like what they believed. It's hard to read at times, but you should know what happened in the past, no matter how frustrating it was. We should take care to prevent similar incidents from happening again. People have different preferences for music. There are many different types and styles of music. Some music @MONTH1 offends other people, but does that mean you should get rid of it at the library? The library should always have a wide variety of different music. People often want to broaden their musical knowledge there, and libraries are the perfect place to do that. Everyone is different. We never like the same things. Getting material from a library to avoid the subject doesn't stop someone from finding that information. If people want information and can't find it in the library, they're likely to find another way to get it. The diversity of books, music, films and magazines makes the library a place to learn new things, no matter the subject.
You watch a movie on TV that you and your friends watched in theaters. Y'all love this movie, just as it was getting close to the best part, TV skipped that part because people thought that scene was inappropriate. Censorship is good, but sometimes overly restrictive when it comes to movies, music, and books. Some popular movies end up on TV to entertain viewers, @CAPS1 Some movies have scenes that are a little out of place, even if it's not that objectionable, but the TV company removes it. Also, if there's bad language in the movie, they'll take that word out and replace it with another word that doesn't make sense with what the movie is trying to say. Censorship tends to ruin movies that most people love. Television companies even censor historical films. If it's a historical film, it shouldn't be censored because it's divorced from the true story. Music is another frequently censored item. For music, if there is a bad word, the word is skipped or beeped, which makes the song sound weird. Most songs are censored because parents don't want their kids listening. I don't think music should be censored just for little kids. If parents don't want their kids to hear those words, they shouldn't let their kids listen to that kind of music. Books are often censored or even banned in schools. Not many kids read books these days, so if they decide to read, we should let them read what they want because reading helps the brain. Some schools ban books because of inappropriate language. It's not fair because some are beautifully written but children can't read because of the language. Also, some books are censored for being overly detailed when it comes to certain scenes involving sex and crime. Some books are too good to be banned. There seems to be a lot of censorship in this world. We should have censorship, but not so strict when it comes to movies, music and books.
The purpose of the library is to be a place filled with all kinds of different types and types of materials. Many of us go to the library because we're looking for something special, not just browsing. Although some of the material that one needs to research at the library @MONTH1 is deemed unsuitable for certain audiences, it is still a useful resource for others. This @MONTH1 includes getting information on research papers, renting a movie you need to see at school, or finding a certain type of book to read. By removing certain books, music, movies or magazines from shelves, we limit the amount of material people can borrow. At many schools, students are required to write research papers. Valid topics for a high school research paper @MONTH1 include information that is not suitable for all populations. A student @MONTH1 wrote a research paper on the effects of a drug on an individual. Just because a student chooses the topic, doesn't mean he or she supports it. Some adults @MONTH1 say that information about drugs should not be on library shelves because it @MONTH1 contains material they consider graphic, but students see these materials only as a resource for educational purposes. I read @ORGANIZATION1 and @PERSON1 in my freshman year. We also watched the film to better understand the differences between our different periods. There is death and violence in the film, as well as brief scenes of nudity. Many would even consider this great work of literature an inappropriate movie. The film helps us understand what was going on at the time. We're mature enough to see what the movie really looks like through the graphics scene. If the move is taken off the shelf, some people won't fully understand the story because they can't imagine it. Sometimes we just want to read a good book. Many teens gravitate towards the Young Adult section because it contains age-related material. Many of the books in this section @MONTH1 contain works with dark or graphic themes that are not suitable for younger children. If we removed books from this section because they were censored, fewer teens would end up reading. Certain books provide escape for some teens, and @MONTH1 even helps them face or deal with problems in their own lives. If libraries start censoring books, we @MONTH1 will have fewer readers over time. Instead of censoring books, censor the people who read them. If parents don't want younger children to read a topic, then they should keep them away from that material. Libraries can put age-approved marks on certain books, allowing only certain age groups to read them. Book authors should not be penalized for taking books out of the library for what they choose to write. Regardless of what a person is reading for, they should choose what material the book contains.
There are thousands of books in the library, some out of place and some out of place. But libraries have a lot to learn, like reading for fun, reading newsletters, or just looking for random information. Libraries are where we refer when we need to find historical moments, animals, or anything else. We need all books because they teach us about the past, they have a purpose, and we become wiser. I believe that all books in the library have a purpose. They @MONTH1 are disgusting, but they teach us a lot. For example, there are books out there that talk about @CAPS1. For some, @MONTH1 is a touchy subject, some may find it offensive, but if we don't have these books to learn from, we'll make the same mistakes we did back then. Books can teach us a lot about the past, and we can learn a lot from books, and then anywhere else in the world. I also think that all books have a purpose. Whether they are fiction or non-fiction. You @MONTH1 ask "what's the purpose of fiction books?" @CAPS2, fiction books have a purpose because they teach us to really use our imaginations, quite a few books lead us to believe that a character's struggles may be related to real life Someone struggles with the same. And the most important reason is because fiction not only grabs our attention, but also our childrens attention. Fiction books are the first books children know how to read, and this is where they start their reading skills. The last reason I think "offensive" books shouldn't be taken off the shelves is that all books make us smarter. We have learned a lot from various books. Another example is that @CAPS3 books may be as "offensive" as @CAPS2, but if we don't have them, we don't have smart doctors. The last reason I don't agree with removing books if they're not for everyone is that people who want to learn something won't be able to because what they want to learn might offend others. I mean, we'd pretty much tell that person they couldn't learn something new because other people thought it was offensive. Everyone has a different view of what may or may not be offensive. But why do we take books, magazines, movies, etc. off the shelves? Just because we don't like it doesn't mean we have to delete it. Everyone has different tastes and we can never agree on anything. But taking books off the shelf is not fair to anyone. Yes, they @MONTH1 don't fit other people, but when we don't like something, don't we just turn to what we like? yes we do so we should do the same with books
No, I don't think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from themselves if they are found to be offensive. Below is a statement on why I believe this. First of all, I think if you're reading, listening, or watching this, please don't read the part that offends you. If you think it offends you, then why are you reading it? If you think this offends you, drop it and forget about it, you don't have to read or watch it. I think if you're reading or watching it, it's your own fault if you're offended by it. Anyway, when has anyone written something offensive recently? Like I said before, if you're reading or watching or whatever, it's your own fault, @CAPS1 pointed out that when one of you says you're offended, you just get rid of that thing and rip it out of our lives. Well it stopped today I am writing today to stop people who are ruining other people's lives by getting rid of what other people love to do. If you think you should deprive us of the joy and enjoyment of doing these things, do so, but remember what you are taking from people who love reading about all these things. If you get rid of the books that make us happy, none of us will leave anything on the shelf. I wrote about things in this paper that should be ignored. I've also written that if you do take away the simple things we love to read, think of you taking away from those who read or hear or see those things. In the order I said, good night.
Libraries @CAPS1't Remove Books @CAPS2 I want to start the story by stating that I don't think libraries should remove offensive books. If a book is objectionable, that's not a reason to take it off the shelves, we're watching a movie at school today showing @LOCATION1's slave-owning past. I myself don't believe it's fair to show a movie about slavery in a school, but we can't have a book that doesn't actually show us anything, just tells us what happened. In my opinion, a book is less innocuous than watching a show on the subject. A movie can show more detail in it, then a book can, so I say leave the book where it is. Don't try to shut down the author because you don't like what they write, they probably make more sense in the book and then you can see. Read on, you never know how the story will play out. Just like don't judge a book by its cover. We @CAPS1 don't take away a book someone might like. Someone might hate this book, but because they hate it, will you stop reading it? I don't think it's right to delete something because someone might not like what it says. I see a lot of things every day that I don't like, but I don't try to change everything. This is life as I know it, there are a lot of offended people in this world, and it's not going to change anytime soon, not for me or anyone. Unless they have laws against offending. I can see someone in the band saying something offensive to someone, but we can't help but sell his CD because someone might like what he said in that song. Or I don't like a lot of shows and/or movies on TV, but I don't try to get the station off, I just change the channel. It should be said that someone in the bookstore saw an objectionable book and they should look away. Don't try to turn it off. All I can really say is that it doesn't tell you what I would do because I don't read much so I don't think they are offensive. So I can't tell you I won't get mad, but I'll still put the book down and stop touching it.
I will talk about books, music or even magazines that should be removed from the library if found offensive. In my opinion, I don't think books, music, movies or magazines should be taken off the shelf if they are found to be too offensive to some people. Because not everyone has the same interests. First of all, I don't think these items should be removed from library shelves because people don't like them because they are offended. But people who liked the item would say like definite @CAPS1 they might buy it. However, people who don't know about @CAPS2 will also be offended and want it taken off the shelf. Another example could be a book. What if a person doesn't like what he/she reads and is offended. They'll return the book, don't want to sell it anymore, and won't mention it to a friend. But another person comes along, chooses the same book, and likes the book he/she has read, that person might recommend it to a friend. The same goes for magazines. What to do if a person is offended by an ad. One person likes it and returns it, and then another person comes along who is offended by it and doesn't like it, it shouldn't stop selling for that particular person. In conclusion, I don't think anything in a library should stop being sold just because a person is offended. They should look at the item first.
Books are books we have all read, summaries of them. Find out what we need to know in the past or in the future, or mostly what is happening in our lives today. So we shouldn't be like magicians taking books off the shelves. They may have information to tell people around the world. That's why people make books and magazines so that people like us can read them when they're not busy with life or just relaxing. People always read bad things in books or magazines, that's what life is about, because there are some good things in life and some bad things to read. I mean, hey, if you don't want your kids to read them than they don't read at all. Because the older they get, the more they know what's going on in life. Some things suck, like you can't really stop them. When living there at that age, one discovers some how or the other. Because some schools have a lot of reading to talk about the good stuff that might be important for the future. School is mostly why kids know what they know now, because you have all the history lessons. Talk about slavery and all the other bad things. When kids speak up in class, they're in trouble. So if they are having trouble in class then why are you teaching it or even saying it. History lessons are very helpful because they teach you about all the different wars. This has already happened, who invaded other countries or states. They help find places on the map. This shows all of the Walde states and countries, even where we live in our country. So, if other people read them, why are you really taking them off the shelf. Mainly why you're doing it because other people work very hard and have time to make books. Then post them to you so you can take them off the shelf. What if you write something bad and they want to do it to you. What's the harm anyway
Books have been banned for as long as people can remember. Whether it's a time of war or religious restrictions, it's always seen as something negative, so it shouldn't be any different today. While @MONTH1 is less extreme, content such as books or movies, music or magazines should not be removed from library shelves based on the opinions of others. It is a right to be able to obtain the information provided by these materials. No material should be removed from the public library due to censorship. Some @MONTH1 think some of @MONTH1's material offends other groups of people, but who can judge another person's feelings. Write or produce material to show the author's feelings and how they wish to portray their feelings or knowledge. Authors are just taking advantage of their freedom of speech. The public is responsible for how the information they receive is used. It's still a piece of history, and it's recorded for a reason. Religion is always a hot spot when it comes to censorship, but it's not in our constitution. Religious freedom includes how we interpret and study our religion. Most have holy books and writings. Many people express their religious beliefs through music and culture. The public has the right to access these materials. In rare cases @MONTH1 needs to keep the limit but only based on age. However, this does not limit the public, but gives parents the right to review what information their children have access to. In the case of pornographic content, vulgar images or distributions that are not suitable for children, age restrictions can be increased for certain types of material. In this way, information is never fully censored. It's not right to tell people what they can or don't know. Allowing all information to be shared freely is part of our national fabric. Reviewing these materials is not and never will be the answer. Although, the age limit @MONTH1 is the answer for young citizens, the material is not taken away from the public. Whether @MONTH1 is called banned or censored, it's a negative thing and shouldn't be part of our public library system.
Should Libraries Have Censorship? People think there should be, some people think it doesn't matter. I don't think there should be, because maybe some people like those books. I have three reasons why censorship should not be done. My reasoning is that people like certain books and should be able to get whatever they want in the first place. Second, libraries should be able to put whatever they want on their shelves. Third, if you don't like what the book says, don't buy the book. The library has a lot of books to choose from, and you can choose which ones you want to view. Libraries don't need to review their books because some people may want them. Everyone has their own preferences for the type of books and music they like. Censorship doesn't allow them to get what they want and it drives them crazy. There are various genres of books and music around, some of which are more powerful than others. Some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it. Libraries and entertainment stores are people who buy books and music, not you. Libraries are free to take any books they want and put them on their shelves. If you don't like what some book or music says, buy what you like. There is no rule that you have to get a certain kind of music. Some people like the genre of music called rap, and it does have some powerful language, but it's your choice to listen to it. Stores just make money by putting products on the shelf, not making you mad at what you say about the product. There is a section on the shelf stating what type they are. People who want to get a feel for the language in the book shouldn't check it out. You have the right to ask what certain music, books or movies are like, and the movie has a score for the case. Music and movies have ratings that tell you how strong the language is in your case. People can't say to monitor it when it tells you everything in the movie or @CAPS1. Libraries and shops usually mark what type of section they are. This can tell you where the uncensored sections are. You can stay away from these sections if you find them objectionable. Libraries shouldn't censor books and entertainment stores there shouldn't censor all music and movies. It's your choice to get what's not theirs. People can stay away from areas they find objectionable. Everyone should be able to get what they want, even if it might offend others.
Have you ever watched some movies that you don't want your kids to watch with you? What are you going to do when this problem occurs again and again? Are you just telling your kids to close their eyes and cover their ears? Well, I really don't think this should happen to you. I think you as a parent or adult should be warned about certain behaviors in the movie. Even with you, you don't approve of your kids watching, and I'd say that's totally wrong. So I say we deserve some extra warning that these inappropriate behaviors are showing up in the movie. Parents should be able to know which types of shows are suitable for that age group of viewers and which are not. So wrap it all up nicely and sweetly. Just make some sort of label stating that there might be something or any item in the movie, like books and magazines. Parents may feel that some things are not suitable for children to watch or read. If the people who make these products do so, it will be easier for parents to do the right thing for their children
I think libraries should just be books, because that's what they're made for. Why put books in libraries if we start putting movies in libraries. I think it should be one of them. If the movies are in the library, I think people will get more movies than the books, think about what if you put the music in the library as well. I do think of a magazine as a book. Movies should stay in the movie store of the movie theater. Not in the library. Music should stay on the radio or in the store, not the library. If people start putting movies and music into libraries, people will lose interest in books. I think they're trying to put technology into the library, and I'm not for that. If there was music and movies in the library, they wouldn't need books, and people would stop buying them. We need books, they are the oldest but most vivid way of expressing ourselves or telling stories. But now they want movies or music.
Censorship, I'm going to discuss the topic of censorship today. Do you think censorship is a good thing or a bad thing? I'll list a few ways I think censorship is bad, and why it's good. The first thing I'm going to talk to you about is how bad it is. The bad thing about censorship is that it easily offends people. Most people can handle a lot of abuse, but on the other hand, many can't. In my opinion, I think it's good to say something offensive because that's how a lot of people find humor. Like political cartoons. They make fun of @CAPS1 and many others in the office, but you can't see them complaining. In my opinion, if you don't like it, don't read it. That's all you have to do, and then it won't bother you again. But on the other hand, I can see that some people will be offended. Because some things are very mean in books and movies. I think there should be some type of line that separates fare from good enough lines. Most people can live with it, but others can't. For example @CAPS2, there is a lot of @CAPS2 in @LOCATION1, especially in this time period. Wherever you go, there is always some kind of @CAPS2. In conclusion, I think people need to come together and draw the line before they go any further. Now some things need to be taken off the shelves, but not everything
Books, movies, magazines, music, and most importantly, life. We all know what is wrong and what is right. Every school is different. Some schools have restrictions on their books, like if you're two years old, reading something like @PERSON1, it's not appropriate. If you're 16 and reading a book by @PERSON2, that's too inappropriate for their age limit. Every age is different, so you won't find some 43-year-old homeless on the street reading "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS1" by @PERSON2. Most likely, he'll read a mystery book, or a book for someone his age, not five. Books shouldn't be banned because some elementary school mom doesn't want her seven-year-old to read "@CAPS4". Just because some mothers want it banned, doesn't mean it should be banned. Get smarter and see what your child is reading and shouldn't ban other children from reading just because you don't want your child to read it. Don't we all agree that music is life? Not everyone has to hear and sing, nor do they have to listen to opera. Don't you see that there are music artists in our world who depend on music? So why ban rap just because it talks about killing, drugs and drinking. I said who cares? Don't listen to it if you don't like it, doesn't mean you have to ruin it for others. I love all kinds of music, so nothing should be banned. In my opinion I hate Christian songs, I think they are too slow and talk about @CAPS5 a lot, but that doesn't mean I should ruin it for other people, just because I hate it. Everyone is different and no one is the same. Music helps me get through life and I know it can help you get through yours too and it shouldn't be banned. Movie, movie, movie! Video games, video games, video games! We all love hugging and watching movies together, but not all movies are for us. Movies have ratings like video games. Ratings show verses suitable for 12 and 25 year olds. Adults are likely to play games rated @CAPS6 and watch movies rated @CAPS7. Toddlers around the age of six play @CAPS8-rated games and watch @CAPS9-rated movies. As you can see, everyone is different, especially when it comes to these things. Movies rated @CAPS7 often have gore, pornographic themes, strong language, and things that kids shouldn't watch. That doesn't mean it should be banned, maybe blocked in your home, but not banned. In my opinion, I don't think all movies, books, music, video games, etc. should be banned. It just should be watched carefully to see whose hands it fell and whose eyes were watching it. We should be responsible enough to choose materials for ourselves. No one should tell me what not to read or watch: unless I am a young man. Then the material should be supervised by my parents.
Library review? This could be a good thing or a bad thing. Is it really that big for kids to see something bad in a book? Do authors remove their books from the library? Library review isn't as necessary as most people think. Today's kids know a lot and are smart about certain subjects. I understand parents don't want their kids to read books that contain drugs, @CAPS1, sex, etc. They will have to learn about it at some point in their lives, though. They might as well start now. In any case, most of the time young children are not even interested in reading such books. If you review all the books in the library, some students will have trouble with projects where their @MONTH1 needs these kinds of books. Suppose I need a book on "@CAPS1" for a project I'm doing in the @CAPS2 class. If these books are censored, then I won't have any source to get information from. On the other hand, I see why adults would want these books to be censored. No parent wants their child to come home from school to talk about sex and drugs they read in school books. If I were a parent, I would worry about myself. If this is a big deal for some adults, what do their kids do when they see the same thing about condoms on TV ads, and ads telling them to use drugs / @CAPS1. At least there are books that are teaching you about the drug and how dangerous it can be for you. If one author pulls their book off the shelf because they don't want their children to read, all authors can do the same. This could mean that we don't have anyone's books on our shelves. Books are the key to learning! We need to keep all books in the library, no matter how explicit they are. If parents don't want their kids to read these books, they should sit down and talk to their kids about not picking up these books. Yes, I've seen people pick up those books and start making jokes about them, but that's what kids do when they're immature. You have to expect this from kids now. We need them to learn no matter how bad their information book is
No, I don't think books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelf if found objectionable. Books help people in many ways. Music can help people find their activities in a number of ways. Magizines also help people do what they are supposed to do. The reason I say books help people is because it promotes a kind of knowledge to understand things better. It also has a stronger vocabulary than before. Last but not least, it helps people become more focused, and when I say what I mean, it allows you to understand how to focus on the main idea of the book and the whole concept. When people read and they don't understand what they're reading, they go further and try to understand the words they misunderstood, which is good because you'll learn more than you think. Music is also a great thing to use because it calms people down during a stressful long day at work, school, doctor, etc. Music can also help you understand your creativity, which means you want to do more things like dance, sing, and some even start drawing. When I'm tired and I've had a long day, I like to go home and lie down and listen to music, that's because I feel relaxed and at peace. Last but not least, the magazine. Magizines gives you a ton of information @MONTH1 is looking for. Just say you're looking for a recipe and you don't have a computer and you have a magazine, you can look at the magazine and see when the recipe is valid and who wrote it. Also, if you want to order something like shoes, clothes, perfume, lotion and even some household items if needed. When I read magazines, I like to order shoes, or even just compare the prices of store bought items or the prices of magazines. When looking at magazines, you can expect many different things. So take my advice and give it a try, because sometimes what you're looking for might be right there in your library. All of these sad books, music and magazines are very helpful to you and anyone else. Books are very helpful in prose etc. Music is very useful when you're at the workplace, etc. after a long day. Magazines are pretty self-explanatory when it comes to food, clothes, shoes, topics, essays, cars, houses, etc. When you have questions or concerns or even doubts, you can go to your nearest personal library to borrow or read books, magazines or listen to a little music. All of these things will help, all you have to do is accept and take advantage of the free information provided to you. All of these things can help you to some extent
Some people shy away from all kinds of people. So how does it make a difference if someone writes a book that other people don't like? It doesn't matter if someone disagrees with someone else's opinion of a book because someone else might like his or her book. Having books, music, movies that someone doesn't like, magazines, etc. is just a part of life you ask me. So I think it's a good thing in the world to have books that some people don't like. If people really care about what other people write or say to others, it will tell you if people are going to go out and see what's going on in the world. There is one thing people should keep in mind when writing an article about movies, and even in your new local paper, some of the articles published in movies and newspapers can sometimes be said to be a little too much. I do believe there should be a line about what you can and can't write in a book, and I think that should be at his best judgment. Why some people complain about everything they should be told is because they know what he or she is saying is very true and they don't want others to know if something bad or tragedy happened to them in the past, be it in their family Bad things happened to me, but I don't think if someone was willing to talk to this person, they wouldn't be so mad at someone for telling the truth to the public. Well, you've heard what I said about the store, I think people get mad at other people for what they say, and I'm sure what you're saying is very true, we do have a freedom in this country.
At first glance, censorship seems like a good idea! It allows parents to closely monitor their children without actual monitoring. Thus, library censorship creates the possibility for every book to be removed from shelves around the world. There are many problems with the idea of censorship. It generates objections as opinions are divided and the author is completely and thoroughly offended. Censorship is a shame and should not be enforced in libraries. People have different criteria when it comes to determining the level of aggression. If a 50-year-old @CAPS1 woman reads a violent book with some curse words and pornography, she might consider it offensive. Likewise, if a 21-year-old, careless man reads the exact same book, he might like its content. This disagreement poses a huge problem in allowing libraries to review their options. I don't think it's fair to delete some books that readers will love. Rather than ban certain texts entirely, why not move them to another part of the library? Libraries may take some time to sort books, and books they deem objectionable may go into a separate section of the library. This part can be a single shelf or the extreme of a separate room or area enclosed by curtains. Either way, getting rid of books entirely because of the content is a terrible idea. Authors may suffer losses due to censorship actions. They put a lot of time and energy into writing books and novels. Some have spent years trying to perfect their masterpieces. Magazines and movies offer the same amount of time, but they also get unimaginable amounts of money. It would be offensive to these writers, directors and producers if they took their particular product off the shelf. They may reduce sales, which will also lead to less money. The idea is simply unfair. Librarians have the right to show what they choose, but it would be ridiculous to ask them to remove products they think are great. I think censorship is a terrible idea. If the library should ban anything, it should be the review itself!
Have you ever seen a crazy person walking around saying strange or unique theories? Everyone is different and has their own views on what they think is right. It's okay to have different beliefs, but that doesn't mean people shouldn't seek to understand others. I believe library reviews are important, but people need to seek to understand each other more, not be so stubborn, and look at it from a different perspective, so that people can get along more easily. Many different materials can be found in the library, some more censored than others. Many times, books or magazines are censored because they depict strong ideas and theories. People have a voice, so they should be able to show others what they believe, but they need to make sure that showing what they know doesn't hurt anyone. Explicit movies and music are very detrimental to the quest for understanding. They are nice due to the rating system, but still very ignorant of others. Many people simply take what others think the wrong way. People have a hard time seeing things from a different perspective, so they can cause trouble. If people seek more understanding, then the conflict of different beliefs will be less common. When people have different viewpoints, they can better understand various viewpoints. Some people are just stubborn. They choose to believe only their own ideas and refuse to listen to others. Stubbornness is the opposite of seeking understanding. If people were less stubborn, they could see more perspectives and be more aware of the feelings of others. When people are stubborn, it is difficult to get along with others, and it is difficult to get along well with others. In conclusion, I do think censorship is important, but I think why we censor things is just as important. If people had more understanding of others, then we could have more scrutiny of the things that annoy others. We also reduce censorship for those who just want to spread their ideas out there. People get along better if they seek understanding, seek a different point of view, and are less stubborn
I understand how some people at @MONTH1 are offended by something they @MONTH1 watched or may have read, but that doesn't mean others shouldn't be able to know about it just because one person doesn't like it. As to whether it's offensive or not, that's a matter of opinion. I myself have never actually read or seen anything that is completely unnecessary. In almost every movie or music album they make, they rate it so you know who should watch the movie and who shouldn't. If the movie was made with some sort of objectionable part, they're giving it a rating that, yes, they're some rude language or something. So just because someone didn't read it carefully to see that they might not like them in a movie shouldn't prevent other people from seeing that movie. Personally, I don't think books are the greatest thing, but I'm sure some books or magazines do tend to contain rude or rude things, but it's not always scary. If anyone thinks @MONTH1 this book is not for certain readers, then they can tell the head of the library that maybe they should only let certain people read that book because of the content. You shouldn't throw a book off the shelf just because one or two people have a bad opinion of it. If it was my choice whether to take movies, books, magazines, etc. off the shelf, I wouldn't. I say this because of @PERCENT1's time, stuff has been rated or somehow approved for general store shelves. People can simply read the details on the back to see if it doesn't bother them in some way, or it might be objectionable and they shouldn't buy it. If someone complained about a new cd or movie I personally wanted to see or listen to and it got taken down, I would be upset because it doesn't offend me at all. So no, I totally disagree with the idea that movies or books and music have to stop being sold because its content offends two or three people
I believe that certain material, such as books, music, movies, etc., should not be removed if found offensive. The library has different sections for different groups like young @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 sections, simple kids or pictures and @CAPS1. The Young @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 section is geared towards teens. They have books that teenagers usually read. The @CAPS2 section has music for teens. For @CAPS4, they have the Twilight soundtrack. This part does not have any explicit language. Teenagers who go into libraries actually enjoy the selection of books that are offered to them. It has everything most teens love to read. There is nothing offensive in this section and should not be removed. There is also a section for children called the Easy or Coloring Book section. This section is for younger children. Children who are not in school or early in school. The books, music and movies in this section are all cartoon animals. Something kids want to read, listen to or watch. For @CAPS4, this part has films like Strawberry Shortcake, Arthur, and even lilo and Stitch. Everything in this section is made for children and there is not a single thing in this section that a child or parent would consider offensive. The library has an adult area. The @CAPS1 section can catch the eye of an adult. It's separate from the @CAPS2 and Children sections. It's at the other end of the library. If @CAPS1 thinks something is objectionable, they have the right to talk to someone who works in the library. Most adults have no problem with the items in their section. The library has what adults want to find in the adult section. It won't have what little kids want. The entire library is divided into different sections. It's easy for kids to read to them, and it's easy for adults to do the same. I named only a few, but each age group library has a specific location. If something is found to offend people, I don't think it should be removed as it might just be in the wrong part. Libraries take great precautions against censorship of their books, movie music, etc.
When people think of the library they imagine this cold place and the crazy old man telling you the quiet scene. Or they just imagine the book everywhere. But today's libraries are vastly improved in terms of music, movies, etc. and progress. When I was younger, I never really liked libraries because they seemed boring to me. That's why I didn't read well until sixth grade either because I found the library to be actually a cool place. They do different things like look up books, music or movies, and you can check out the library. Or sometimes you may have magazines that you can also look at. Then there are people in the library who don't like it because of music, movies, etc. The reason for this is because of the habit of being very quiet in the library, without children and teenagers. That's why the faithful and those who go to the library produce new attacks on the library every day. When it all boils down to this topic, I think To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 because this is a crime book about the treatment of blacks by whites at the time. I say it because the old traditions in the library are like the white people in the story, and the new things in the library are like the black people abandoned by the white people. Then in the book, a little girl settles her differences and knows what's right and what's wrong. That's why I think we should discuss rather than ban or remove things. We can make agreements to keep new ideas in the library. When to keep these ideas maybe we can create a section for new ideas so people don't come to the library so don't get mad
Wherever they go, there is always something they don't know. Either keep them safe, pure or happy. In everyday life, people who break the law go to jail. This is not only a punishment for them, but also to keep them away from other people. It's a lot like what our library is becoming. Books with questionable content will be eliminated. I don't think it should be done. Books are here to inspire people to experience things they could never experience on their own. People should be able to choose their @CAPS5 content, and if it offends them, they can choose to stop reading that book. A lot of times I learned something new from @MONTH1's books that were not my age, but it taught me a valuable lesson. For example, I @CAPS5 a book about a teenage girl having sex, she got pregnant and it ruined her life. Since then, at the age of ten, I learned that I didn't want this to happen to me, so I gave up on adult relationships before getting married. Of course, these libraries should be grouped into different categories, for example: @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 at Your Own @CAPS6. Also, magazines and music. This way, one can go to a specific section and know what to expect from there. It's a lot like movie ratings, where a mom picks up a movie and sees it's rated @CAPS7 and knows her nine year old can watch it, except maybe for a few swear words, kids anyway, in their day-to-day Hear it in life, do parents know. In conclusion, I think literature should not be censored by the people. However, it should be categorized so that people can understand which age group it is best for. People have the right to choose their @CAPS5 books and their @CAPS5 content. Everyone can learn a valuable lesson from any book, depending on how they interpret it.
I believe that if some material is found to be objectionable, it should not be removed from the shelf. The main reason I say this is because there are not only positive things in this world, but also a lot of negative things. It is very important for children to learn and understand what is going on in the world they live in, whether they are good or bad. Sooner or later everyone understands what's going on around them, so it's better to discover it as a child than later in life, because you probably don't have someone there to explain it all to you. I understand that due to some of their poultry nature some age restrictions should be enforced. Although at some point and time before a child reaches adulthood, they should know most of the basics of life, both positive and negative. Children should not be sheltered by young adult stuff at a very young age because they need to know what else is in the world. For example, children should be taught that there are really bad people in the world. If they don't understand bad things can happen to them because they don't know the danger around them because they never understand. When I was young, there was a need to know about someone other than your race or religion, because it's not just your race or religion in this world. We also learned the difference between good and bad choices. If those of us kids didn't know this at a very young age, many of them would be in a very difficult situation today. On the other hand, children also need to learn. For example, let's say you buy a video game for your kids, but make sure you stress to them that killing and shooting isn't something they should be doing in the real world. Make sure you teach them the difference between real and fake. That's the main reason why kids today don't have self-control because they learn from video games. Now on @CAPS1 there are people who are being persuaded by the media to take action just to gain approval. They're promoting sexuality and inappropriate things children learn at a young age, but they need to realize it's there and it sucks. In magazines, they'll destroy celebrities' bodies to make them look like something they're not, rather than make people think they're not good enough. Children should be taught that everything they see, hear and read is not always true or true. The media and materials these days easily know the difference between right and wrong, but they put it out there as if one person is doing it and everyone is doing it. In most cases, until that person knows all the facts about it and can make a decision on their own and on their own time. Children these days are pressured by the media, magazines, and sometimes by their peers. The media tells them to do something that is not necessarily right but popular. You shouldn't teach your kids things like this that make them want to do things without thinking or thinking about what's really going on. With today's magazines, writers make people look like they really didn't make them look good. It's not fair to the reader, the person being exposed, or the author himself. Finally, because of today's peer pressure, kids see something on TV and try it, and then try to get friends to do it, even if they know it's not the right thing to do. I believe children, when they face a delimia like this, should know the right and wrong of the trouble they are facing. If they don't know anything about it, they need to walk away or learn how to say no, no matter how hard it may be. With all that said, I believe that children exposed to any kind of offensive stuff these days should know the meaning behind it. They should also know the correct way to handle it in certain situations. Ultimately, I believe children should know what's going on around them so that when they grow up, they'll know how to fend for themselves and not expect others to tell them what's going on in the world around them.
On @DATE1, there are a lot of rap/hip hop artists. They were all singing songs about gangs, drugs, alcohol and using women for their own good. @DATE1 is something our kids shouldn't be exposed to at such a young age. Some kids know the lyrics to a lot of rap songs. Some parents' parenting skills also reflect whether a child has learned words. I know kids have to be exposed to some things in life. There are other types of music that can handle all the things I listed above. I don't think it's right for young kids to learn these things. How would you feel if your child came to you and asked what a drug was? Or what is alcohol? I also understand that we should give our children a little exposure to the real world and see what they are like, but this can only be done to a certain extent. After that, kids learn too much at such a young age. In my personal opinion, we could let our kids listen to edited versions of songs, or even choose a different genre that doesn't use those themes. For example, country music is very calming to me. I advise people to listen to it because it's very realistic in some ways. I also understand that rap music can also be realistic in some ways. Everyone has a different opinion on what kind of music your child should listen to. I sometimes hear singing music, but I would never let my kids listen to uncensored versions. Magazines also have a lot to do with why kids are so "street" smart these days. Magazines can publish false information so that people believe it. Magazine companies put revealing photos of people on their covers to draw attention. It works most of the time and the kids see it too. They are young so they do what they see others do. This includes looking at magazines with good-looking men or women. Another topic is the upcoming movies in the world of @DATE1. Movies can reveal anything they want. Movies that aren't usually suitable for kids are rated @ORGANIZATION1 will find a way to watch @DATE1 content. A kid could be on the internet and something pops up accidentally. All the ads on the edge of the computer screen are viruses, just waiting for children to click on them unintentionally. These are my strong views on how we should respond to today's society. We need to try to observe what children are listening to and watching. I know we can't observe their every move, but we can do our best to observe what they're doing under close surveillance. thank you for your time!
My take on censorship, I don't believe in censorship of any kind. Books, music and movies should not be censored. When it comes to children, it is the responsibility of parents to choose what they think their children should and should not read, watch or listen to. Taking books, movies and music from oneself is unfair to those who want to read, watch or listen to them or to authors, directors or musical works. People should have the freedom to write as they please, the reader does not have to agree with or enjoy what the author says, but it is his freedom to say it
Katherine Paterson once said, We can all think of a book that we wish our children didnt take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf  I hate this kind of work  then you have the same rights, and so do other people. And then we dont have any books on our shelves for any of us to use. While I understand her message, Im not entirely agree. I believe most things like books, music, magazines etc. should be censored in some cases. One reason I think there should be a review is because the minor @MONTH1 wants to see what @MONTH1 doesn't do for them. First, children often follow what they see. For example, the fashion trends they see on TV. Not everything adults do is unsuitable for young eyes. That's why I think what plays should be censored. Children are influenced by what they see, read and/or hear. Another reason I think there should be censorship is because there's a lot of very explicit behavior in movies, books, magazines, and music today. Violence is the main topic of newspaper articles. For example, most front page content is about war and hostility in the world. It's hard to believe that we ever had peaceful days without any violence. Disrespectful behavior, swearing and rude gestures are not a positive way to keep a more mature character going, it will create a better environment. Because libraries are public, they are open to everyone, so we have to be careful about what we allow on their shelves. Also, censorship is the right thing to do. If we don't, where will it lead us? Do we want our society to be heavily influenced by a bunch of dirty words, violent slogans or jargon? Shouldn't we all want to be treated with respect and general courtesy and avoid promoting outrageous movies, music and books on the shelves of our public libraries for everyone to see. So now you can see why I think things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should have some type of censorship. We don't want all the disrespect in this country, so why make it available in our public libraries? Keep these things separate: adult books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
a. If someone doesn't like what a book, magazine, movie, etc. shows, then they should put it back, don't worry. But they're the ones who make a big deal about this sort of thing. I personally think most people who do this are immature. Because of the nude statues and the way they speak, library censorship can deprive people of some of their historical readings. A lot of old dramas were very erotic, and many people today find them offensive. Sometimes they can't get around inappropriate material. Then they are a lot of people who find these subjects very interesting and love to study it. So by taking these books off the shelves, these people won't be able to study the material, so they'll get upset and complain. There are a lot of inappropriate words in popular music today that would offend most people. But teens and young adults love that music and love to listen to it. Most of the time, they don't listen to the lyrics, but to the beat of the song. Almost all seniors hate this music, don't want to hear it, think it should be banned. What they don't realize is that if it's taken out of the library, they'll be more frustrated and angry than happy. There are a lot of inappropriate ads and pictures in magazines and movies today, but now that's what most people like and want to see. You can't really take anything out of the library because either way they're going to upset a lot of people. Taking all the materials out of the library is likely to reduce the number of visitors to the library, because what they are interested in is no longer theirs, so there is no reason for them to go again. This is likely to happen if books, magazines, movie music, etc. are found objectionable and taken off the shelves
From what I've seen in my life about censorship, they shouldn't take something off the shelf just because of its content. I think libraries should keep these things on their shelves, but separate from other things if they find it objectionable. It's bad enough that everyone is offended by the smallest things that make it hard for everyone else to enjoy it. I don't think we should even censor content because I think it makes people wonder why they censored it in the first place. My personal opinion is that censorship is useless because it ruins everyone because someone is offended. I love the idea of breaking my bones with sticks and stones @MONTH1 but words never hurt because it says if you are offended, get over it. Why your opinion should be on behalf of others. Another reason I think we shouldn't censor things is that censorship is pointless if someone really wants to know that they can always find a way to get it. I also feel that censorship makes people weak because everything is censored, and when people go into the real world, they get hit hard. My conclusion is that they should separate the objectionable stuff and put it in another part of the library. They could also develop a rating system like in video games so you know what's in there. Something as simple as this can make everyone happy because the offended person won't watch what he hates.
I don't think libraries or anyone should be censoring books, movies, music, magazines, etc. Those who take the time to write down all their thoughts and ideas shouldn't be thrown out right away. Those who write those things have the freedom to search and the right to write or say those things. Yes, I've read books that I find offensive or dislike, but I don't think they should be in the library. They're there because some of the other folks at @MONTH1 love that kind of stuff, and there's no reason we should exclude what they love to read from the library that everyone shares and goes to. There won't be anything left in the library because almost everything would be offensive. For example @ORGANIZATION1 et al. People say a lot of bad things about his lyrics and music, but most of his music is about him and his life. He has freedom of speech to write and publish for the world to see and hear. His music is me in his life @CAPS1. In history @CAPS2 because he killed people. He should be taken off the shelf because Jewish @MONTH1 thinks it's offensive, yes it could be, but it gives people an insight into our history and what happened. If we keep that historically aware review, I'll repeat it myself. This is a phrase I've heard many times. So censored or not, I just think they have freedom of speech to write this stuff down and put it in the library for people to learn and educate and entertain themselves. doesn't mean if it offends you, it offends other people
Do you think books, music, movies, magazines and other media materials in libraries should be censored? Why should information and knowledge be kept out of the public eye? Learning is special not only for people who read, but also for humans. There are two arguments for library censorship. I believe that censorship of libraries is not allowed. At @ORGANIZATION1, everyone has the right to free speech. Taking someone's job and blocking it because it's "unorthodox" or "offensive" disenfranchises that person. Also, people go to the library to find something. They seek out knowledge and depriving one of the ability to learn can be detrimental to everyone. When one article is censored, another article is censored, and soon most of the material will be "offensive" and "unorthodox." We will deprive humans of the ability to learn. There are many reasons to support censorship of petty crimes, such as inappropriate language in songs, books, movies and magazines. Also, obscene graphic material in movies and magazines. These are small issues that can be prevented, and censorship can make a clean version. All minor tweaks, easy to make. No need to take the media off the shelf. The material is not serious enough. Subtle adjustments can be made so that people can read, listen or watch. Libraries are built for what people want to learn. Taking it away is very serious.
For me it's bad to delete some music or books because it's not cool because people spend most of their time reading or singing about how they feel. That's what people do, they express or sing about their feelings through what they feel in their bodies, and that's what I don't think they should delete from their music, books, movies. You're going to delete people, and I do things that do what they like to the people they work for, as they say, or you're going to delete people there. People who do this do more than cut it or just see the shanjet. You know it's bad to delete music and books out there because you delete carenos on the wall not just @NUM1 stuff, you delete more stuff than yours. You just get gtham lusen to drop the wan they like or love to sing, or the wan book they think they think it's more than a book or song. I say no because it's what they like to do if you like it than just being a hare and just a shanjet instead of making life better for them by tricking people into accepting them singing or tearing them up life gets better
Go to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I saw a book that I didn't particularly like and put it down. I really don't think it's necessary to attribute all of the books that @MONTH1 offended to a person or group of people to @CAPS1. Whenever I flip through the library, I come across books that are slightly out of place. But, @CAPS2 I see these books and I don't care about them. I just put that book down and continue my search. I can't imagine how difficult book selection would be if we were to purge our libraries of all books that people might find objectionable. Also, there are a lot of people who find @CAPS3 offensive. If we were to remove all @CAPS4 texts from the library, then we would have a hard time passing the words of @CAPS5 to people who don't have access to such literature. While I don't fully agree with many theorists, I'm not asking public libraries to ban their work. I don't like @PERSON1's books on evolution; but because of our freedom of speech, he has every right to write about his findings and beliefs. As you can clearly see, I in no way claim to be open to the thoughts or beliefs of others. But @CAPS2 when it comes to art, I think diversity makes us different. If everyone read the same books, listened to the same music, and watched the same movies, we would have a very boring culture. This is certainly not the foundation upon which this great country was built!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is a collection of books, music and magazines filled with offensive words or obscene themes. However, just because a book or song contains a swear word doesn't mean the book needs to stay out of the public eye. @CAPS2 are many reasons why we shouldn't censor public media. We can't ignore wrongdoing happening in the world; Plus, at @LOCATION1, we have freedom of speech; and finally, if the media is censored, people at @MONTH1 will start to think every little word has an offensive connotation. If a bystander sees someone being abused in a hallway or alley, the bystander cannot pretend that it never happened. If the world never reported accidents, @CAPS2 would be too much crime and terror. Sometimes a book or a movie is like a cry for help, or a way to raise awareness about some wrongdoing in today's world. Most of the time, I've only heard of an event through a movie or book, and I want to know the real story, not the fairy tale version. After all, if the language in some slavery books isn't as vivid as it is, there are people @MONTH1 who aren't as vehemently against slavery as they are. At @LOCATION1, we have freedom of speech. We can express our opinion on any topic and describe it in any way. We should be allowed to say whatever we want, even in our hearts we should know what is right and what is wrong. People should at least be trusted enough to use their conscience. Also, another reason books and other media shouldn't be censored is because people @MONTH1 thought almost every small print at the time was offensive. Then we @MONTH1 According to Kathryn Patterson, "there are no more books on the shelf". Once people are allowed to criticize books or other media, they look for words with negative connotations. If a word is close to objectionable in one's opinion, it is excluded. Then, a lot of words are gone. Of course, some types of media, especially songs and movies, just overflow with obnoxious themes and vulgar language. However, I can choose to watch movies or listen to songs. If I don't like what I hear, I can always switch stations. However, people just can't just delete another person's words from their mouths, no matter how bad it is. We just can't pretend we all live in a perfect world where everyone is polite and caring. If we hear something is wrong in the world today, we need to act. But if we don't understand the full extent of its horror, we may not act. Sincerely, @PERSON2
Everyone loves to watch a movie, listen to some music, and get lost in an interesting book. So everyone should be able to read, watch or listen to what they want and the same content that everyone else is reading, listening and watching. If one is working on a project, there are some things to find or look at. Others are just @MONTH1 entertained by some literature or music. In that case, why censor something in the library that people are interested in, or even researched? Many people like violent writing or gory movies. Reading these things will also make them interesting. So why take away what they love? If libraries take certain books off their shelves, they may take a category of literature that people are interested in. If a library takes a book that 20 people enjoy reading, 20 people don't want to read anything else. People are different in many ways. This includes all kinds of things that humans are interested in. For example, things they are interested in reading. Humans are very different in characteristics, which means they don't like all the same things. Articles, magazines or movies from @MONTH1 are not suitable for schools or libraries, but if it's a subject people love, or someone a project needs, there's no reason to get rid of it. Some books often offend certain groups or races, but this one gets its uniqueness from what it says. Some books were written in an era of racism. That shouldn't make a book worthy of criticism, as that was the way it was at the time. It makes the book feel like living in that era. On the other hand, some magazines write about terrible events and wars, but people find pleasure in reading about these events that are going on in the world. They want to know what is going on across the ocean or even near home. There is no way for someone to know what happened because no one made him or her read the magazine. Authors and writers write these things to entertain those who want to read them. Because of the wide range of interests, there are many different types of writings. People shouldn't take their favorite book off the shelf just to see that the person next to him has found a book he likes. That's just the fare. Libraries should put things people write on the shelf so others @MONTH1 can enjoy them.
When you go to the library, you think it's going to be a place to make a good impact. When you gave your kids them, you didn't expect bad things to happen. Most people go to the library to study or use a computer...but what about everyone else? I went to the library and saw a book that most adults would find offensive, especially if it was black American. The problem is that people also go there to check out books to learn about the old times, it's not meant to offend people. Some books are so irrational that one needs to study and understand the past so that it doesn't happen again. Another problem most people have is adult books, which parents adamantly don't want their children to look at or check. But there's really not much you can do when no one is preventing them from viewing the books. I think libraries should have age restrictions on borrowing certain books. The last thing is that the language in the music is so bad that kids can even check them out without much effort. Most parents protect their kids so they behave well and don't use dirty language, but when they go to the community, listen to anything that causes people problems. Personally, I think it gives the library a bad name and therefore no business. You know, if you're a parent, you really don't want your kids to snatch race, adult books and music, you want the government to take some books and music out of the library. I believe they should vote to see if we can remove or at least put the adult section in the back for books and music. My main point of this post is that they either need to vote on what goes into the library or they need to start reviewing the books and @CAPS1 they put into the library and make it accessible to the community. The advantage of this is that the library will attract more customers, which means the government will make more money
Is this book @CAPS1 @CAPS2? Many of @CAPS2's books are from @CAPS2 and I'd love to take them off the shelf, but one book I'd like to take off the shelf is "To @CAPS3 A @CAPS4". When I read that book, it had a lot of objectionable language and graphics not only in the book but also in the movie. On top of that, neither the movie nor the book is bad. The only good thing about this movie is that @CAPS2 is a bit dramatic, that's all. Another thing that caught my attention was the author repeating the same offensive language over and over. It's like continuing to say the same old saying over and over again. But some how it won awards and is one of the must-haves for high school students. I think the story is generally good, aside from the offensive facts of @CAPS2. Books like this shouldn't be on the shelves if they need to remove offensive language, but obviously people love the book, otherwise it wouldn't have won an award. Obviously "To @CAPS3 A @CAPS4" is a good story, but at the end of the day it might offend a lot of people, I still hear people talking about this book, I read it last year. So in @CAPS7, I think @CAPS2 should be censorship for libraries.
I agree and disagree with the prompt. I think it's great that everyone can take any book off the shelf, listen to any music, watch any kind of movie, or read any kind of magazine. Then I don't think so. First, the reason for consent is because of certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc. @MONTH1 is not suitable for most toddlers. They @MONTH1 use profanity, show nudes, or photograph things kids shouldn't be touching at that age. Most music and movies these days use vulgar language or show people having sex or not wearing appropriate clothing. Also, the way adults at @MONTH1 use these materials can cause many problems for the library. So these are the reasons I agree that certain materials, like books, music, movies and magazines, should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable. Then, on the other hand, I think libraries should keep most of the books, movies, music or magazines on their shelves for everyone to take. I say this because if a kid hasn't experienced what can happen if they use vulgar language or don't wear the right clothes to go out or keep watching adult movies. So if they're exposed to these things at a certain age, it gives them a chance to see what's wrong. I think it would be better if they had a book section instead of taking them off the shelf permanently. All in all, I think it could be a two-way street. However, books, movies, music or magazines that feel offensive should be moved to an area of the library
Hello, I am writing to you today with concerns about my views on library censorship. First off, I think some of the music they play and listen to can be a bit graphic. I know that some of the music being played is depriving others of their feelings. Music should have meaning, not blood and killing, it should be about the better things in life. Secondly, I want to talk about some books that are available in the library. I think if they want adult type material, they should have a section for adults. Reading should be about what you like, but it should also be about what you can read. Next, I want to talk about some of the inappropriate magazines featured in the library. Some magazines are a little too ostentatious for some library-goers. Most of the magazines shown are aimed at adults and teens above a certain age. I believe they should make a section for every age and age group. Finally, I'd like to introduce some of the movies they let people watch. Libraies has a range of pictures for toddlers to read easily. Kids don't need to know any of these types of things at all. Libraries need to know more about the environment there before continuing with what they're doing. In the end, I believe that everyone has a right to a library. I just don't think everyone has a right to have everything a library has. Bad things make bad people, and we must learn to transcend those influences. Libraries need to change some ways and options to make things more successful
"All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves..." Kathryn Patterson said. Books are used to entertain and even teach readers about certain aspects of life. Not all books are offensive, but some are. Those are, and should be taken off the shelf, especially if it's in the school library. Kids can put that offensive or violent book into action. Other children can show the book to other peers. Also, kids can get very angry. Should Offensive Books Be Removed Now? Today's children are greatly motivated. Whether it's through TV shows, video games, or even music. In the news, there were reports that children were affected by guns and hanged. Books are meant to entertain readers in a good way, not teach them to be violent people. Some readers who have read these things can turn these words into actions. Then the student may be in trouble. People really don't want that. Children have a tendency to show off to friends. If students see offensive or violent content in a book, they are more likely to show it to their peers. Just because the kids thought it was cool. Getting one person to read this can be a problem, now imagine more than one person, the whole group seeing this. This can lead to a huge problem, not only for children and their parents, but also for schools. Kids learn these new things from books that kids can use every day and make them pop. Schools may give students a bad image. Passing information can be conflicting, and people certainly don't want that. Schools are not only teaching buildings, but also social places. Every school has factions. Everyone has different skin tones, religions, styles and personalities inside. Children are easily hurt. If a book is offensive, it can easily hurt anyone reading it. Again, books are meant to entertain readers not hurt them. So why do authors even write something offensive in their books? Perhaps the author feels the need to add interest and suspense to the book, but not all readers will take it lightly. It's not fun to hurt people, and people certainly don't want to do it. So why are there offensive books on the shelf? These books can cause children to use it in action, show it off to other peers, and can also hurt them. Today's children are difficult for themselves, why should it be more difficult. Books are meant to entertain readers, so why not. So yes, take those offensive books out and there will be no problem.
Yes, I do think that certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable. The reason I think something should be removed is because some kids don't need to see something. Parents don't always go to the library with their kids there and tell them what they can and can't get. In the school library, they don't really have bad stuff, they only have school-approved stuff. But public libraries have a lot of different things than school libraries. So that's why I think some material should be removed.
Censorship In everyday life, we see things we see fit and should be taken down, but do we have the right to take an item off the shelves to stop the spread of that particular item, and is it safe for the future? Children should not see this material in shops, libraries and bookstores. Most cartoons have violence, in fact almost all cartoons are like that, every conflict is due to violence over something, and kids sit and watch this and don't understand that there's violence in it, understand that it's Not as violent as they see on TV, some shows, movies are not suitable for kids. As with books, kids now start reading newer books based on movies, like Twilight, there's violence in these book series, and if parents have to censor what their kids can or can't read, some of these books Most will be taken off the shelves and will not be viewable by anyone (mostly kids). Showing, reporting and even being told about violence in newspapers, if kids see it, they want to go see if it's still going on and see it, kids' safety is a top priority because we care about them In the future, about what they read, watch and even hear from books, TV, movies and newspapers. All of these reasons are reason enough for parents to censor what their children read, hear and watch every day, even if cartoons show violence, children can watch and enjoy them, but not the violence shown in cartoons And say some of the bad things it says about them.
Should Libraries Remove Objectionable Readings? No, I don't think certain readings should be removed from the library, it's just that @CAPS4 some people find @CAPS5 objectionable. Objectionable material is everywhere. Just because you find @CAPS5 offensive doesn't mean others will. In my opinion, if a person finds something objectionable, they shouldn't watch @CAPS5 or read @CAPS5. A few months ago, I was in the library. I'm trying to find a book to read for an article I have to write. I heard two girls talking. What are they arguing about. I got closer so I could hear it. 'Is @CAPS1 about this? the girl asked. 'This is a really good book! @CAPS5 About these two people who fell in love and their love lives. @CAPS5 goes on to talk about how this man tried to find a woman after the girl he fell in love with died, and his love life after @CAPS6 left. another girl said. "So you said @CAPS5 is about sex?" the first girl asked. '@CAPS2, but only a little bit. Another girl answered. "I'm not going to read this!" said the first girl. '@CAPS3 Why not? The second girl asked suspiciously. '@CAPS4 @CAPS5 Talk about sex! Teens shouldn't read books like this. The first girl replied, "@CAPS5 sent the wrong message." @CAPS6 added. After the girls left, I went to get the book they were talking about. I started reading @CAPS5. interesting. Actually, @CAPS5 is a very good book. The second girl is right. @CAPS5 It's not primarily about sex. @CAPS5 is mostly about the love these two share with each other, @CAPS1 is what this man goes through after his love dies. This got me thinking. Should some reading material be removed because @CAPS5 talks about sex, drugs, murder, etc., or @CAPS4 someone thinks @CAPS5 is offensive? No, @CAPS5 shouldn't. There is objectionable material in real life, @CAPS5 has not been removed. Why remove @CAPS5 from the library? Does @CAPS5 of @CAPS1 matter if @CAPS5 is in the book? There is always something that offends someone. this is life.
Should books, music, etc; be removed from the shelves if found offensive? Well, people have the right to see what they want and hear what they want. Some people think it's wrong to expose objectionable things on the shelf. Some people think it's okay. I guess it all depends on the person and how they feel. Suffice to say I was in the library and I did see something objectionable. Well, the world isn't going to stop and say "hey look @ORGANIZATION1 finds this offensive so let's take it down just to please her". I'm sorry, but that's not how life works. If you don't like looking at it, go the other way. If it were me, I'd worry about more important things, like war or what's going on in my life, than the objectionable things on the shelf. The outside world is big, it's not going to get any smaller, and it's not going away anytime soon. There will always be things in life that we people don't like to see, and maybe it's offensive to hear. Here's what I say to it, get over it. I heard a word at the bait store the other day that I didn't even dare to say, and I hated hearing that word. What can I do to tell an adult not to say that? ...I just rolled my eyes and got on with my business. Should books, music, etc; be removed from the shelves if found offensive? Like I've been saying, there's something going on in a live broadcast that's going to upset you. You have to get over it. Sometimes it's not easy to get over the objectionable things you see, but life is not easy
If I find a book that offends me, I'm going to have to take it off the shelf, because if I find a book that offends me, I know other people will feel the same way. I agree that some books may offend some people and not others, and it's really not appropriate for those who think that way. One of the reasons I put it on that shelf is for your kids to read it. Parents really don't want their kids to read books about violence and murder. Most of the content I'm going to take down has to be about people being another person or person who is a racist agent. People kill others and have sex. People really shouldn't read stuff like this because it puts things in their heads and sometimes makes the same thoughts as the author. If kids read books about violence and sexuality, they might think it's okay to do these things to other people and get in a lot of trouble with the law and their parents. Kids really need to stay away from these kinds of books, tell their older kids and understand what's right and what's wrong. Some books have a lot of curses in them, a lot of kids learn the words and start using them, and more and more people tell it has become a habit. Even if some books are of real people, they should be taken off the shelves. There's a lot of malice in some of these books, and kids shouldn't be exposed to that kind of books. Books can sometimes be worse than good books. If everyone had a way, and could take a book that offended them from the shelf at any time, there would be no books.
If a person wants to delete books, movies, music, magazines and exetra, they will do so if they feel it offends others. I hope they don't, but if so they feel compelled to take things off the shelf. They feel that if someone can find something objectionable, then they will feel OK to say or do what they read or hear. It also makes sense not to do what people have written about. The author wrote things to give us an idea and to give us an idea of what was okay at the time, because the story was okay in this situation at the time. Most people take things seriously these days, mostly because we have lawsuits and condemnations and stuff like that. If anyone can find something to complain about, they will. If there was a book about the day when @CAPS1 had slaves, and if there was a name for them it wouldn't be great. Then someone complains that it's frivolous, there's going to be an argument about it, and the writer will probably slack off and have to change that word to something else. People don't know how much this happens, it happens a lot in books. Movies are a whole different thing, and what happens on movies is now spared, mostly because they have the money to get away with it. @CAPS9 @CAPS2, @CAPS2 @NUM1 and @CAPS4 for a reason. @CAPS2 is for children under the age of @NUM1. Although there may be many things in the movie. @CAPS2 @NUM1 There are probably more things that can be scary in some way and sometimes sexual, but they don't show them all. There may also be villons and some swaring not many. @CAPS9 @CAPS4 This is a whole new level where they can have anything they really want and a little more than @CAPS2 @NUM1 they have more graphics than @CAPS2 @NUM1. Sometimes they have to choose between @CAPS2 @NUM1 and @CAPS9 @CAPS4, depending on the graph. Music is another story entirely, depending on what kind of music you like: @CAPS11, @CAPS4 and @CAPS13, @CAPS14, @CAPS15, @CAPS16, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS17 and exedra. Although they talk about sex and will. Now all of them are talking about drugs and @ORGANIZATION1 talking about @ORGANIZATION1. Some people talk about more things, but most of them are what they talk about. If the perents don't want the kids there to listen to it, they won't listen to it. There are still some ways to accept it. Most radio stations they can't turn on the radio, but they just cut it off. There are some ways to get the uncensored version, but that's on a @CAPS18, @CAPS19 or @CAPS20 @NUM7 player. There are ways to bypass it. Look, I think it's stupid to take something like this away because they'll see or hear it in high school one day. Most teens do things without their parents knowing, and when they start driving, they can do whatever they want. They can also read whatever they want because they can buy the book and read it and hide it. Let's face it, even younger kids find ways to do things their parents don't want them to do. No matter how old they are, if they want bad things, they will find a way to do what they want. I think if a school wants to read something they should let the parents know about it and if the kids can't read it then they can do something else or read something else. Don't just take something off the shelf as several students can read or watch it. You spoil it for kids who want and can, and it's really unfair to other students who can't help their parents won't let them do it. If the parents disagree, try talking to them and telling them it helps them understand. People should also pay attention to what they do because parents should leave their children with babysitters or something.
Offensive Books @CAPS1's point is that books should not be taken off the shelf if they are offensive to a person. Sometimes people get help from books that offend others because someone did something wrong, and @MONTH1 books help others. Everyone should be able to read if they want to read in the library. In a library, everyone should have the right to read every book. The idea of taking books off the shelf sucks because people want to read them. Some people have issues with this type of book, but if they don't like it, tell people not to read it and not to take it off the shelf. If something puts it in a different area or just move it around, put all books of that type in one area instead of mixing it up. When people need help, they read or look up. So if the book is objectionable but helps someone in question, don't even move it. People do have reasons to read offensive books. We don't know all the reasons, but there are many. If a movie isn't kid-friendly, or is just horrible, @MONTH1 needs to be somewhere no one will watch it. Kids and adults alike, if the movie is really bad, no one needs to watch it. Usually, when someone offends something, they do it and know they've sinned, but don't admit it. People think what other people write is just intentionally offensive, but they don't, and someone feels guilty if something doesn't come to pass. Sometimes just reading is misread and misunderstood. Everyone has a book they think is offensive, but the next person reads it and they might think it's funny. The biggest problem is that some people don't understand it. Then some people read too fast to understand correctly. I don't think some of their material should be taken down if found offensive because that person @MONTH1 feels guilty about something. If materials are to be moved, they should be moved to other areas, not completely removed from the shelves. If it's offensive they should tell the librarian and then if more people say it's offensive then it can be taken off the shelf.
The belief that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if they are objectionable, depending on the situation the material is about. If one wants to see these types of resources, then he/she has to be mature enough to bear it. It all depends on where the material is in the library and the environment it is in. If it's in the children's section, I strongly suggest that it should be removed from there, because obviously children shouldn't be dealing with this kind of information. If it's in the teen section, then the person has to be mature enough to accept this inappropriate thing, Or so be it. However, in the adult part, there should be no debate as it is clear that the person must be fully mature to receive this material. An example of this aspect of whether inappropriate material should be removed is a comic book titled "@CAPS1 tales" or "@CAPS2 the @ORGANIZATION1". These types of material have some incidents ranging from inappropriate to disturbing in the book, but have been distributed to the teens section. Now, from the age of @NUM1, they usually spend their time there and probably read such information. Some teens will be afraid to flip through these books, while others will be fascinated by it. It varies by person and the type of material they want to read. It all depends on the distribution of this material. Another example of whether inappropriate material should be taken off the shelf is how films are placed. Once upon a time, a young teenage woman wanted to see a movie she had never seen before. So as soon as she found out, she watched it with her parents and saw some disturbing parts of the movie. This person should have thought about it before entering this situation. If the person is mature enough to go through this, that's fine; but she's young, so things get worse. Whether or not inappropriate material should be taken off the shelf depends on how and where the material is distributed, thus showing the difference that a person can make a difference. So whether this material should be taken off the shelf depends, again, in its case
Books, music, movies, magazines, we all enjoy seeing/reading/watching our favorite content, but a lot of it is deemed unsatisfactory for young children. Parents are now more concerned than ever about how their children are growing up and are always looking to purge inappropriate things from their lives. Heavy violence, gore, language and even pornographic scenes, all of which all parents wish to keep out of their children's eyes. There are many reasons why parents around the world want to keep these things hidden from young people, such as; personal influence, emotional growth, and even the chances of a child not listening to their parents. These are valid reasons why something should be removed from the public eye. Then again, we've all read or heard things that affect us personally, maybe you've read how to make your life happier, or you've heard an inspirational song that convinces you to follow your dreams. Well, this also applies to everyday books, movies, magazines or music. If someone is introduced to something about a life full of hate or living in a violent way, even if it sounds a little distant, it can influence young readers to want to live the same way. It is true that we encourage children to have fun, but it is safe to a certain extent. These can even affect someone's mood. Maybe a good song that makes you happy, or a movie that makes you laugh. But the reverse is also true. A dark and gloomy song can make one feel depressed, or a horror movie @MONTH1 can create a new fear or nightmare in the night's sleep. Some kids are even known to be traumatized for life by not being prepared for what they see in certain violent and gory scenes. These are all things parents want to keep away from their children to keep them safe. People are easily moved by messages, songs and stories of any kind. It is our duty to keep the good influences away from the bad influences. Children's behavior is easily influenced, maybe they just watched a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 movie and thought he was cool and they wanted to be like him. If a child is exposed to a violent or bad influence movie, the child @MONTH1 then starts paying attention to what is happening in it and starts not listening to the parents. It is right to stay away from these ill effects until they can deal with something so violent or unfortunate. So yes, certain materials should be kept out of the public eye for the safety of the community and children. Books, movies, music, magazines - we've all seen/read/heard them, but how did they affect you? Have you become a better person by doing this? Or worse? Or maybe you're not affected at all? We need to be careful about what is available to us and the rest of the world. Keeping our children and anyone who may be negatively impacted from bad things is a top priority for any individual, group or business.
Newspaper staff and/or @MONTH1 followers, the reading material found in the library is very useful and informative to the world, and there is no limit to what can be found on paper. Offensive or not, restrictions on books will only create tension, affect the economy, and lead to illegal activities where, ironically, offensive books will be written and sold in complete secrecy. In today's world, it's nearly impossible to pick up a book and actually declare that it's not offensive. Almost everyone has a little problem with something in the world today, and because of that, it's hard to get original and innocuous material. As libraries are purged of objectionable material, authors will be hit hard, not just emotionally, but will lose their jobs and earn less. Because it's nearly impossible to write a book that isn't offensive, authors can get very frustrated, and most are passionate about what they're doing. Also, since almost all reading material is offensive in some way, there are very few reading materials in the world or national libraries. @CAPS1 can lead to violent protests that quickly disintegrate even the most successful states. However, physical destruction is not the only price paid for stripping objectionable reading material from the library. It costs money to make books, and it costs money to buy books. Paper companies will tumble in the market with few customers. When a major sector like paper goes down, it pulls other sectors down like @CAPS2, and due to the complexity of the national market, almost all big companies depend on paper. @CAPS1 will destroy the economy. Some might say, '@CAPS1 means the people in @LOCATION1 are greener! @CAPS2, over the past few centuries when economics and environment were put on the same scale, economics prevailed. Obviously @CAPS1 does more harm than good. The people of the world will always have priority. Also, most people don't like to take away what they like. Generally speaking, people want what they can't have. A clear example is illegal drugs. The drug market is very successful, but it is illegal. If people were to use these currently illegal drugs, completely legal, the success of drug marketing could plummet. Books are the opposite: we have them now, but we'll want them more when they're taken away. People who read tend to be passionate about literature and very intelligent. All it takes is a group to get the numbers and have a very talented speaker convince the others to take part in a potentially violent revolt to get permission to write and publish what they call "offensive" books. All other materials found in the library, such as music and movies, are taken away to the same effect, with more or less some similarities or differences. It's easy to avoid such problems by keeping books and all other materials on your library's shelves. Taking it all out would only be problematic, especially since it's offensive, since few ordinary people would find books that aren't offensive. If keeping material in a library means individuals are offended for different reasons, make it an organized mess. @CAPS1 is how people work and keeping material on their own is how people are happy or motivated
Well, start my persuasive @CAPS1. That's @CAPS2 @CAPS3! ! ! How could they be! ? Don't we have a say in this? ....well....we should! ! ! ! Here's a little bit about my take on the letter. I think if books, movies, music, magazines or anything else is objectionable then we shouldn't put them in the library because it's not right and its @CAPS2 tip, if it's offensive, People shouldn't put these things out there or what it means to them. In my experience I have been in a situation where I stole a book about something and it turned out to be very offensive to me. I was at @ORGANIZATION1 when I was @NUM1. My parents and I were there watching a movie or something and we were reading some books there and stumbled across a book called "@CAPS4 in @LOCATION1" which was offensive to me because @CAPS5 is Growing up in my area, they @CAPS2 talked about how they feel about the faith and how they see it. It hurts me because I went to church and read @CAPS6-I-@CAPS6-@CAPS8-@CAPS9. I grew up in a belief that I know very well. If you've read that book, it makes me question everything I believe. So here are my thoughts and feelings. I don't think it should be for people to read, like I said before. People have other books that they can have out there, not an objectionable one. All in all, I want you to consider my persuasive letter and tell them your thoughts and ideas.
Hi, my name is @PERSON1 I was reading some books at the library with a friend one day at @DATE1 @TIME1. Later that day, my @CAPS1 and I were at school reading our books and she came up to me in the hallway. @CAPS1 says her book is offensive and she plans to tell others about it. Just like that, when the class bell rang, it was time to leave. When she got home, she went to tell her parents, and his parents said she should go and tell the librarian. On our way to the library @CAPS1 I stopped at the store to get something to drink. While she was there, she got a newspaper to read what was happening at school when she noticed some books about how to get them off the shelf. The librarian was sitting at her desk when we walked through the door of the library and she asked if we needed any help. @CAPS1 Say no, but I need to talk to you about the librarian saying she's ahead of one of her books. She has lodged a complaint against the books and is in the process of removing them from the shelves. and move to the back closet. About a week later, @CAPS1 and her mother were reading a newspaper about the library that said all the offending books had been removed and they were replacing them with newer and better ones. Some people think it's wrong and they shouldn't do it because some say it's offensive, but they do it anyway.
Censorship helps prevent people from viewing, listening or reading disturbing images or thoughts from certain age groups. But in the case of libraries, all books have to be taken off the shelf. If all books are taken off the shelves, then all books in the store must also be thrown away. Books are an essential part of life. They express great thoughts and ideas through these stunning text art pieces. Those who think library books should be censored are fools. These people understandably want to keep their children and themselves safe, but at the same time, the decisions they decide to make are hurting people. Authors are hurt because their work is being censored. People who like to read books, who are wanted for censorship, will no longer be able to read these books. It's mostly people who choose to avoid these books if they really find them offensive. They shouldn't go all out trying to censor them because they might end up causing everyone or some people to think they can find a book that should be censored. If this happens, there will be no more books on the shelf. The government will notice and ban these books, or worse, delete all books forever, as happened in @CAPS1 @NUM1. All in all, books are a good thing. They give us inspiration and help us live our lives with the thoughts expressed in them. It's your choice to avoid books that upset you, not what others think of them.
Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found objectionable? No, I say this because if it offends me, they probably won't offend anyone else. I'm not saying it was offensive to me to say that, because there isn't. I personally like to read comic books and things like that with superheroes in them. This excites me. Back to the point, if people think a book is offensive to them, then they don't need '@CAPS1 to pick it up! If I knew a book would offend me, I would never pick it up. I know what you'd say 'but if they didn't '@CAPS1 knew it would offend them'. Hmm, that's a good question. Putting it up, don't complain, because the author doesn't know the way @CAPS1 knows you're trying to take it offense or wrong. They are just writing a book. It's not the writer's fault. He or she may just be writing a book they think is a good book. When it came out, you read it and you found it offensive. DON'@CAPS1 because they introduced themselves there. So don't take any books from the library shelves because stupid people don't get mad because they think it's offensive. Although the book is either a good book or a good book, you will ruin it for other people. So now that we've got that out of the way, let's get on with our lives. Thanks for your talk. see you next time
Society is always dealing with what is appropriate and what is not. We witness things of this nature every day, even if we don't want to. This is the classic argument of two parties trying to prove each other wrong about what is acceptable and what is not. We should do everything we can to get inappropriate books off the shelves and keep young people away. People can be influenced to do anything. There are too many stories to pick out even one. It's funny how people can be indirectly influenced by someone. Whether through television, music, or books, people can be made into something through what they are accustomed to believe. The effects a person experiences can be positive or negative. As a humble person who only wants what is best for society, I know that movies with criminality or explicit imagery don't make anyone a better citizen. Books are no exception. A book with politically incorrect information is never better than a movie that achieves the same goal. I am in no way against reading, on the contrary, I am quite the opposite. Reading is generally good for mental and social health because it allows us to explore the things deep inside us that are often rendered useless in our fast-paced world. But if one is constantly overreaching books that go against our humanity, they should be removed for the good of those around us. If a person cannot find a book that is deemed inappropriate to read, then he or she needs to look at themselves. Millions of books are not only exciting and stimulating, but can also have a positive impact on a single book. As members of @ORGANIZATION1, we've gotten into enough trouble, like all our financial problems. We don't need to add more to the table when we're exposing people to obscene books that usually just make people rebel against society. If anything makes the people of our land more riotous, it should be immediately reviewed or removed from society as a whole. Believe it or not, there are many ways to have good information while having fun!
Dear newspaper; in the library, I don't feel the need to take something that people might find offensive, because honestly, if it offends you, don't read it. You are your own person and can make your own decisions if this so-called offensive material is not considered offensive by someone. Then why is that guy being punished by someone who has to rage. You don't like it doesn't mean I don't like it. If someone finds a book objectionable, don't read it, and if there is a magazine that you find objectionable, don't read it. It's that simple, people are smart enough to know what's good for them and what's bad for them. There's no reason why someone can't choose what they want to get, where they want it. From my own observations, I've seen many times someone find someone's music offensive, but they don't say anything. They just ignore it, the world needs more of them. More and more people will stand by their beliefs and will not judge others for their beliefs. It seems the world is becoming filled with a bunch of people who care a lot about what other people are doing. It's not a bad thing, but everyone is offended by something, but it's your choice whether or not to let it haunt you for the rest of your life. Listen to what music, read what book or magazine you want. If anyone finds them offensive, so be it. You are your own person and that will never change. Do what makes you happy and nothing else.
Why censor things? When there will always be someone who wants to read a book or magazine that others think should be censored. If this vicious cycle continues, then we have no books to read at all. There's a lot in there that some people don't like, but that doesn't give them the right to take it away from themselves. And then by doing that and removing it from their ego, just because they don't think it's a proper book. Now will leave someone with nothing to read. If books or magazines start to detach from the ego, then there are fewer ways for us to research or learn something. Even though there may be pictures or text in a book or magazine, that doesn't make them inappropriate. It needs to have a label on the book that has it in it. If you see the mark and don't want to see it, neither do you. We need to write code for books of different ages. Parents will be happy if there is a little boy or girl who can only read certain books because they are too old. Then, with parental permission, children can read books for older children or adults. Although I'm not my favorite to read, I sometimes pick up a book that has stuff about engines for me to learn. I don't think people should be able to limit anything and get rid of themselves, everyone has their own right to read books or movies etc. But kids are different because they don't need to learn all these things at an early age. So parents can choose what they can read. But if you're an adult, you should be able to read, listen, or watch whatever you want.
There are a lot of things in this world that kids shouldn't see, and it keeps their minds balanced with everyone else's, no matter what age they @MONTH1 are. What people see these days can be terrible and should not be seen by people of any age. These things should be disposed of so that our hearts will be pure, and the hearts of future generations will be pure as well. The reason I think people of any age shouldn't think about these bad things is, if kids shouldn't know these bad things, then why the same kid who's grown up should know the same thing. But if there is such a thing in the library, the question is who should be responsible for deciding what is right? Since there are so many people in the world and so many people have different ideas, how can we let one person see through everything and decide whether it is good or bad? Well, awnings are out of the question. That's why it's up to the head of the family to decide how to deal with this crisis.
I think there are some materials that shouldn't be on their own but can't be removed. They should have a room with anything that could offend anyone. Some books; music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be completely removed from public libraries. I've seen a kid pull a book for adults of his own. Mom is mad at the library because it's too low, to herself. I can understand that there are some books in the library. They should have all the adult books and wait on the higher selves so little kids can't reach them. The library should have a room with only books for kids and teens; magazines, music, movies, etc. Children should not be loud, or have sex in certain areas of the library. The library should also have a room for all adult movies and books with locked doors, and a room for kids. If the library doesn't have enough money to buy a room, they can at least put all the adult stuff in a top self or a higher self. I don't think some materials should be on the shelf or taken from the library. Because, someone might need that book to research school or work stuff. If taken, it could also take someone's history out of the library. I mean the book is there for a reason; movies, magazines, music, etc. were made. Materials exist for a reason. Parents can also help the library by keeping an eye on their children. See what you caught. Parents can even let friends or neighbors watch over the kids while the parents go to the library so the kids don't see anything they shouldn't. I believe everything I write here is the truth about what a public library should be. Adult stuff should be higher. If parents don't like it, they can keep their kids at home, or stop going to that library.
A library with a variety of books, music, movies and magazines. People all over the world have different interests in different disciplines. Some people are offended by certain books, songs, movies, magazines, etc. Another person @MONTH1 didn't find it offensive. For example, a religious book talks about @CAPS1 being a person when some people believe differently. This book should not be put away because there are also some books about your faith. The library has a wide variety of topics, such as songs, magazines, and everything else in the library. When a person offends a book, movie or item, it should never be taken, because in Kathryn Patterson's famous quote, if someone decides they want to take a book from the shelf that anyone can take, then it matters. This will end up leaving people with no variety in the books, which will cause a huge problem. People can't read as much as they want because they can't choose between many options. Libraries provide information for teachers, students, researchers, writers, and readers who use it as a hobby. If this is taken away from people, people will know very little about many things in the world. In @CAPS2, freedom is important and we expect it, freedom of speech and freedom to have one's own opinions and interests. So @CAPS2 won't let that happen if the item is removed from a public place. People have the right to like anything they want, and if someone is offended by an item in the library, they should stay away from it rather than stressing about removing it
It doesn't matter to me, we all have the right to be a like and dislike. Some @MONTH1 think movies with gore should not be shown, but other @MONTH1 think films with adalt content should not be shown. If you don't like something and someone eles takes medicine, why should you get what you want and not what other eles want. So if we take a movie, book, magazine, song or genre of music off the market, why don't we take them all off the market. Then there is no debate about what is and what is not Sutibal. So if you don't like something or have small kids and don't want them to see something or read something or watch something then just bont bay thim if you do feel pain it's they can't reach or can't reach or unreachable
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves because small children should not read: see: or listen to them. Violence is not a good thing for small children because they will want to grow up and fight. We already have high rates of youth violence. Our youth violence rate really needs to come down. When teens start fighting, they can't control themselves. In my opinion, the movie really needs to be removed because that's how kids learn to fight. They saw a big kid fighting and they wanted to try it. When it comes to fights and killings, movies have a big impact on young children. Movies can also make kids bullies. When a kid is a bully, they really don't know what they're doing. Another bad example is drugs and alcohol. Adolescents and other children are placed in peer groups. It's hard to say no when teens have peers with other kids. The kinds of music people listen to. Music can also have adverse effects on children. The music the children listened to involved killing, drugs and alcohol. When kids get involved with drugs and alcohol can disrupt their lives. For example, screaming music sounds to me like someone is going to kill or beat someone. Magazines are a bad thing for teens and children. There are bad images in magazines, when teens see images they want to act out, or like the people in their pictures. Books, movies, music and magazines should be removed from the shelves due to violence. There are a lot of different fights and different teens making other kids their peers. That's why I persuaded you to take the book off the shelf
How much damage can a person take from a book, pop music, movie or even a magazine etc.? Well, as research shows, @CAPS1 user @MONTH1 finds what these projects say is more offensive than @MONTH1 seems. They @MONTH1 seem to be over or exaggerating what these updated articles are spreading on @LOCATION1, but is this true? Since @LOCATION1 sees all the different races every day, sometimes we @MONTH1 @CAPS2 do our best to accept their different cultural backgrounds in modern society. As soon as I went to an almost all-white school, I noticed how most people judge other races rather than their own, whether it's making fun of how they dress or how they talk, etc. Sometimes I wish they would think that we are all human beings and that no one deserves this kind of treatment. With all this in mind, I think @CAPS2 should be removed from distribution around the world whether it's @CAPS2 or whether they're ethnic books, magazines, or movies. I know these books, movies, magazines or music are racist, or @CAPS2, they should still be heard by those who want to hear them. I think there are people out there, like myself, who like to watch movies and read books about slavery, the Holocaust, etc. It's part of @CAPS1 @CAPS4 and I really enjoyed learning about it. @MONTH1 seems racist to those who are going through these hard times and these projects @MONTH1 that try to explain the pain these people are going through seem like a joke to them to make fun of what they are going through, though It's exactly what @CAPS2 meant. I also know some people who write books about Mexican jokes, black jokes, etc. and even make comedy movies that joke about different races. I think these types of things should be taken off shelves everywhere! These are the things that I feel haunt a lot of different races and make fun of their cultural backgrounds. When it comes to music these days, they always seem to be singing about love, physical and mental hurt, etc. I don't think music should really have an effect on different races unless it's made to make fun of people. I don't see any way in which magazines can be harmful to a certain cultural context. The magazines I've read about aka Seventeen seem to comment on how beautiful these people are. In general, I think making fun of different races around the world will never get better if we don't do anything to help it get better. Even though all these different items like: movies, magazines, books and music @MONTH1 seem to be racial, I think they should stay on the shelves of every library for people to watch and learn more about our world @CAPS4, but if it's a book, song, movie, or magazine article that's actually written to hurt people of different races, it should be explicitly removed from every bookshelf around the world
Should offensive books be removed from library shelves? Some books in the library are offensive to some people, but should those books be removed from the shelves? I personally don't think these books should be removed. Some @MONTH1 think these books really need to be removed, some don't. What are your options for this conundrum? First of all, as I said before, I don't think these books should be deleted; but some @MONTH1 don't like my opinion. These books should not be removed just because they offend others. If another person finds any book objectionable, that person should ignore the book rather than ask for it to be taken off the shelf; other people may want to read the same book, but if it is taken off the shelf, that person will Unable to read the book. It's not fair to take a book off the shelf just because someone finds it offensive. Anyone who finds a book objectionable should ignore it and not read it. That book that offends someone is not directed at him or her; the author's opinion should be irrelevant. Second, everyone has a different opinion. Some people want these books off the shelves, some people don't. So who will prevail in this little debate? I think these books should stay on the shelf. One person @MONTH1 found the book offensive, the next @MONTH1 did not. Others @MONTH1 haven't even read this offending book. But whether the book is read or not, it shouldn't be off the shelves; it's not fair to all the other people who really want to read that book. In the end, everyone likes a different book theme. If you don't like the subject of this book, then why are you reading it? If you don't like this book, or find it offensive, choose another book. If they like the subject, don't go where others can't read it. If this happens to you, you won't like it. Nobody likes this. Just choose a book with a topic you like. So as you can see, if people find the book objectionable, I don't think it's fair to take it off the shelves. Some @MONTH1 love the book's theme or its story. Some people feel differently about the book, or it means different things to them. Just because someone finds a book objectionable doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf; it's unfair to others.
Have you read a book you thought was offensive? Have you ever read a book that you don't want others to read? I agree with Kathryn Patterson that if we can take one book off the shelf, we can take all the books on the shelf. Kathryn Patterson said if I had the right to take that book off the shelf I hate. This means that if one person takes a book off the shelf, so does everyone else, then we have no books to read in the library. That's why I agree that Catherine's book on the subject is meant for us to read and not be perceived, just because such stubborn parents don't want their kids to read books that many other people enjoy. Magazines that are considered offensive should be placed in separate areas so that children cannot reach them. The same goes for movies, so movies aren't kid-friendly, but that doesn't mean we have to take them off the shelves! One thing we can do is put our unwanted valgur actions behind the counter and let the librarian get them while we watch. As for books, keep separate books in the library that children shouldn't read, such as romance or horror books, adult books, some action books. Music is another thing some parents like because it contains offensive lyrics, but some people like that kind of music so we can't take it from them because we don't like it. Does this seem fair? Now, do some of these books look better now? Yes, we still don't want kids reading valgur books about killing, romance, and serial killers, but for some people, they enjoy reading these novels. This is why I agree with Kathryn @PERSON1
Libraries in @LOCATION1 I will write a persuasive article about my opinion on some books and magazines that some people find offensive. I don't think it should be taken down just because it offends someone, because some people have a different opinion of the book or magazine. So I'm going to talk about my views on this issue. I think if someone doesn't like what's in the book, they shouldn't read it or something because some people might find it funny. People just need to stop being so selfish and start thinking about others. For example, the author of the book or magazine has some relationship with them, and they may have done so so that others can relate to them as well. That's why I don't think people should argue about taking the book off the shelf and start thinking about other people. That's how I think about people trying to take books off the shelf. So, whoever is reading this, please take that into consideration and realize that some people like books differently than others. So don't start taking books off shelves just because a few people find them objectionable. So this is what I have to say about people who try to get them off the shelf because they offend them
There are a lot of books, magazines, music or movies in the library, @MONTH1 will offend many people, but it may be something that some people enjoy reading; so we have to keep all the material, no matter how crude. These library materials are all part of a past world with a bigger story behind it, a bigger story behind it, and so on. If we start deleting books and everyone deletes one, we'll have nothing to learn. The world will become less smart and we start to forget and lose our past. That's why we must never take any book, movie, music or magazine from the library shelf because it's @MONTH1 special to someone or @MONTH1 rough to someone else, but in the end They both contain something no other book @MONTH1 has included in the past. A world without so-called inappropriate books, magazines, music or movies would be a less rough place, but it would rob people of the knowledge they need @MONTH1. If everyone took a book off the shelf, there would be no books left. These books will begin to lose their inner love, compassion, and liveliness. Other books @MONTH1 contain racial segregation, a big part of America's past. The word negroe is offensive to some, and if we take out all the books with the word negroe in it, we'll lose NUM1 years of unforgettable American past. Documents containing stories of wars, leaders, the rise and fall of many empires and kingdoms will all be gone because violence is offensive. Many historic moments in world history will be lost forever. We can't get rid of offensive books for the world's past. The world will lose too much history to get rid of offensive books. If the books were placed in the library's own section, the children would not be able to see them, which is no problem for young eyes. If you find a lot of books objectionable, then you shouldn't go to the library because no matter what happens, it's not going to be thrown away because there's history in the book. If we start taking books off shelves, movies will be available soon, and magazines will only be able to say so much. I believe that if our kids don't have access to sections with offensive books, then we won't have to worry about them seeing offensive material. If we want to keep all the books and people are still trying to throw out the offensive books, then we should just have a section where the offensive books should be placed and the kids can't get in. In @CAPS1, this is how we review library books. Books, movies, magazines and music are part of every country in the world today. It changes countries and makes them unique, it gives them their own culture that we can share with each other. So we shouldn't try to take offending books or books of any kind from library shelves anyway. @MONTH1 needs to be reviewed, but objectionable material doesn't need to be taken off the face of the earth or thrown where no one can read it again. All in all, we can't put out the flames of the past or we @MONTH1 will never have a future
Library review I think library review is good, some people @MONTH1 feel kids don't need to see certain things. @MONTH1 It's true, there are a lot of things that even adults shouldn't see themselves. If there are bad things in the library, the owner might make a section just for those things. People should have the right to see whatever they want in the library
A library is a place where anyone can find books to read, and they can choose any topic. This is a right that should be in the hands of the reader, not the library. Everyone can read on any subject they like, and library staff should not influence the books people read. Book reviews are completely unnecessary. If someone wants to read a specific topic, they have the right to read it. Reading a book that offends the reader is the reader's choice; no one forces them to read it. Once an objectionable book is found, the reader can make a decision instead of reading the book. Although just because this reader finds the book objectionable, it doesn't mean that another person will, if they so choose, have the right to read the book. Finding a book objectionable is just an opinion, without factual evidence. So who has the right to say whether a book is offensive? Just because the person running the library finds a book objectionable or inappropriate, doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelves. No one can say whether a book is objectionable. Other items such as music, movies or magazines should also not be censored, although some of them have been. Movies, for example, are rated so viewers can choose the rating of the movie they want to watch. Viewers should not expect to see a movie rated "@CAPS1" or any material with foul language, violence or other "offensive" themes. By choosing movies with higher ratings, viewers are making their own choices about what they see, so librarians shouldn't take those movies without permission. It's not their responsibility at all. The music is also graded, and if deemed necessary, there is a parental warning label telling listeners that the album has clear content. Although just like movies or books, everyone has the right to listen to any music they like and shouldn't search outside the library because librarians don't think it's appropriate. Magazines @MONTH1 are not graded, but that doesn't mean libraries should make an administrative decision to grade them and remove those found to be "offensive". As mentioned many times above, viewing material is the reader's choice; not the librarian's. Whether the material is books, music, movies, or magazines, consumers have the right to read, listen, or view whatever they like, independent of librarians. Everyone has their say in what material they choose to consume, and no one else has the right to tell them.
Dear newspaper, I don't think there should be censorship at all. Everyone has the right to read or watch whatever makes them happy. Just because someone is offended by them doesn't mean it shouldn't exist. Maybe if you take books and movies off the shelf for censorship, will those alone offend people? It would offend anyone who wrote a book or made a movie. There are many reasons why libraries should not be censored. My first reason is freedom of speech. People have the right to say or write anything they believe. Just because it can offend someone doesn't mean you should take the opportunity to read from someone it doesn't offend. Give people the full right to read and write whatever they want. Also, if you use censorship then it has a bad effect on literature. By using censorship, you will have to remove books that offend people. Not having these books on the shelf means no one can read them. If no one can read, no one can learn. Another thing to consider is the author's money. Many times when I see a book in the library that I like very much, I will buy it. But taking the books off the shelves means no one will ever see them. Authors write these books so they can make their point and make money. If we take these books down, they won't make money and they won't serve their intended purpose. In the end, I think censorship is a bad idea in general. One is freedom of speech. Second, it could have a huge impact on literature. The third is that it takes away the author's money and opinions. These are the big reasons why I don't support censorship.
I don't think music, magazines, books or movies should be removed from the shelf because if some people don't like it, some people might find it more fun than others do. I think if people don't want kids to see it, don't let them see it. I think children should have the right to know some things, but not all. I mean everyone has the right to know what is happening or what happened years ago. I mean, it's all about letting people see and not hide because people want other people to know what's going on, even if they're doing it the wrong way. I'd rather my kids know everything so they know what's wrong and what's right. There are some things in books, magazines, etc. This shouldn't be seen or heard, but people have been listening and reading whatever it is. Schools teach kids almost anything, does that mean schools should close? No! Some people homeschool their kids for this reason, but when they go out in public, do they think about what people say or do? I don't think so, if people are offended by something they read or hear, there's really no reason. If people don't like it, there's no reason to take it off the shelf because other people will, and they'll buy it just to listen or read something. People need to realize that there are things everywhere that people don't want their kids to hear, but they hear anyway. Our economy is just a hoe these days.
Yes! I believe because there is a lot of information like a book, when I listen to music, I feel as sweet as I am, I am happy... When I read magazines, I learn about the world, about people and animals... NUM1 I believe Because music is good to listen to when you listen to music every day you know what they mean and then you know what it means first i was listening to american music and now i feel crazy now i know how to listen to music . . . Yes! I believe because magazines are good to read. Some people thought that when I came to America I was going to be very sad because I didn't have anyone and I didn't know how to read magazines and that's why, after two months I had new friends and then they taught me how to say @CAPS1 they taught me how to read magazines @NUM2 years later I have a lot of friends at school and my teacher told me kabee don't worry about learning every day when you come to school say @CAPS1 you will say ok @CAPS3 then I am learning every day Say @CAPS3 Now I can say @CAPS3 at @CAPS4 I love all teachers because they teach me how to say @CAPS3 That's why...
In our present life, we find the need to make things more private. If this thing gets spoken out and we don't like it, we'll find the urge to throw @CAPS2 off to "@CAPS1" others. In modern writing @DATE1 and throughout history, there are some books we don't like because they go against what we think is morally right. But is it necessary to completely repeal @LOCATION1 just because a group of people got it wrong? No, when something is written, it is written for a purpose. If there is no purpose, then we have nothing to read at all in the first place. Yes, some books and magazines can be very vivid and not suitable for young people to experience. But that's why these books are made for older adults to read. I'm a big fan of the two @CAPS2 @CAPS3 books that happened. I find them fascinating and would love to see what my life would be like @DATE1 if @CAPS3's results were different. I admit that many of these books contain some very real stuff that adults can't even handle, but that's not a reason to delete them all. These books mark an important part of human history that many need to know. Without these books, these @CAPS3s might be a thing of the past, nothing more. There are also a lot of books that have a lot to do with very mature topics. These books can include very detailed areas about sex scenes. Yes, indeed these books are absolutely inappropriate for young children. But that's where these books aren't the ideas created for them. They were created for older, more mature readers. Furthermore, if we care deeply about what our children see, this is where parents have to step in. Parents can control limits on the intensity or maturity of their children's reading. Finding what kids see is a big deal, but on the flip side is the idea that people get inspired by reading more intense books. For example, when people discover what they truly believe, they become very motivated to expand what people know about it. If a person reads a book on political science and sees a side they have never seen before, they may be driven to form a group to bring this idea or substance into all human thought. This can have a big impact on us because there are a lot of people who are causing uproar in a group, even as big as our current government. But even with what kind of freedom this might happen, run by the people for the people, we are groups now. In general, it is morally wrong for our country to impose restrictions on what we read or see. Limiting what the state can see will likely lead to more uproar than just having to deal with the different ideas or opinions of a group of people. This could happen because one would think that the government might do more socialist behavior by trying to control our knowledge.
I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from library shelves. If these materials suggest something like racism, I would like these items to be taken off the shelves. Sometimes politics has a say in this. This is my take on the topic. First, people can choose to view these things on the shelf or on the Internet. We all have our own opinions on what is offensive and what is not. A lot of people have families and kids and they don't want their kids to see that kind of stuff. Parents know where most of the library's materials are. Also, if parents want to buy books, why not go to a different library and buy them. Or go to a store that sells books and has more scrutiny. I have one exception though, if the material in the book, the music, the movies, the magazines are racist anyway, I'd like to remove them from the shelf. Many people can choose whether to go where there is offensive material. Sometimes local, state, and even federal governments have a say in whether such material is placed on library shelves or on the Internet. Who knows, maybe someone likes these kinds of books, music, magazines, movies, etc., and they don't want them off the shelf or off the shelf. It's kind of crazy to even "go online" on a computer to find something like that, but that's their choice. That's my take on library censorship.
Should certain books and magazines be taken off shelves if they are found to be objectionable? Yes! Children should not touch certain things. Some books and magazines are explained for children of a certain age. Children should read books appropriate for their age group. If children read books that are not appropriate for their age, they may start to behave in this way. Parents should try to delete all books that offend their children as it can have a real bad effect on them. Children of a certain age should read books that are appropriate for their level. There are certain books, magazines, music and movies to explain to kids these days . I think they should all be blocked and out of reach of children. If children start listening to inappropriate music and reading crime books, this can affect the way they behave. Children should not be exposed to things that may be brainwashed. If kids started reading bad books and listening to bad music, imagine what impact it might have on the world we live in today! I think parents should do everything they can to keep certain things out of the reach of their children. Parents should protest and hold meetings to ensure libraries are removing inappropriate items for their children. Parents should want to keep their kids away from certain things that @MONTH1 seems offensive. This will mean they will do their jobs as good parents. Sometimes kids don't always agree with what a parent might say, but they have to realize that it might be best for them. Parents shouldn't always want to be friends with their kids because sometimes kids will run over you. I know from personal experience because sometimes people take kindness for weakness! As a parent, you should be prepared for something like this. In conclusion, magazines, books and music should really be taken off the shelves of children's bookshelves. it may expose kids to things that aren't always good for them
If I had the right to remove books, music, magazines, or other objectionable things from the library, I wouldn't. I won't do it because everyone has the right to read, listen and see whatever they want. If people really don't want to see offensive books or anything, why would they see it in the first place. Some parents think they shouldn't have offensive books because it affects their kids. They will transform a child's education. Everyone has the right to read whatever they want. They are different types of people and like to read different types of things. If books have to be removed from the library, everyone will start taking all the books out. Regardless, everyone ends up reading all these offending books in one way or another. Parents who are very concerned about what their children will see in the library should inform themselves what their children are reading and prohibit them from doing so. In my opinion, I think if parents take the time to explain to their children the good and bad things in life, it would be less offensive to their children. Another reason I don't remove books from the library is because it affects the education of many children. Deleting books means taking history away from them. There are many painters in our history who have painted naked women, and many find it offensive. I don't think they should ever take that history from them because they're just learning about their history. Books, music, magazines, etc. should not be removed from the library. Because whether you read it or not, these things are important to everyone. Deleting these items would be a complete mess. They should leave the library as is. Everyone has the right to read, hear and see whatever they want.
Should certain material found to be objectionable be removed from the shelves of our libraries? Many people find the books, movies, music, magazines, etc. they see in the library objectionable; but does that mean they should be removed? I, like many others, believe that libraries should not censor objectionable material. Censoring libraries ignores parental responsibilities, destroys our profitable media, and is unconstitutional. Parents are responsible to their children, not only in terms of providing food and shelter, but also when their children view inappropriate or objectionable material. If you don't want your child to be offended or to see vulgar shows, text and music, don't let them see it. For example, if a child is listening to a pornographic song on their I-pod, take it away from them. Owning a device is not a right, it's a privilege that parents can take away loudly. In addition to ignoring parental responsibilities, this is a huge blow to the media economy. Most media are watched for inappropriate material in their shows, books and music. If you review all of this material, you buy fewer movie tickets, you sell fewer books, and you listen to less music. In a recession, like the one we're currently emerging from, it's more beneficial to provide as much income as possible than to destroy current profit opportunities. Both are valid, but the bottom line is that reviewing the library is unconstitutional. In the preamble, we are given the right to freedom of speech and the press. These offensive materials are included in this right. I understand that additional clauses can be added to specify the appropriate types of speeches and news, but how will officials monitor. Not to mention people smuggling inappropriate material to all the prison space buyers need. In short, censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parental responsibility, media economics, and our constitutional rights. When all of these areas are negatively impacted, the consequences far outweigh the benefits. Clearly censorship is not the answer to offensive material
Let your mind wander to a place of peace and tranquility. You are in a world of infinite possibilities. Each of you has tons of different adventures and anecdotes. You are in a library where each book holds the key to the door to knowledge and adventure. Find your own adventure where you drift down each section looking for the one that suits your liking. Turning the corner, you suddenly catch a glimpse of books and magazines with provocative and inappropriate images that are blatantly exposed for anyone to stare at. Quickly looking away from the unpleasantly objectionable photo, you run down the hallway to another area. You think to yourself how unnecessary these images are and have now left scars in your mind. In most libraries, you'll find that whatever you're looking for can be included within the confines of a book. I believe that because libraries are used by people of all ages, races and genders, there should be some censorship in place. Due to the different populations in the world with different views, perspectives and morals, some of the content in the library should be censored. This censorship is @CAPS1 narrowed down to inappropriate imagery, but also includes religious, political and cultural innuendo. All parts of the library should have obvious censorship. I do @CAPS1 think that certain books must be removed from the shelves because of violation of the right of speech including written speech. However, I do think they should be separated and clearly marked to warn against unwanted eyes and ears for material found there. Libraries are one of the primary resources when researching, reading or acquiring information and knowledge. Most people have used, used or will use libraries in their lives. This includes children and families. Kids do need @CAPS1 to experience, learn about, or have access to some of the content and materials in the library. I do @CAPS1 think these books should be removed from the bookshelf, but somewhere else where kids can @CAPS1 find them. Children's minds develop rapidly and are sometimes defined by the images they are exposed to. What children see are easier to remember for longer periods of time than what adults see. This shows that @CAPS1 is good for kids to see this objectionable stuff. The review, about moving the book to a new location where a kid can stumble upon @CAPS1, is the best option. Another reason I think @CAPS1's book should be removed entirely and taken elsewhere in the library is that everyone has the right to express their opinions and feelings about a subject. Also, other people have the right to have an opinion on what others think. Just because you find something objectionable doesn't give you the right to take it away from someone. I think if a person desires these things so much and feels the need to read them, then they have the right and choice to do so. Although, people who do @CAPS1 want to see it should also have the option to put it where they will @CAPS1 come across. That's why these books should be open to all @CAPS1, but taken to a secluded section. In conclusion, when dealing with objectionable material found in libraries, the best solution is @CAPS1 to remove it entirely, but separate it from everything else and allow exclusive access only to those who desire such material . Everyone should have the choice and the right to view or @CAPS1 to view certain material that they may find objectionable. I believe that in this way, the library will provide a better environment for all who wish to access and use it. More people will use it, and the library will appeal to everyone.
No, I don't think anything should be taken out of the library because some people find it objectionable. I believe people have the right to read what they want and authors have the right to write what they want. One of the @CAPS1 in @CAPS2 statement is speech @CAPS5, empowering people to say and write what they want. People shouldn't take anything from libraries because libraries are built to store things like books, magazines, music, and movies. What good is a library if people start taking these things away. If everything was taken out, no one would have any reason to go to the library. This brings @CAPS1 to @CAPS2. ''@CAPS5 of speech'' means that people have the right to write what they want. If others find it offensive, please don't use it. @CAPS5 of expresion lets people do that too. If people wish to express themselves through reeds, then they have that right. One of my personal experiences is that I love music, and so do my two best friends. One of them went to the library to find music, and we all listened. He found these bands that I had never heard before and I really liked them. If anyone finds them "offensive" I'll never hear how good they are. That's why I don't think people should take things out of the library. Not only does it deprive other people of what they might like, but it also destroys history. Libraries will be around for a long time, and they store so much information, it would be a shame to deprive future people of the right to read these wonderful works created by their real hard work.
The library has a stack of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. for the public to consult. This topic of library censorship is a difficult one because everyone has a different perspective on things in life. If someone finds some material in the library objectionable, it should not be removed from the shelf. In the library, there are many options to see and view. In the library, someone flips through a book or a movie that they find offensive. Someone should look at it differently, because libraries are for the public. It may seem harsh on that, but whether material in a library should be in that library doesn't depend on that person. Offensive material can be placed in a special location in the library for everyone to reference. Libraries have the right to censor any type of material that seems to or offends the community. If the community strongly agrees with their local library, that's right. If the entire community disagrees with what the library thinks about a material, the community has a voice. Yes, there are books in the library that will offend a group of people, but that doesn't mean taking the material out of the library. Our country, @LOCATION1, says everyone has the right to free speech. @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 banned books that offend @CAPS1, but other countries around @LOCATION2 may have these books in their libraries. There is a thick line if a certain type of material in the library is objectionable. If a book seems to offend that person, then someone shouldn't have that right, but if the entire community says the book is offensive, then yes. Libraries and communities can choose not to write an offensive book about self. If it offends everyone, then it should be readily available. Censorship is a difficult topic to pin down
No I don't think you should take these magazines off the shelves because it's pointless and to some @MONTH1 finds everything offensive and others @MONTH1 don't find it as offensive as I personally find it offensive Stuff is offensive. I find it kind of humorous. I understand that some people are more easily offended because of their sexuality or race. But other than that, there shouldn't be any censorship, which makes the place that does it look very strict, and because of these strict policies, it makes some people not want to go there and get what they want, who knows you @ MONTH1 stuff Hope @MONTH1 gets reviewed. I understand that when you have a child, you don't want them to make mistakes in life and try to keep them away from the bad. But as your kid gets older he will be introduced to senior/adult type material and you should give them a break and don't punish them when something like this happens. In my humble opinion, some parents are very strict with censorship, and I totally understand the parents' point of view. Eventually people are going to have to let their kids know about something, so you might as well let them see it around @NUM1, which seems like an appropriate age for early privilege. Some people have worse judgment than others when it comes to taking items off the shelf, which can affect everyone's judgment.
imagine. A nice sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books. Feel the wind in your hair and feel what's happening in the story. Not only do you study at home, but you also study at school. Just imagine, what if you couldn't read that book because it offended everyone else in the school? How unfair it is that no one is allowed to read that book just because one is. This is something I can't imagine. At my school, teachers and other staff always encourage children my age to read more. Most teens are always busy with after school activities such as: band, sports, drama, choir, etc. Not many teenagers can read a good book alone, which is why I was so shocked when I heard this strange news. If books, magazines, etc. are offensive, should they be removed from the shelves? I don't think it was a good decision to do so. Children should be able to read what they want to read. As you probably know, not all kids are the same. Some people like what others @MONTH1 don't. For example, not all children like to eat corn. It's also about reading. Not all children enjoy reading romance or action books. I love reading romance and mystery novels. Some novels have more graphic content than others, like @CAPS1. @CAPS1 There are many arguments. If a mother doesn't want to expose her son to combat, should we take all @CAPS1 movies, books and magazines out of our library? Another example is the @CAPS3 series. Some parents don't want their children to read books about vampires and werewolves. Should we not be able to borrow or rent this movie? I do not think so. Another reason I don't think we should take out books and magazines in libraries is that not everyone is offended by the same things. For example, @ORGANIZATION2. Personally, my brother and I have believed in @LOCATION1 for years. However, my cousins don't teach their kids about @ORGANIZATION2. If I bring @ORGANIZATION1 over to read to their kids and they are offended, should we get rid of @ORGANIZATION1? The answer is no. Some families have traditions. Just because a family doesn't want their kids to know about @ORGANIZATION2 doesn't mean everyone can't get the satisfaction of reading or watching a movie about @ORGANIZATION2. So the last question is, if some material is found to be objectionable, should it be removed from the shelf? Can a person eliminate a book just because it offends them? I guess it all depends on your view of the situation. I don't think offensive novels should be taken off the shelves because: kids should choose the books they want to read, not everyone will think the same book if it's offensive, and finally because if we get rid of all the offensive books; what else book to read
There are many books, music genres, movies, magazines, etc. that are considered offensive. Should they be removed? it depends. If something is so inappropriate or objectionable, it should be removed. Today, there are a lot of books that teach or convey bad information. If I see one, I try to ignore it; I don't pick it up and read the back, and I don't take it home to read. I know what I'm allowed to read and what I'm not allowed to read. But does that mean I should just take it off the shelf and throw it away because I'm not allowed to read it? No. As much as I want, just to prevent others from reading it, I can't. Sadly, we have to worry about these things in the first place. I think the most offensive thing is the movie. There are a lot of movies these days with inappropriate scenes: bad language, scary scenes, etc. Some movies are also not properly rated. There's a movie now rated @NUM1 and it's pretty scary. I can't imagine watching this movie as a middle school student; I watched it as a sophomore and was terrified. I never thought it would be so bad because of its rating. Some children's movies are even inappropriate; they may be hidden and the child doesn't understand, but it's still there. Why does it need to be there in the first place? Is it that important? No, another bad area is video games. Some kids play so much that all they think about is killing, guns and war. Some kids think so much about these things that they start to think it's cool to point guns and knives at other kids. Some people do it in a joking way, but others don't. These things are dangerous and can hurt people mentally and even emotionally. You go to the grocery store or gas station and see something inappropriate in a magazine. No kid should see those things, but if they're there, anyone will. Different types of music @MONTH1 even send bad messages. There are some radio stations that, in some songs, make sounds like drugs and alcohol, but for other songs with curse words, they leave them there. I really do not understand. Yes, drugs and alcohol are bad, but why aren't they curse words? Just saying the word drugs or alcohol is not bad. These types of things are very offensive to people. But can they really do anything? Not really. We all have our opinions and we can speak our minds, but sometimes we don't get what we've always wanted. There's really nothing we can do. Others think it's okay to watch, listen and read, but we regularly follow, watch and list what we read. If you put something bad in your head, you start thinking about it and it becomes a part of your life
I believe that even if something is found objectionable, people have a right to know and know about it, I say this because if one person finds it objectionable doesn't mean another person might think it is. If people think late @NUM1 movies about @ORGANIZATION1 being used for educational purposes are racist then they need to grow up and go back to school to learn these things. Just because some people think a book with vulgar language is offensive, then they need to know that more than half of the books in the world contain profanity, and just because it exists, doesn't mean they need to be taken from Remove the library from the shelf. I've come across some books myself that I find offensive, one I read in my freshman year of high school and there's someone who's part of @PERSON2 and they're in a meeting, and one who says he hates black people, he's now Picking a black person late and going to execute them with the nuse they made the night before really broke my heart because I have a black person in my house and thinking about what someone is doing to him it just breaks my heart Shatter, I might go out and find the people who did it and kill them. In a quote written by Katherine Paterson she talks about how if she has the power to remove a book then how do we do it and if we do then there will be no more books left on the shelf to us. Saying that there are some volgers in almost every book we own, if we take them all, there's nothing left. If it were possible that all the books were taken, there would be a massive uprising and everything would go downhill from there, because some people couldn't read a part of there a day and some people spent three hours a day reading ounces. What I'm trying to say is that there is no way to get rid of our books today that have some language or something objectionable in them because if we try to do that then we're going to take every book in the world, Then no one will learn anything
The question is, if library material is objectionable, should we censor it? In my opinion, I don't think they should be reviewing these materials. Some of what we read, see and hear is just objectionable, and we have no control over everything that offends us. I do agree that people have freedom of speech, but not everything. People need to stop reacting to what @DATE1 may have said. Some things just need to stay in the past and stay there. For example, some @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are still upset about slavery, and this happened on @NUM1 @DATE1 @DATE1. Censoring certain things means people don't learn from the mistakes of our pass. We need to stop all this overprotection in our libraries everywhere. Children need to know what happened to us in the past to see what they can change in the future. why? Why my only question is why do people censor the material in the library. Are they trying to keep their kids from seeing, or just for selfish reasons? My conclusion is that they shouldn't censor material because it offends someone. I'm offended by a lot of stuff I've read, but I'm not trying to get them censored or removed from where I've read. Sometimes you just have to deal with things you sometimes don't like or agree with.
In my opinion, I believe it should be in the library if its only purpose is to read it. Magazines, comics, books, music and movies should be 100% accessible through the library, mainly because many people can learn many different things in many different ways, such as visual learners, i.e. learning better by seeing and observing the subject people. Listeners are those who would rather read to them than try to read it themselves. Finally, readers who can do all of the above and read! I know not everyone is literate, but maybe going to the library once in a while will help. But for this to happen, libraries must have something more than just reading, as many illiterate citizens must work to improve their reading skills. I hope to understand through my point of view that what I'm doing is just making sure everyone has the opportunity to learn how to read, because being able to read opens up so many possibilities, but some people haven't gotten to the reading stage yet. Why not start your studies in a nice, calm and relaxing township library
There are many reasons why it is wrong to take a book, movie, or anything else off the shelf. If it's violent or sexual, I can see why it shouldn't be on the shelf, but if the reader doesn't like the book or movie, then don't read it or look at it for something else. If everyone takes a book on the shelf they don't like, what are we going to read, because everyone has a book or two they don't like or find offensive. Not every book is right for that person. Everyone has their own opinion about books, whether they like it or not. If that book isn't what you're looking for, put it back and stop reading. Many people say "don't listen if you don't like it". They are very right because if there is something you can't bear to listen to or read, and you do it anyway, it will drive you crazy. Then you'll complain that it's on the shelf and say it sucks and it shouldn't be on the shelf anymore. That's the beginning of all these things that people say it's offensive. People know what they like and what they don't like, so if there's something you don't like, don't listen or read. It all comes down to common sense. We all have it, we just need to start using it. That means if you like country music then don't listen to hard rock or rap because that's not what you like so don't listen to it. Because if you listen to it, you'll love why it's not good for you to have stuff on the shelf for people to listen to, it makes bad ideas in those teens' heads. If everyone sticks to what they love and doesn't worry about other things
Is history a bond of repetition? Well, we have to make sure this is a great opportunity to secure our future @LOCATION2. Criticizing certain shelf items is like your mom telling you to get out of the kitchen so you don't get burned. It's just a way of protecting the minds of young people who are like little sponges soaking up everything they see or hear. @MONTH1 does more than make it worse, so adults have to get a little bit high for the books they want to read. Restricting young children and teens to certain materials is a way of preventing the same racism, poverty, assassinations and religious protests of the past. @ORGANIZATION1 prides itself on the fact that children are the future, so why not work hard to stop what they see or read? I wish there were a lot of people trying to stop things like teen pregnancy, drugs, alcohol and abuse when I was younger. But no, a thirteen-year-old girl in my class is pregnant. She thought it was cool because she had read it in a book. The book she was reading wasn't hers, it was her mother's, and she put it on the table and took it back to the library. Her mother forgot, @PERSON2 read that book. She told a group of friends and me about it. @PERSON2 said the book explains what people want. She did it because of a fictional story her mother had borrowed in the library. This story got me thinking why they should put books on different shelves or higher. I have two younger sisters who already have to worry about being teased; because of their clothes, their religion, the fact that they only listen to certain music. They should be able to go to school without worrying about the books they @MONTH1 grabbed at the library. My sisters are my inspiration to make the world we live in a better place, and so are my brothers. However, my point is that they should live up to other people's expectations or whatever is cool. By criticizing what children are reading or listening to is one way to make them children. When they read magazines or listen to music, they make disagreements that could affect them for the rest of their lives. Like how @ORGANIZATION2 put out a new song. The lyrics are not suitable for many young children, but you can find them on youtube. The lyrics of many just released songs or singles are shocking. These songs show us why kids are having babies or taking drugs. It's all caused by what they see or hear around them. Our country's economy has hit rock bottom, caused by young people not taking life seriously. I think if we can focus on the factors at hand, like condemning us @MONTH1 for doing what no one else can. Showing the world that @LOCATION2's youth is the future looks bright. Each of us should be proud of enabling our children to learn better, perform better, and most importantly, make their dreams come true. If we have more students reading things like "@LOCATION1, or To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2" and enjoying them, it will show that their dreams can come true fiction or non-fiction. It doesn't matter as long as what you read doesn't prevent your mind from fully growing and developing. Many young women in my sophomore class had read the "@CAPS3 series" and they loved it, which led them to read other vampire books. It shows that we can read exciting things and not just make us act like celebrating someone who has been partying or going to jail. By looking at those magazines or reading books about these people, teens think everyone is doing it. Truth be told, more people don't do that and find other ways to stay busy. We've already said that the future is good or bad, why not make the choice easier by removing the ones we choose for ourselves when our kids pick up a book or a magazine; on @PERSON1, she just brought her The child drives around. What choices have you made for your life? In my personal opinion, I think children and adults should have different TV shows, magazines and books. We want children to mature without the lie that everyone lives like this. Here's why denunciations in libraries help reduce the impact of lies on children and more. As a final note, if you knew a five-year-old could memorize every word, would you tell them everything you knew? I don't think I would want them to mature that fast, otherwise what's the point of life or school. to learn what you already know
I think censorship and libraries should be allowed because a lot of people have different opinions on what types of books they like and should read. I don't think people should delete books or any type of material just because they don't like it. A lot of people think that looking for different types of material will get you to the right information. I feel that if you limit books and libraries, then resources will reduce the amount of information you're trying to receive. Many people find it difficult that the information they are accustomed to does not exist, nor does the local library. Libraries should be able to find all the books, music, movies and magazines they won't and need. Books should not be ego but should be allowed more on the shelf for any information needed
Books and movies are a way for many people to use their imagination and creativity. Taking certain books off the shelf @MONTH1 negatively affects people. Certain books, music, movies and magazines are not always as bad as some people think. People have different opinions on what's good and what's bad, so you can't really delete certain books because like Kathryn Patterson said, '...then there are no books on any of us' shelves . We need to put every book on the shelf. Using my own observations, readings, and my own experience, I will prove to you that we need these books on our shelves. First, I see young kids taking so many books off the shelf that maybe they're not the best for them. I believe it helps them grow by watching them. As a young child, you were curious and they needed to be able to see anything. Honestly, if it's really bad for you, they won't remember it the next day. I personally think that seeing what we call "bad things" will make them stop watching and help them learn from their mistakes. Second, I read a lot of magazines, read a lot of books, and watched a lot of movies that I probably shouldn't have. By seeing and reading these things, I feel that not doing the "bad things" they are doing makes me a better person. I read about slavery and war and it just wanted me to make the world a better place. Knowing that kids younger than me are reading and seeing all this negativity in the world doesn't always make me say "put everything on the shelf", but I also believe kids will know right and wrong. Finally, I've experienced children and young adults abusing the library and getting movies they shouldn't be watching, which makes a lot of people want to take certain books off the shelf. Certain books need to be kept away from young children, but not everyone. Our older, smarter adults need to realize that it's not all bad, it's bad for our young people, but maybe not for everyone else. A family member of mine is a photographer who helps his career by looking at nude magazines and movies. Not every nude movie and magazine is abused and everyone should be aware of that. All in all, I understand removing some books, magazines and movies, but we can't. I don't believe a certain book will offend everyone, only some. Different people need different books and movies for different things, and they're not all used for bad. We need to make a concerted effort to keep certain books out of the reach of young people so books and movies don't get abused. Hope everyone can put every book on the shelf. Again, as Kathryn Patterson said, "...then, if we take the books away, we don't have any books on our shelves."
In this article, I'll discuss the way libraries perceive books. I will give my opinion on the subject. But also give my opinion on the books on these shelves. Libraries should also address this by pre-sensing books on their shelves. I'll try to elaborate on why it doesn't or if it has to be taken off the shelf. I think if librarians can pay close attention to what they read, certain materials shouldn't be a problem. But just check the reviews and see if the book is good enough for your kids to read, and you can stop it. This can be a problem in some ways if children are exposed to the material they are reading. But some children may understand some of these in the wrong way when they read adult books. But you can't get to know those books, you have to look at what they're reading. Some of their approaches to this problem can be a bit extreme. What do seniors read if you take the book off the shelf. You just can't because what if other people want that book and they can't have it. But what you can do is make a special section for those types of books that younger kids won't get them. I think this can help solve the problem. I think they can also pre-perceive these books. This will help explain things in a way they can understand. Also, it can improve people's perception of books. But they also print two copies, one for a more mature audience and one for a younger audience. If they do, it improves, so young kids can take the information like adults and say it's not real life. In the @CAPS1 conclusion, I feel like I'm pretty natural on the subject. I think having them on a library shelf is a bad thing. But I feel like it can be prevented by the way the library runs it. Just keep an eye on the younger audience. Also try presensing them to make them more friendly to younger audiences
Library Review Libraries present many different recreational activities to the community. They are all kinds of entertainment such as: Romance Movies, Adventure Novels, Drama Music, Comedy Magazines, etc. However, they have something inappropriate. I think anything inappropriate in the library should be censored or removed from public view. If it does, it will benefit our children's moral beliefs, the library's family image, and save money for something better. Our children are the most important to us. They are the future of our country and the world. They are the people who lead our country. We teach our children our moral beliefs from an early age. However, if they start seeing or reading inappropriate things they can find in the library, then their morals will change. They will think that what they see is socially ok because it is in the library. If there is something bad about a library that is considered one of the most educational places, then the image of the library is also seen as bad and dirty. Libraries need to censor bad things to make their self-image look good. Many parents wouldn't want to take their kids to the library if they knew there might be a magazine about death and murder on the shelf. Libraries also save a lot of money if they review what they have. A lot of the porn they produce costs a lot of money. Usually, if they buy uncensored movies, they have to pay extra. If they buy the right stuff, they will benefit greatly. They can buy better books for less with our money. Libraries are a very important part of one's community. We need them in our lives and in the lives of our kids, but we wouldn't take our kids away if we knew what was out there wasn't good for them. That's why libraries need to censor inappropriate stuff so parents feel safe when they go to the library. The library is a fun place to go, even better if everything there is good and not bad
Certain books, magazines and even music contain a mature or vivid nature. Music always has ratings, just like movies. They do not need to be removed from the library unless it is an elementary school. Most language arts are organized into libraries in an orderly fashion, so younger children will only be there to buy age-level books or selected arts. Music always contains warnings about book ratings. Children should never buy maturity level books. Books, movies and music are all the same. They are made for certain types of audiences. If a movie is rated @CAPS1, it's made for an audience of eighteen or older. They are found throughout the library for children, adults and teens. Kids just need to stay at their age level. If there is an adult book or picture book in the children's library, that should cause conflict. Any parent would agree with this statement. The only way to share these mature arts without conflict is through public libraries. Divided into public libraries linked to all age groups
Keep or delete? Every year, more and more books of literary significance are removed from our local libraries and classrooms. Even though @MONTH1 these books contain some now objectionable text, they still shape the @CAPS1 culture today. In addition to books, many movies and magazines have also been pulled from shelves for objectionable material. Just because some of these materials from @MONTH1 contain objectionable content doesn't give people the right to keep them out of reach and deprive the public of enjoyment. So is it right to remove objectionable material from the library? Absolutely not. Many people enjoy books, magazines and movies of this nature. In fact, it's likely to do more harm to the library's business, since these types of materials are what the @CAPS1 culture is all about. People don't want to read about what's going on at the animal shelter across the street. They want to know what's going on at @LOCATION1 and the hottest trends of the season. All in all, removing these materials will only hurt the reputation of the libraries and the number of clients they attract. Artists write what they like and how they feel. How can someone tell the author of a book that his or her work is too figurative or too offensive? This is what he or she chose to write! This is how he or she expresses himself through writing! By "frowning" books, magazines or songs with certain offensive content, officials reduce the creativity and uniqueness of the author. If an author or artist has a really good original idea for a new song or book, but is concerned that it won't be carried by the library because it's a bit offensive, then obviously that author or artist won't write that book or song. By removing offensive books, songs, and movies, our public is being stripped of creative and imaginative writing. In conclusion, the removal of objectionable books, magazines, movies and songs is harmful to the public and the library itself. Generations of @MONTH1 have never even heard of "@PERSON1's @CAPS2" because it uses racial terms. So what would you do in this situation? Keep or delete?
In this persuasion article, it will discuss whether we should remove all objectionable book, music, movie, magazine content. In this article, everyone will agree with its content or stand on the opposite side of the argument. In this article, this article will disagree with some viewers, and this is no exception. However, in some cases, the audience can go both ways. First, in terms of cases, should we or should not remove objectionable books, music, magazines or movies from the library. I don't think everything should be removed for everyone to see. There are exceptions in some cases, but it seems illogical when all the material is bundled. The material removal seems a bit extreme to me. However, it seems more practical to put content on a higher shelf than to delete it once and for all. Yes, it can be offensive, but during this time, offensive movies, books, magazines, books, etc. seem more comical and not taken seriously. For example, a very disgusting show called "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" was so disgusting that people just thought it was funny. This show might offend everyone, but we still see it. In this show, there is a warning label that only children @NUM1 and over can see it. Parents are advising and acknowledging what their children see. Prohibited content is not the creator, but it is the job of a parent to be mindful of what their children are reading, watching, watching or listening to, not them. In this case, nothing is right on the subject. However, content creators see it as a way to vent about their lives, experiences, and optics they have to face or just to make people laugh. They see it as a safe way to express themselves. It might offend you, but for some, that's life. You might not like it, or @MONTH1 seems harsh to you, but that's real life. Second, @MONTH1 there will always be something that offends you, but it seems illogical to ban it. An example might be religion. One's religion may offend you. This does not mean that if a religion offends it will be banned or removed by everyone. Your religion @MONTH1 offends someone but they will handle it and accept the difference. If your friend has a different religion, that doesn't mean you'll never talk to them again. Third, you may express yourself, and there will be people who disagree with you. You might create a book, a song, or a movie that offends someone in some way. For example, the @CAPS3 series offended some boys and girls. Arguing between two girls about which character is better for @CAPS4. There is always an opposite. @CAPS2 may keep trying to hear about @CAPS5 and may be offended when the girl @MONTH1 compares him to @CAPS6 or @PERSON1. Say why boys can't be like them, but even then they wouldn't delete @CAPS3 together. To you, it seems like the greatest movie ever made, or the scariest movie in the universe. Fourth, another example is a @CAPS8 show called "@CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12" (Queen of the South) which featured women with nothing but ended up being the most popular women in certain countries. Some people @MONTH1 seem as cool as she is. It seems like people don't go out there and do what she does on TV, with all the consequences if you do what she does. This show is an example of what can happen if you become exactly like her. Some offensive material @MONTH1 teaches a lesson and can make a person do something they @MONTH1 will regret later. In short, everything in our lives offends us in some way. No matter what we deal with it, our lives go on. There's no way to see this, but one thing you like might offend someone. It seems unfair to take something you like just because it offends a person. So I believe there is no risk to library censorship. In my opinion, everyone is free to choose what they want to read, watch and even listen to. And also choose to stop reading, watching or listening
My point is that some material should not be taken off the shelf if it offends someone or others. I think if the material is clear, you should get permission from a parent or guardian. For example, in a store where you buy CDs, games, etc... you must be old enough to buy the same material as books. Say a book has a specific word on it, like "@CAPS1", it shouldn't be taken off the shelf just because of its name. This brings up the theme, don't judge a book by its cover. Just because the name doesn't meet someone's standards, it doesn't matter. Pick up the book and read the back to see what it's actually about. Then if you wish to talk to the person in charge and explain to them what your problem is. You can also always have a section of the store, or an adult-only library. @MONTH1 Sounds stupid, but it actually helps a lot. There are a lot of books that have things in them that are not suitable for children. Like love books, they talk about love and passion in ways that are very inappropriate for children. If there is part of a store or library, it can help keep your kids or other kids away from these things. You or anyone else don't have to worry about your child picking up some material that you don't want them to see. Keep that in mind, next time you're in the library and see something you don't want your kids to see
Censorship is a very sensitive topic. Everyone has to deal with censorship directly or indirectly. There have been many complaints and debates involving the government over censorship practices in the past. If censorship was equal for everyone, there would be nothing in the world to censor. Censorship is a major theme when dealing with books, newspaper articles, movies, and other literary subjects. The writer or director must be able to create an interesting theme or storyline while keeping it suitable for the majority of the audience. If everyone censors a literature or film that offends them in some way, then everything in life will be censored in some way. Either way, there will always be a situation in the world where someone will be offended. Censorship is wrong, especially in @LOCATION1; @LOCATION1 citizens are granted freedom of speech and a free press. Knowing about these fundamental freedoms, one would think censorship is illegal as it is one of the five fundamental freedoms granted to citizens of @LOCATION1. The censorship is wrong because it violates at least two of the five fundamental freedoms granted to all @LOCATION1 citizens. There should be absolutely no censorship when dealing with books, movies and newspaper articles, as they all involve freedom of speech or freedom of the press. If censorship starts to expand, everything we know today will be censored in one way or another, just because someone will find it objectionable. Some citizens @MONTH1 see censorship as a positive thing as it filters out all inappropriate, offensive and derogatory language and situations among our nation's teens, but from a teen's perspective, kids will find out anyway These situations and language usage. .There is no point in hiding the truth from anyone because whatever they end up finding out. We need to push for less censorship in @LOCATION1 because if we want to preserve our five basic freedoms of life under the First Amendment, then we need to fight back against censorship and remove it from our society entirely
Libraries everywhere may have a book or two that @MONTH1 will offend readers. I have yet to find a book that offends my reading. Some people may think that some music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves in the library. But there are also people who object, like me. It takes more than one person to delete music, magazines, etc. from the library. The music in the library is good because you won't find old music like @DATE1 in the music store. If someone finds music in a library objectionable, it's probably because they don't know the history of where the music came from or the artist's experience. Say this person is offended by hip-hop music. I'm sure there is a book that can be used to find the source of the music. Maybe then they wouldn't be so angry. Magazines in the library are really for people who love media. There are plenty of magazines out there with interesting facts about what happened or is about to happen. For example, @ORGANIZATION1 contains all the latest events or major events that happened, right in that @ORGANIZATION1. Then there are ads, how would people get money if they didn't put ads in @ORGANIZATION1 so people could buy the product there. No one would buy the product if it weren't for it. Movies in the library are for teachers to show students. Half the stuff in the library, you can find it at Blockbuster or Walmart. This is because the library has old movies and current events that happened years ago. They might even have a movie accompanying the book the reader has read, but some people prefer to watch a movie. So they read books. In general, I want music, magazines and movies to stay on library shelves and not change the way the library works. Some books may have been taken off the shelves and people have complained or been offended. So it's too late. But it requires more than one person to oppose it. This is how I feel about taking music, magazines and movies out of the library
I believe everyone has their own opinion on what is appropriate and what is not. You can't @CAPS4 assign several people and ask opinions there because everyone is different and we all have our own right to know about the book and what the author really wants us to learn or learn here. Like I said, if you @CAPS6 don't want your @CAPS1 to read it, everyone is different, please tell your @CAPS1 why and explain it to them. @CAPS6 will not leave the rest of @CAPS1 affected. I'm sure some parents need to see the Ansat we are there without even having dreams and ideas out loud. Why do we want our @CAPS1 to throw the same thing they have to do, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 everyone has the right to read and hear what makes them happy so what if I have volger launguage to get over it or @CAPS6 don't listen to it all . Do you want someone to tell you, for example, that your life story is as bad as the way you phrase it. This is how you speak because this is your life story. My view is to let the kids of our generation know as much about the bad things as possible so they can stay away from the bad things and also let them know about the good things in life so that they are not always afraid. Let chinlden read whatever they want. So what they curse to tell you @CAPS1 its bad language. @CAPS6 doesn't like good book movie music. (@CAPS3:) @CAPS4 Because the author sees life differently than yours. Open your @CAPS5, @CAPS6 not so shallow
If you sit in the library and care about your homework and the next hour of exams, I won't thank you for wanting to be messed up. Do you know? Well, I'm going to explain what I think about everything in the library. Like some things we should have and some things we shouldn't have. I believe you should have no noise or any problem while studying in the library. There are things in the world today that a lot of people find offensive. They're like disgusting people and what's happening in our area and yours is really disgusting. When it comes to our library, some things need to change and some things don't need to be bothered. There are some books some kids shouldn't see in the library, but others will love them. But I don't believe they should be taken off the shelves. They just need to be better placed where smaller kids can't easily get to them. You won't like some books taken off the shelf because some people don't think they are suitable for children. They just have to be moved to the shelf, only accessible to older kids. When I study, I like listening to music. It helps me think about what I'm going to do and calms me down. But when I'm not playing my music, I don't like other people being there loudly. This is one thing the library needs to change. Some movies are really offensive and should be taken down. Another issue is magazines. There are a lot of different magazines with all kinds of things to read and they need to be watched. If there is anything offensive, I believe it should be taken off the shelf. Some people freak out easily, the world is full of aggression, and people need to think about other people. If they don't do it the wrong way, it can go bad
I disagree that certain material, books, movies or magazines that are offensive to certain people should be removed from library shelves. I debate this topic for three reasons. One reason is that inappropriate books, music, etc. should not be placed in the section where children will find books. The second reason is that for a child to borrow a book and the book is not suitable, they should have identification that they are an adult. The third reason I think things like this should stay on the shelf is because adults have books, movies, music, etc. There are many reasons for them. There should be nothing inappropriate in the library for children to reach. Children should only have the right things they can grab so parents don't have to worry about what their children hear, see or read. There are some libraries where the child will be given a magazine or book and the child will consult the book or magazine. This is where the problem starts. All libraries should identify each child when borrowing books, magazines or music. That's why movies are rated so parents can know what kind of movie they're going to watch. Parents should pay close attention to what their children read or see. I think things that don't fit should be on the shelf, but I also think they should be in the adult section of the library. Children should not enter the adult area. In some cases, something that doesn't fit on the shelf may be useful to an adult. Adult @MONTH1 needs some material in life. In conclusion, children should not have access to inappropriate materials in libraries, all libraries should identify inappropriate materials, and adults should be able to have such materials on library shelves
If you're a writer, do you think it's fair for someone to take your work down because it offends someone? In my opinion, I think some references, considering movies, books, music, magazines, etc., are inappropriate. However, I don't think anyone should have the right to take them off the shelf because they are offended by it. If everyone had the right to take something off the shelf because it offended them, we would have nothing. In my opinion, everything can offend someone. For example, I read a book and they stereotyped cheerleaders just like everyone else. The way they turned all cheerleaders into this is horrible. Considering I've been a cheerleader all my life, I'm kind of offended because I'm not at all how they are described in the book. After reading this book, I may not like it, but reading it was my choice. I'm not going back to the bookstore at @MONTH1 and asking them to take it off the market because I, the only one, don't like it. My philosophy is to ignore what you don't like, or don't buy it if it offends you. I know the age of a certain book or movie's target audience isn't always the only one who encounters them. For example, a child sees a movie that contains inappropriate language or scenes. That's when I say you just have to keep walking past and only pay attention to the material that works for you. Or parents, review what your kids see, hear, and read. Also, I don't think it's fair to take someone's artwork (whether it's music, books, magazines, or movies) off the shelves or off the shelves. Those authors or creators work as hard as anyone else. Just because it doesn't work for one person doesn't mean it doesn't work for someone else. In conclusion, I don't think it's fair to take the item off the market because it won't please the few. I'm sure someone will like it. It's not fair to the artist, after all they put in all their time and effort. Everything on the market might offend at least some people in some way, but welcome to the real world. They just have to learn to deal with it, or ignore it like I did.
Without books, none of us would know what we know now. It's like saying that without the heart, your body will still function. Books today are basically telling you what happens in real life, or what might happen if you do anything. Individuals make books for a reason, whether some people like it or not. Books can help you better understand @MONTH1 many things that others don't know or understand. The same goes for music, movies and magazines. I clearly understand where some parents, guardians and carers come from, but they have to realize that everything they think is bad for our society today is actually helping the next person. There are other people who think differently than they do. Books are another way to learn, they're great for young people or anyone @MONTH1. They can also help you understand many things better. Not only would I say books are the main problem for most people, but also some movies, music and magazines. But someone tells you what age it is suitable for. For movies, they'll tell you things like "@NUM1, @CAPS1" and stuff like that. Also for music, all you have to do is look at the songs on the back, or if they have anything bad. Magazines they have many different kinds of stuff for all ages and you can pick and choose what you want for yourself or your kids. It's not all bad, it's what you think is right for your kids or anyone @MONTH1. You can't blame someone for something they feel they need to hear or say to someone. You have to think outside the box and know that some people really need to hear or see or do. Just to make myself better. People are so quick to judge the next but not actually trying to understand that everyone needs help, just because your life or whatever @MONTH1 seems to be heading in the right direction at that point doesn't mean that others can't change. There's a reason for that stuff, and if you don't like it, try a better way to get rid of it. Without these things in our lives, I can literally see the world falling apart. We barely understand what some books, music, movies, and magazines are talking about, so try to imagine all that is being taken away. It's not a pretty site, take what we have now and use them to the best of your ability. They're all there for a reason.
In my opinion, materials that are bad for some people should not be taken off the shelf. If some people are offended by material, they shouldn't care about that particular material. If everyone focuses on entertainment that is too offensive, no matter what kind it is, it will be upsetting. People have seen, heard and read a lot about @MONTH1 offensive. Don't take everything seriously @MONTH1's offensive stuff is just a joke or just someone trying to get attention. When you sit down and think about it, most TV shows you watch every day @MONTH1 have at least one moment saying something offensive. For example, I watched a TV show some nights that mentioned the racism of @CAPS1-@CAPS2. I'm not paying any attention to this show because I know it's a show they just want to get more ratings. So when it does drop too, I'll be watching the same show again the next night. What if some of our most historic people listened to everything everyone said to them. Well, our black culture and history today would be less "@CAPS3". I may not be able to accept this test I'm doing right now. So don't take everything too seriously, everyone has some kind of humor. If we removed all the objectionable stuff today. Some of your favorite actors and singers won't be the famous actors or singers you love and respect today. All the Grammys and awards shows we watch on TV are not going to be themselves. There are all kinds of different types of music. Some words used by different artists can be offensive, but they still release the same songs because they are just words. My conclusion is that anyone and anyone can be offended or offended. People don't take everything seriously because it might just be a joke or some ignorant person who needs attention. When I was younger my mom always said 'sticks and stones @MONTH1 will break your bones but words will only get you'. So don't take everything seriously I mean only the media, tell me who takes them seriously
Dear @CAPS1, what we learn at such a young age really needs to change. It would really help society. Here are some ways. All books are different. Some @MONTH1 has offensive language. If the book has offensive language, you don't have to read it aloud. You can always replace those words with other words, or skip them like nothing happened. Some books have references to @MONTH1's sexuality that offends a certain type or gender of race. If books are sexual for your age group, then I recommend picking up a new book. But no matter how you look at it. It can always be worse than it actually is. Music Music needs some scrutiny on this. When you listen to the radio or cd or ipod. You can't always censor that. Broadcasters need to do a better job of removing them from songs. Many teens think it's cool to use vulgar language. Movies of different age groups have different ratings. I'm sure no one will let a two year old watch a movie rated @CAPS2. That kid would have nightmares for a week. So censorship can really help parents choose the right movie for a family night rather than a movie they don't know about. Magazines are nothing but gossip. Most magazines do nothing but talk about people's bad or their good. There should be some censorship in there because it's a person's life that talks about garbage there. Some people say that children are like sponges. Whatever the child hears, he repeats it. Whatever the child sees, he will try to repeat it. So no matter what the child reads or watches, it's likely to be the same. Things do need a little scrutiny. It's hard to tell what the world would be like if we didn't have it. The world will be full of unmotivated people, and if we take things away, the world will have nothing to do. I know that when I was a kid, I would hear something on the radio and think it was cool to say. My parents don't know what to do with me. I know as an adult I don't want my kids to learn what I did at such a young age.
No, I don't think this should be stupid, and I'm sure many people will disagree. One reason is because adults love all of these things. If they do it because the kids have always liked them. Then find a door that says @NUM1 and above, and install the camera. If the child's parents complain, then at least you can say it's all in one room without the child talking loudly. If you're a kid, you have to be around all the time when you grow up, which shouldn't be a big deal. So you might as well get used to it. It's a big deal if you've been swearing, but most kids know better and know not to do bad things. When I was growing up, I was with all these things and I think I turned out just fine
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @MONTH1 @CAPS3 I am a student from @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and I do think certain materials like books. Music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves if found offensive, as some students will read books on everyday basics, and reading will save some students from trouble. @CAPS8 I say this because if you find a book that you might be interested in, you might share @CAPS2 with your sister or brother to prevent them from doing the wrong thing. There are also objectionable books that show students not to do what they see in the book. Some offensive books show that people who do bad things have to pay and that people can learn from the mistakes of others. Some offensive books show people what to do and what not to do so you don't have to pay for doing the wrong thing. Also, due to the curse of some songs in @CAPS2, the music can also be offensive. Music is good at times because the song speaks and acts in a certain way. The distasteful part about the music is that some music is calm music and @CAPS2 keeps you motivated and some music has a bad feeling about @CAPS2 and makes you do bad things. Music can make you happy most of the time, and you can learn a lot about life by listening to it. Music is a description of the meaning of life, and life is full of objectionable things, but you have to be very self-centered to understand. Some movies can also be offensive due to the action in the movie. Movies are fun and you can relate to some of them in your own way too. Sometimes movies can be very funny because of the action and drama in them. Titles in a movie can also be offensive, but that doesn't mean the movie has a bad relationship in the story. Magazines can also be objectionable because of what's inside them. Some magazines showcase appropriate things that children and adults can relate to. There are also different things like activities and things for family and friends to enjoy. Many magazines are different in their own way @CAPS2 depends on the cover and who created the magazine. Some of the advantages of magazines are because they show you posters of some of the superstars in your music career. There are many things in the world that can be objectionable, but you have to learn how to separate yourself from the negative things in your life. Also, everything is not objectionable because you can relate some of the books and music that are coming to us these days. Best of all, you don't have to listen to what magazines and movies tell you because you have your own mind. People don't listen to books etc because some of the things they talk about are false information. So that's why I said @CAPS7 I do believe cartain material should be removed from the shelf if found offensive. Sincerely, @ORGANIZATION1
Literature shouldn't be allowed to be taken off the shelf just because you think about it. Everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not. If you don't like a book, or you don't want your kids to read that book, don't take them to the library in the first place. At a public library, you have to be old enough to buy a library card to borrow books, so if you're old enough to have a library card, obviously you won't find books that aren't appropriate for your own age. You @MONTH1 found a book that is immature to you, but you don't have to read it. Men and women go to the public library to study. If you want to know something offensive, you won't be able to if someone shows up and doesn't approve of the book. Is this fair? You tell me. In the school library, yes, there should be restrictions on what children can and cannot read. Junior high schools should have different standards than elementary or high schools. In elementary school, kids need to read as part of their learning, but they're not old enough to want to learn something objectionable, so they don't need those types of books in the library. Aggression should be limited in middle school, but students still have the right to know what's going on around them. In high school, students should have the right to read any type of books they like. Magazines are a different subject. Many times in magazines there are advertisements for smoking products or alcoholic beverages. These types of magazines should not be read in the school library. In a public library, a person should have the right to read whatever he or she likes. In conclusion, I say that adults and teens have the right to know whatever they like, but kids should be as young and naive as possible. You can't keep them safe from ads and people promoting these things themselves, but you can prevent things you should do. No one wants their kids to grow too fast, but don't limit their growth.
People around the world view music, books and movies differently. Some people think that books and music should have different grades. Some people think a song should be rated "@CAPS1", while others may think it shouldn't have any ratings at all. Grade ratings prevent young kids from buying things they're not mature enough to do. Grade ratings help parents understand what fields their children are entering. If everyone could come up with a book or magazine, etc., then there would be no books. That's why we have different levels of maturity for materials. Levels are letters, eg "@CAPS1" for maturity. '@CAPS1' means they may have some nudity and sex games in the video or song. With this, it warns parents that if they don't want their child to listen, they can take it away. This gives parents control over what their kids can watch and hear. The store won't let kids under @NUM1 buy movies rated @CAPS4. Rated @CAPS4 representative behavior, language and blood. It can represent more things like drugs. I'm glad my 9 year old can't buy a movie rated @CAPS4 but the law says @NUM1 year olds should watch it out loud and then it says they should be mature enough to see or hear it. We should be happy that we can also control what our kids watch and listen to. We can try to get rid of all the bad books, movies, etc, but over time I'm sure @CAPS1 will make more. I'm also sure that over time we'll find an old copy of a book on the site. We can't save our children's lives, so over time we have to let them grow up. Our kids will decide if they are mature enough to watch what we don't want them to watch. We just have to do what we can to nurture them.
Does censorship really help or frustrate our libraries? Is it trying to hide that @CAPS7 could really happen in this world, or is it trying to make you happy about this horrible place you live in? To one person, a book can be very offensive, and to their neighbors, it can have a whole new, opposite meaning. It's all in perspective. Personally, I think pulling out some "offensive" books in the library can be a disaster. One of the books we read in the @CAPS1 class this year was "@CAPS2 @NUM1". This book is all about a dystopia where people burn books that don't send the right message to society. People are feeling numb, probably a result of library censorship around @LOCATION1. Libraries are a place to spark the imagination of all ages, and if you cut things out, how does that happen? Looking back at books deemed "offensive" in the past and removed from library shelves and banned from reading in school @CAPS1 classes, mostly about women's rights and @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Some of them are just bad words about dystopias in them and others. If you take out all the books related to these topics, how many books do you have left? For that matter, my best friends are @CAPS3 @CAPS6 girls, we all have equal rights now, we all have jobs, so is @CAPS7 a big thing living in the past? There's also the fact that wherever you go, you're bound to get rid of the curse. Along the streets, at schools, and sometimes even in churches. So, if you're around it in real life, why can't you read it? Now, when all the people who support library censorship say "@CAPS7 about the impact on kids, I don't want them to read books that I find objectionable," I say and censor them. The way you raise your kids is you option, but other parents think you should be imaginative, not old, old. It's good to have a variety of things to read without restricting the brain. All in all, I think people who want to review books are Crazy, it can get out of hand and then a distpoia society will form. Kids shouldn't be disillusioned with the present and future of the @CAPS7 world. Think the next time you think a book will cause tension between people , and think you are disenfranchising others
In today's literary world, finding a topic that interests you is never difficult. Science fiction, thrillers, romance novels, how to make a car from household materials, and more, are waiting for you at your nearest bookstore or library. With so many topics, it's not surprising that some authors decide to go against social norms and write a book that is controversial on the ideas they propose. These books are often put on a "burn list," or censorship list, and will be removed from the shelves of local libraries to protect the institutions' readers from the ideas of the books. Many see it as a way to keep society pure, but this censorship of literature may be one of the biggest mistakes civilization can make. Removing books from library shelves is a form of censorship and a clear violation of @CAPS1. At @LOCATION1, everyone has certain inalienable rights. These are written in our @CAPS1 as the first ten amendments to @CAPS1. One of these rights is freedom of speech or the right to express an opinion. By taking a book off a library shelf, you are silencing the author of that book, thereby depriving that author of freedom of speech. This clearly violates @CAPS1 and is therefore unconstitutional and illegal in @LOCATION1. By publicly violating @CAPS1, this opens the door to violations in other areas of @CAPS1. The president is now a dictator, we are now a communist country, and many other actions are allowed, making @CAPS1 a meaningless piece of paper. Without @CAPS1, @LOCATION1 is like any other country, with no direction. This leads to a downward spiral in our society. The silence of the author's voice also prevents new ideas from entering society. Thousands of new books are introduced to the @CAPS8 public each year. Many of them feature novel ideas that will help shape our future society. If you take these books off the shelves and take them from the public, you effectively prevent all changes in society from new ideas. Nothing will get better and society will remain where it was when the review began. Censorship can also lead to the downfall of society. In @PERSON1's novel @CAPS9 @NUM1, book censorship has gone so far that all the great literature in the world is banned. Anyone caught reading a "thinking" book was locked up or killed. The protagonist's job as a firefighter is not to put out fires, but to set fire to books and encourage people to think. The censorship in that society has gotten to the point where nobody does anything, they just sit at home and watch TV all day. A lot of people will argue that porn is something that should be censored out of society, but the question is once you start censoring, where do you stop? Censoring porn leads to censoring romance novels, which leads to censoring magic books, and so on, until you censor @CAPS10 @CAPS11 or @CAPS12. By censoring books and movies that make people think, you quickly lose all interest in higher education. This is why censorship can quickly lead to a breakdown in society. While censoring @MONTH1 seems like a good idea, it really is one of the biggest mistakes society can make. It can cause all voices for change in society to be silenced, causing society to stop functioning and stay right. If you look at @CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1, it's not only bad for society, it's clearly unconstitutional. So let's hope that despite our @MONTH1 playing with the idea of censorship, we never go down that winding road.
I think everything should be there. Examples of what should be: all magazines, books, and @CAPS1 services. For magazines there should be all car, truck, atvs, mtvs, utvs, espn, golf, game whistleblower and wwe magazines. Books now. All book types that should be allowed are @CAPS2-@CAPS3, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6 and @CAPS7 books. And finally the @CAPS1 service. The @CAPS1 service can be used for schoolwork, play all games on any website, and use youtube on any computer. It should all be there because of certain things that some kids don't have at home.
"Books or no books?" Certain studies suggest that there are many people in this world with many different interests. Whether it's a car, a boat, a toy, or an animal, it doesn't matter what the hobby is. I firmly believe that libraries should have a large number of books. Just because one person might disagree with it doesn't mean another person shouldn't be able to read it or possibly understand it. This is an ongoing debate across the country and a decision must be made soon! There are many people all over the world making enemies. I was asked to submit my comments and I believe they should also be allowed to view any book they want. If the other party disagrees with the fact that the books are being checked out, then they don't have to read it. There are multiple solutions to this problem. Libraries can have different sections for different types of books, or sort them by class or hobby. There may also be age restrictions so kids don't get anything they shouldn't read or read. That way the other person doesn't even have to read a book he or she disagrees with. Well, I can't wait to see how it turns out! ! I also hope they make the right vote. I'm not saying my vote is the only way, it's just my opinion. Either way, there will be angry people and joyful people. So @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 let me express my opinion!
I don't think all books deemed offensive or sexual should be taken off the shelves entirely. I just think they should be placed in a section of the library where kids shouldn't be in or allowed in, like a section for adults only. I think if a kis sees something they think is interesting, and will teach them something they don't know, then they'll pick it up anyway, unless someone steps in and tells them not to. I don't think kids should be exposed to all of this, some kids are having success when they shouldn't be. If a child decides to try viewing such a book, either they should have an id, or the parent should confirm with them that they are able to view that book. I think a lot of kids are already exposed to things they shouldn't, and books like this only make things worse. Some books send a really bad message, but then again, this is for adults only and should be kept away from children. Some kids may live in a frenetic world and have split personalities or something like that, which could have serious implications for someone. If parents want their kids there to own the book or don't mind anything about it, then they have the option to get permission. I know I don't want my kids until they are @NUM1 or older, but I know some parents don't really care about it. So my best solution to this problem is to keep these books and stuff out of children's reach or have a specific age limit.
In my life, I have read many books that made me unhappy. However, they shouldn't be censored just because they look objectionable. I don't think those offensive books should be censored. One reason I think offensive books shouldn't be censored is because what seems offensive to one person, @MONTH1 won't be offensive to another. Classifying something as offensive is an opinion. Unless everyone in the world finds a book objectionable, it should be able to remain open to the public. Another reason we shouldn't censor books deemed offensive is because in our @LOCATION1 we are given the freedom to express ourselves. We will violate this right if we review books that are found to be offensive. It's not fair to the people who wrote the books and the people who love them. The next reason we shouldn't censor books deemed offensive is that if we were to censor every book we deem offensive, we wouldn't have any books to read at all. Books that some people like are considered offensive by others. For example, let's say a few people liked the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 series, but another person who later read it found it offensive and reviewed it. People who liked the @ORGANIZATION1 series will now find books that others like and review them. If this continues, we will have no books to read. Another reason I don't think books should be censored is that we'll never learn from horrific mistakes without offensive books. Suppose all books related to the two world wars are censored and cannot be read. Sooner or later, no one will remember what terrible things happened, and history may repeat itself. Books deemed offensive should not be censored unless having a book that looks offensive is worse than making the event we fear happen again. I don't think books that are considered offensive should be censored because without them we would violate our right to free expression and we would let the terrible things that happened in the past be forgotten. If there are no books that are considered offensive, we simply have no books to read
They will see it eventually. I believe there is no reason to review the library. I think they should be kept separate, maybe putting the "offensive" books in the back of the library would be enough. You must also see it in the publisher view. They want to sell and advertise their products, and they have the right to do so. Libraries shouldn't take their products off the shelf just because someone stumbles across something they find objectionable. We all know what disgusting things can be found in libraries or bookstores like @ORGANIZATION1. Displays inappropriate images, drugs, guns, etc. I believe they have received enough scrutiny. Most magazines that many consider "offensive" are always kept in the back of the store or segregated so people don't stumble across it or have their kids flip pages that spoil their minds. Some materials even come in a plastic sleeve, so people have to buy it before reading. If you decide to write and publish a book, don't you think you should have the same rights as everyone else to put it on the shelves and promote it? I do, there's no reason you shouldn't. Libraries shouldn't censor your book just because others think and find it objectionable. This is unfair in @LOCATION1. I don't think libraries should censor any material. Offensive or not, we have the right to publish and promote it
If some people feel offended, I don't think they should make public use of these books, but I personally wouldn't be offended by anything, so my opinion will differ from others. However, if the library keeps getting complaints about this issue, then I can understand why they want to get rid of it. So what I'm saying is that if it's not going to cause problems for anyone but a few people, then I believe they should keep it, but just to let the offended people know the book will be out of sight, so make The problem doesn't exist. I don't think librarians purposely put books that offend the public on display, I believe they only have them for their purpose, which is to read. I've been to the public library many times, and in all the time I've been, I don't think I've seen a single thing that offended or made me uncomfortable. These books are for the public to read and increase knowledge, without them I believe it would hurt our entire nation because we need knowledge to do things and the more knowledge we have, the better our lives will be. So no, I think libraries should keep all books unless it's causing a big problem and a lot of people keep asking it.
I think everyone has different opinions on different things, so I don't think they should because if they did it would violate the First Amendment, which says everyone has freedom of religion and speech. If you don't agree with this book or anything about @MONTH1, you can just ignore it and move on without it. Opinions are getting farther and farther these days. People need to mind their own business and stop thinking the world revolves around them. There are billions of people in @LOCATION1 and everyone sees things a little differently, which should be taken into account when getting mad with a book or movie on the library shelf. For example, I like comedy movies and sometimes horror movies, but the girl @MONTH1 doesn't like horror movies and @MONTH1 likes movies with droma or something like that. Just because we like different things doesn't mean we should only keep a certain kind of book or movie on the shelf. Yes there are some movies I don't like because they represent things that go against my religious beliefs but I'm not going to stand there and say no one should watch these movies because I don't believe them doesn't mean I should judge others about it . I know some people think that everyone should see things the same way, that everyone should agree and get along, but that's not the case, no matter how much you want people to agree and get along, it's never going to happen. I think people need to manage Do your own thing, let people read, listen and watch whatever they want and shouldn't offend anyone. I know people like to think they know everything they need to know, just because they have their own ways and ideas. With people like this, you can argue with you, but you'll never win the argument, and you'll never be able to get them to understand your point of view. They just thought my way was the right way and the only way. That's how I get mad at people when there are books or movies on the shelf that they disagree with. I just think everyone should try to underestimate what you are saying and listen to you instead of ignoring you. I feel that way, but I'm not an opinionated person and you can't change their minds.
I believe that if something is found to offend someone, it doesn't mean it offends someone else. There are books, music, movies, magazines, etc. in the library, some of the different types of stuff @MONTH1 is an offense to some people, but others @MONTH1 love it. Therefore, it should not be taken away from those who enjoy reading or listening to these things. Some things, like adult novels and veiled music, are things that people find offensive. But what they don't understand is that some people actually enjoy listening to or reading the material, so it's not right to take it away from them. Everyone should be able to have different preferences in these areas. Everyone is different. If you go to the library, you should be able to find something that suits your style or piques your interest. If what people love is taken away, then that doesn't give them the variety of things they love to do. More likely to turn them away because others don't like it or find it offensive. In the end, those who find these things objectionable have the right to have an opinion. But so do those who believe these things are good. A variety of books, music, and other things that appeal to all types of people should be kept. Everyone has the right to say they don't like something. But you don't like other people's things. So it's not fair to take what other people like.
Numerous important and life-changing books can be found in millions of libraries around the world. The big question is whether individuals should get rid of less important books, and books that are considered bad for many. It seems to me that there is a certain amount of wasted books on library shelves that need to be disposed of. That's why libraries need to discover which books are creating problems, such as books about race or religion. While Katherine Paterson was audacious against removing books from the shelves, I strongly disagree and believe that libraries should remove material that creates tension or that books go to waste on the shelves. Race is an extremely important topic in the world today, and I think books that discriminate against certain races need to be removed from libraries immediately. @CAPS2, there are exceptions to this proposal. For example, books that talk about the Civil War and the Underground Railroad need to be kept in the library because they are important historical events. Unlike the wonderful books about our nation's history, there are some less important books about race that offend people @MONTH1. In this case, libraries need to crack down on the problem and take down offensive books! Second, libraries need to be very careful about what music is made available to the public. It is important that we teach children from an early age to distinguish between right and wrong, if children hear some derogatory music on the shelf, they will completely lose the sense of right and wrong. As Katherine Paterson mentions in her quote, "All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelves." @CAPS1, too The citations can easily be applied to the music displayed in the library. Libraries expose children to derogatory music, placing a huge burden on children and their families. Overall, our society would benefit greatly if libraries removed derogatory and offensive music. In the end, Kathryn Patterson says that if we continue to remove objectionable books from our shelves, then "none of us will have any books left on our shelves". @CAPS2, that's an exaggerated @CAPS1 comment. There are millions of libraries around the world, each with thousands of items. So it would be good for our society if we could deal with the items that cause the greatest amount of tension, and there is a simple and effective way to do that. When people are at the checkout in the library, the library might have a piece of paper asking customers if they found a certain book offensive. If the same item appears frequently in the list, delete the item. This will benefit everyone as objectionable items will no longer be listed and with little effort from all parties involved. In conclusion, I disagree with Katherine Paterson's decision and believe that the library should remove objectionable material immediately. A highly controversial topic is race, and if the book doesn't tell us a historical event, it should be removed. There is certain derogatory and offensive music in the library that should be removed from the shelf as @CAPS1. A quick and efficient way to find out which books are objectionable is to provide the public with a list in which they can write down the books they find objectionable. Ultimately, libraries need to act and deal with offensive material that poses a threat to our society
If I find some material objectionable, do I think it should be taken off the shelf? There are many answers to this question, and many people have different opinions on it. For example, you have to look at all the different races, customs, and more people's beliefs to find the real answer. Some materials are very objectionable, but should they be taken off the shelves of our own libraries? There are thousands of books in the library, hundreds of books every year. The books range from romance, action packed and horror. Now, many books are starting to be considered offensive to our society today. I've read a lot of books and found almost none of them objectionable. Objects are also found in other materials such as: music, movies and magazines. I do remember listening to music, watching movies and reading magazines, but I didn't like what I was doing at all. Some of the music today is pretty bad. Judging by the misunderstanding of poultry language and words, the music got worse. Some of the movies I've seen aren't great either. Movies can be objectionable in many other ways than any other material. You get all the horror, gore and movies of all the different sex scenes made every year. This can teach young children what is right and what is right, and it can also make them aware of the meaning of life. I do believe that all of these materials should stay on the shelves of our libraries. Learning from books, music, movies and magazines is a good thing in a way. Knowing that many things in the world today offend people, I think our society is stronger only by helping us understand all of the different perspectives people have. Yes, it can go in a bad direction, but there are many ways for people to understand what's right and what's wrong to push them in the best direction. Knowing that the materials on our shelves are objectionable, I still think the right thing to do is to keep them there. Obviously people get angry and upset when they read, listen to or watch this material, but that's who we are. There will always be something offensive written and so on, but the way you handle it yourself will tell everyone around you that it is possible to change their minds about the offensive issue and see it in a better way.
In a quote written by @PERSON1, she talks about how to get a book off the shelf if it's too provocative. This is a very interesting quote. She talks about how something should be removed from the shelf to prevent children from seeing it. In everyday life, there are certain things in movies, music and magazines that children should not watch, listen to or read. Some films can be too provocative. Directors try to cover them up, but we know what they're trying to say. Some scenarios can get out of hand and cannot be stopped. People wish they could close their eyes and it would all be over. When parents watch movies, they try to keep these scenes out of their children. Parents don't want their kids to have bad ideas about what the movie says. For many kids, taking the movie to the extreme, trying to act like an actor, the kids end up hurting because of these behaviors. Music in particular can do this. There aren't many songs in the world that don't involve language, drugs or pornography. Many parents don't want them to suffer this way anytime soon. If people hear this, they might want to try it out and end up going down the wrong path from these things being said. Mothers don't want their kids out of jail for doing songs they love to listen to. It was not a mother's dream to do this. There are too many magazines trying to expose women. They use it to try and view more magazines. This is the wrong approach. A while back a magazine took a picture of a girl and tried to expose her, which was wrong. Parents don't want their kids to see this and get the wrong idea. When girls look at models in magazines, they try to be models. Their girls end up underweight, sick, and possibly even drugged. If parents see the magazine, they should take the magazine away from them if they don't agree. Some parents let their children escape too much. They should review what their children are doing. Some kids will try to get around them so it doesn't help them. Everyone's point of view is different. People @MONTH1 thought the scene was provocative, another person @MONTH1 looked at that and said nothing wrong. It just depends on what society thinks about the whole situation. If we take movies or music down because of what they say, there's no content on the shelves
Libraries are an important resource for accessing information around the world. They contain many different styles and genres of books. Some may not be suitable for young children to read. Some debate whether certain books are too objectionable to sit on library shelves. I believe no book should deny this right. Most kids who go to the library already know what books they want and are always with adults. Most libraries have children's areas. Offensive books are most likely to appear in the teen or adult section, not the children's section. So, in my opinion, it's really impossible for a child to find these "offensive" books. Kids today are exposed to more explicit topics, but I doubt they'll want to read a book about them. Next, if a child goes to the checkout, the librarian should be able to tell their parent or guardian that certain books are not suitable for children of that age. Going back to my point, children usually go to the library with their guardians and they should be supervised at all times while they are in the library. If an adult cares deeply about what their child is reading, they can easily decide what is offensive. In the end, authors shouldn't be punished for writing what they believed or liked. They work hard to write and publish their novels, and they should be able to show them off. If librarians did remove books because they offended certain adults, a lot of them would disappear from the shelves. The citation used in this article explains this idea more thoroughly. People should be able to read whatever they want, offensive or not. Can the child do it? Depends on the parents. It is impossible for a child to look at an objectionable book and take it home to read without the guardian's knowledge. Yes, all parents don't care what their children read, so this can happen. Just because some adults complain that books are too offensive to their children doesn't mean a resistance has to take place. Those parents should step up and be more strict about what their children can and cannot read. Some of the most "offensive" books are the best to read.
Today, censorship is a major part of the media. It's everywhere: books, movies, songs and TV shows. The government is trying to make the kids of @DATE1 less corrupt, but anyway, they'll end up learning all the things that are scrutinized by their friends and peers. I think censorship is a waste of time for the government. In @DATE1's society, kids learn mature information faster than they should. Media censorship should focus more on children and adolescents. It should not be placed in more mature movies and music, such as movies with adult content and rap. These are more of an adult and teen item than a children's item. If parents allow their children to listen and watch certain media, then they must feel that their children are mature and informed enough not to be primarily affected by it. Censorship also destroys the quality of books, music and movies. Certain words help to better express people and their opinions. If they can't use the specific words they think best describe them, it tends to destroy their character qualities. People cannot be themselves when they have to pay attention to what they say and are looked down upon for their language choices. I, myself, are very free about my language and what I say inappropriate and vulgar. They are just part of my nature and help me express myself better. There may be better, more appropriate words to use when I'm in public, but then I don't feel like I'm totally myself. I think censorship is corrupting our society. The government is trying to control us through censorship. I'm not one of those paranoid people who think the government is going to catch them. This happens to be one of my thoughts on censorship. We should get rid of it. It is changing the way people live and the way they think they can act around others. People have to be careful about what they say, and I think that makes it more challenging to speak and try to express yourself. Censorship should stop before it destroys the quality of all media.
How would you feel if your son or daughter saw a nude photo of someone and kept hearing bad words from a song in the library! Are you really willing to give it to your child? Thought the library was supposed to be a learning center, but didn't know it was a bad place. People have their own opinions on everything! A lot of things are changing these days, and not for the better! Television, books and music are getting dirty and unpleasant. Please help try and help us stop this! We don't want it to spread to our children the same way it spreads to other people! Some people like this stuff with bad behavior! One of the things that attracts them is the beat, it just makes them want to start dancing. Another reason they love it is because their friends love it too! Today, people are increasingly becoming followers rather than leaders they should be. When people grow up, they usually have an idol, whether it's a singer, writer, or actor. When that idol gets older, it most likely won't be the same person who thinks the same way as @DATE1, they're going to get worse most of the time! They get caught up in drugs or the fame that drugs put them in. When this happens, people relax instead of being interested in them unless they think it's cool! It all depends on the person! Some people thrive on these things! Libraries should be suitable for all ages! If a kid finds something bad in the library and tells their friends or parents that it's just putting the library down, they don't want to go there anymore. It's just hurting libraries because it's going to lose a lot of their business. Younger kids are being exposed to more things they shouldn't be exposed to these days! What little kids already know is disgusting! I heard that they have a boyfriend and a girlfriend, how can @DATE know bad things when she is only 1 years old! It might have something to do with the parent or friend the child chooses, but I think it's right! Kids are growing fast because of what they know! Movies, music, books, etc. are not like the fifties or even the eighties of yesteryear, and yes, they're not the best, but it's getting a little extreme these days. What they say in the song, what we see in the movies, and the pictures we see in magazines are all spiraling out of control. There should be a section that only blocks people 18 and over with all the inappropriate content in music, movies, and magazine articles/images. People should have the ID they have to get into this section! This will try to prevent kids from seeing what they are when they were younger. This might not even work, but it's worth a try! The world is no longer a happy place! It is full of violence, sex, drugs, etc. Some parents don't care what their children do, say or see. It all depends on the family. Whether they believe @CAPS1 or not is another example! It always affects their actions and thoughts! People try to do the smallest things, they try to change the world. This is what people need to do and not get involved in horrible things. They need to get involved and stay away from these bad things; seeing bad pictures, hearing bad words, seeing horrible things in movies. Try to make a difference! Don't be a follower because it won't get you anywhere in life! Statistics all!
I believe that books should not be taken off library shelves because we cannot survive without them. Books and media help humans empathize with one another and understand what has happened so we dont repeat the same mistakes and repeat them. Some books are meant to entertain, others are meant to educate and help children understand what happened in the past. It is not necessary to take books from the shelves in schools and libraries because you are taking from a child who has nothing else to turn to and know what the teacher is saying in the classroom other than the school. Offensive books should be taken down, but books that make sense to people and help you succeed should not. Some schools do not have books to read because they are in a poor country and have nothing to do but go to school and study. Books are important in so many ways, and if they take it off the shelf, it's going to be a big farce because people all over the world need to know everything that's been done and who's done it. Some books don't make sense, but it doesn't matter whether it makes sense or not.
There are so many movies and books in the world today that its hard to watch or read them all. They all have different looks and ideas. Not everyone in the world likes all the same movies, books and music, we all have different testicles. That's why I don't think it's right to take a book or movie off the shelf. I think they do so many different types of things because we do have different beliefs like relegen, class and culture. Music, rock, rap, hip-hop, country, jazz, the list goes on. If you just took it off the shelf because someone somewhere thought it was offered, we wouldn't have music or anything like that. I don't really have to be offended by anything, but I do know I've watched a few of these shows, and I guess some people find it funny. Books, which also have many different gerens in them, like music, so if it has a bad piece, or a rude annicdout some people @MONTH1 don't like it. The book is beautiful. It would be too bad if they were all gone. Then it's hard to learn or teach anything. As an example @CAPS1 is one of the most read books in the world, if they took it off the shelf just because some people didn't believe it, a lot of things would change and the releges wouldn't be the same anyway. That's how everything happens, and most people are really unhappy about it. The way I put it in my head is that if they don't like it, they don't have to read it or watch it or learn it. Every single thing in all these bisnisses is a risk. It's all about how you view books, movies, music, etc. So I think taking it off the shelf is a bad choice. That's why we have our own free will and make the choices you want, good or bad, right or wrong. You probably don't think about it too much, but this kind of thing does happen, it might not be in your town, but it will happen somewhere in the world
I think some of the materials that are harmful to children are books, music, movies and even magazines. There are a lot of unsafe material for children in books as they can use @CAPS1 books and other unsafe material. Another thing is the music, even the music videos have a lot of swear words. Movies, like @CAPS1 movies, some kids @MONTH1 watch them and mirror what they've seen on TV. Next up are the magazines, which have materials like appropriate pictures explaining why they should take books, music, movies, and magazines off the shelves.
How would you feel if you were forced to enjoy only what everyone else likes? If you are limited to certain subjects because all other options are excluded, you may start to feel trapped. Every person in this world is different from the next person. So I believe everyone should be able to read whatever they want without any restrictions. Some of the reasons for my opinion are personal values, unique interests, and the fact that people should have the right to read the books they like without being judged by others. My first reason has to do with personal values. For example, someone with high authority @MONTH1 finds a book, magazine or movie inappropriate because of their values and beliefs. So if the person is the owner of the library, they will be able to discard all books and movies related to that topic. It's not fair to anyone who likes these topics. My next reason is that everyone has their own unique interests. If someone starts working on books they're not interested in in the library, they're going to lose all the visitors who find the topic enjoyable. This can lead to problems with the library and frustrate those who think reading about a topic is a good way to pass the time. Everyone likes things differently and has different opinions. They shouldn't be forced to read only what the other person chooses. People should also have the right to read the books they like without being judged by others. I know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you love is totally unfair. If everyone did what everyone else did, nothing unusual would be accomplished in our world. Many people take inspiration from books and movies, so if these are limited to specific topics, people start feeling pressure to stay the same. Everyone should have the right to enjoy what makes Books should be something everyone should have a choice. With an endless selection of books and movies, a person can learn about many different things and develop a more open mind. If everyone in this world opens up, people become more receptive to others. So I believe anything published should be there for the public to read. No one should be limited by the values or interests of others. The right to read your favorite books, magazines and movies should always be there.
Should we remove books and media because they are offensive? I do not believe. In this article, I will describe to you why I think this way. Offensive is a controversial word. Whether it's kissing that offends books and media, or swearing or fighting. Many people see many different things. Many of the off-the-books books young people read today are "offensive" to older generations. That's because today's standards are different. Children are more free to do what they want, say what they want, and let offense become a changing word. If a book, song or video is objectionable, parents should take it with their children. What is offensive to some people is good to others. Just because it's there doesn't mean we have to see it. So all in all, I don't think books and media should be removed from the bookshelf for being offensive, because offensive is a word that's constantly changing, and it's different for everyone.
In my personal opinion, I do believe that certain material, whether in books, music, magazines, or movies, should be removed or edited more carefully. Most parents, including mine, want their children to behave well and not use foul language or make out with their boyfriend or girlfriend at inappropriate times, but we advocate it and it's not acceptable. In bookstores and even libraries, they have books on their shelves that could be considered inappropriate. We encourage and even push kids to read, but we can't even say, pick any book you want. These books @MONTH1 have foul language, gang violence, and even sex jokes I wouldn't even consider giving to my niece or cousin. There are many kinds of music in the real world. Everyone has their favorite music and their least favorite music. In my opinion, you can't make everyone happy, so you just ignore it. You can buy different cds, cassate tapes and even records. Yes, I think some people put things in their music that are inappropriate, but we can always change the station of the station. You don't have to buy that CD, and you can always ride without music. Magazines can get ugly sometimes. Whether it's @PERSON1 with no hair on the front page, or @LOCATION1's next top model. Frankly, I wouldn't mind seeing this in a magazine, but strict parents @MONTH1 don't want their kids exposed to @NUM1's behavior. Magazines can talk about anything, like drugs, alcohol, or winning the lottery. You just have to choose wisely what you and your kids watch. People can be pretty crazy about what they do and how they do it. Whether it's writing, singing, or taking pictures, you know there's always someone going to do something inappropriate. This is the reality and there is nothing we can do about it. If you don't want to listen, don't listen. Don't buy it if you don't want to see it. it's simple
Library Censorship! Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable? No! I don't think they should be taken off the shelves. I believe everyone is entitled to their opinion, @CAPS1 if something offends someone @CAPS2 @MONTH1 and not another. No one has the same idea or opinion about something, that's why there are all kinds of books, music, movies, etc. @CAPS2 @MONTH1 will offend another person if you come up with something "offensive". People just need to stop being selfish and understand that everyone is different and we all have different interests
Many people, after reading a book, listening to a song, watching a movie, or reading a magazine, find themselves uncomfortable or uneasy about that medium and feel that it should be taken off the shelf where they found it . I feel that since everyone has their own definition of offensive and disturbing, libraries and media centers should keep these materials separate from other books, magazines, or @CAPS1. My point is that not everyone will find the same things disturbing or offensive. It depends on that person's background, religion and personal beliefs. I don't think books, magazines or @CAPS1 should be banned from library shelves just because that particular person found the material objectionable. If they find it disturbing then they should stop reading that book or magazine or listen to that @CAPS3. One should not choose to put a certain book or magazine on the shelf because somewhere, I'm sure there are people who don't find it objectionable. Part of the purpose of writing a book or song is to express one's opinion on a topic, and if the reader or listener disagrees with them, then they should respect the director's or writer's opinion and move on. If a library or media center contains inappropriate books, magazines or movies, they should create dedicated areas or shelves to hold these materials. This area can be created for adult or mature readers, viewers or listeners. I also believe that such inappropriate books and other media should be labeled as offensive or explicit. If someone finds a song, book or magazine article objectionable or disturbing; I don't think one has the right to remove it from the public and there are other ways to keep readers or listeners out of such material, @MONTH1 doesn't Knowing it can be offensive. If a warning sign appears, then readers or listeners should be aware that they risk being offended or disturbed. If such steps are taken, I think they will delight all readers, viewers and listeners.
Everyone is different, and in different processes, people have many different views on what is acceptable or unacceptable or offensive. Very offensive to one person @MONTH1 Don't offend others, it's all a matter of values and beliefs. The library contains a variety of books, music, movies, magazines and other materials on a variety of topics, some of which @MONTH1 is not for everyone. I don't think it should be taken off the shelf just because one person or group of people finds it offensive. The offended group is not forced to read that book or magazine, listen to that music, or watch that movie. Materials are placed in libraries for public enjoyment, not just to please some people. However, I do believe that the materials in the library should be clearly categorized. If they are clearly categorized, people are less likely to accidentally take something that offends them, and can completely avoid books, movies, magazines, and music that they don't read, watch, or listen to. It also helps keep kids away from unused materials. In conclusion, if objectionable material is found, it should not be removed from the shelf. Offensive to one person, another person may enjoy watching, listening to or reading. It's impossible to please everyone because everyone has a different opinion, but careful organization can avoid situations. If everything that is offensive to some people is found to be taken off the shelf in the library, there is nothing left
I don't think books deemed offensive should be removed from public libraries. I can understand if it's the school library that's the problem, because these extremely explicit books contain some material that's not suitable for kids to read. I feel that some of these materials seem to be helpful in understanding other people's perspectives on certain topics. While books can call this material objectionable, to some people it's the culture and their way of life. What would happen if every book deemed obnoxious was moved to the shelf? Some of the funniest books I've ever read have been controversial. These books are eye-opening and amazing. I can read about other people's lives and their daily struggles and it blows my mind. If we all made big decisions based on one person's opinion, our world would be a mess. So if all these "offensive" books are to be removed, all that's left is to read. I want to read something that catches my eye and makes me want to keep reading. If the books were removed, I don't think I would have that experience.
I believe censorship is rarely accepted, certainly not in libraries, schools or elsewhere. Censorship prevents knowledge from being acquired and spreads ignorance and intolerance. Libraries and schools are places where free thinking, discovery and learning are encouraged. Censorship prevents these things from happening. If people are prevented from reading what they want, a lot of people won't. Not all children and teens enjoy reading. If there's a book that shows interest to a reluctant reader, why would anyone want to take it away? Because @CAPS11 or does she find it offensive? Because @CAPS11 or she disagrees with the views expressed? Nor is it a valid reason for censorship. Most justifications for scrutiny will not stand the test of time. Numerous books that were challenged in the past are considered classics and/or important works today, such as To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS3 by @ORGANIZATION2, and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @PERSON3. For @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @PERSON1 censored for racist language. @CAPS12 Language helps set time periods in fiction. Also, to @CAPS1 and @CAPS9 about a lawyer defending a falsely accused black man in @LOCATION1. The main antagonist is an ignorant racist. The book itself is not racist, just the villain of the story. Censorship for such reasons is not the same as not allowing young children to watch violent events. Preventing kids from watching movies rated @CAPS10 or reading letters to @ORGANIZATION3 is a different issue than censorship. I define censorship as preventing someone from seeing or reading something due to personal opinion and not for the benefit of a protected person. Children must be sheltered when they are young, if necessary, but must also be matured in reading as they mature. If someone lives a life of reading only the books others choose for him or her and watching only the movies and shows they choose for him or her, then @CAPS11 or she will not be his or her own. Living a secluded life can catch up with people when they reach adulthood. They don't have their own opinions and are basically ignorant of the world around them. @PERSON2 said, "@CAPS11 ruins a good book and ruins reason itself." @CAPS12 is what happens to people who grew up with censorship; they don't have a reason. Censorship can shape people, not make them better. People who grow up free to read and watch what they wish to see may have different outcomes. These people can have their own opinions and values that are formed by factors such as the influential books they have read throughout their lives. Many of these people understand others better and promote tolerance. Censorship robs people of all these wonderful qualities. Anyone can have them. Censorship cannot be considered the norm. Libraries and schools should allow children and youth to learn and grow. This is the purpose of educational institutions. So censorship should not even be considered. It should be the policy of all schools and libraries that students freely read what they want
I don't think libraries should delete books, music, movies, magazines, etc. I think libraries should keep them because they have a lot of people with their own style of reading. Sometimes I go to the library to get a book, and then I go to magazines, movies, music. They have a lot of movies now, and now you can go see them. The same goes for music. I feel like if kids have their stuff in the library they love, they should go for it. I'm sure they have educational books, movies and magazines. If people take out what kids and teens love. Some of them may not come back. They also have many students who listen to music and watch movies. I like how easy it is to peek movies from the library, and they always have the movie you're looking for. Movies are easy to find. It's fast. If there's something offensive in the music, they should take it off the shelves because people think, if they know movies, music, magazines and books are offensive to the public, why are they on the shelves? Conclusion I want people in the library to take the offensive stuff off the shelves. It will get people in and they will respect those people more. The public doesn't have to worry about picking up a book with a lot of stuff their kids don't need to see, read, or listen to. This applies to movies, music, magazines, books, etc. I really want people to make the right choice
Almost everyone has seen, heard, written or said something that offends someone. Most people who offend others do so in music, books or movies. While others have offended people with their wording. If someone finds something offensive, they should ask to put it somewhere else so it's still available, ask for a vote to remove it from the shelf, or just keep it until they know they're offending more than one person. When someone gets mad at something they see and hear in the library, that person should ask to relocate the objectionable meter they saw or heard. In this case, other people can still watch, listen or read books or magazines, movies or music. Just because something is offensive to one person doesn't mean it is offensive to another. A book or magazine, song or movie can offend a lot of people, so it should be voted down or left in the library. In this way, there is an opportunity for the material to be usable in the future. Some music and movies may be removed and then replaced with censored versions for those who are not offended. In some cases, only one person was offended by something in the library. In these cases, the person may choose to wait until others are offended by the material before finding it offensive. If material offends someone, they should relocate it, vote it down, or keep it silent. If relocated, others can still use the material. It can be kept or deleted when a vote is cast. Someone can spy on the objectionable material after others have found it too.
If I find something objectionable, then yes, it should be removed from the shelf. Libraries are a place for everyone, not just one kind of person. If something offends you, then you don't want others of your race, religion or family to read it and be offended. Yes, we have freedom of speech and can say whatever we want, but I think it should only stop there and then it should stop. Someone can only take so much, and then when they get to that point, there is no benefit. If someone writes about black people and says they're all stupid just because they're black, black people don't just sit idly by and do nothing. After you name someone or choose a name, it scars them for life and may damage their entire communication skills for the rest of their lives. Not all of them, but some even hurt themselves or others. So if I see a book on a public library shelf that offends me, yes, I want it removed so it doesn't offend anyone else. I don't think hurting someone's feelings is worth messing up their whole life or letting them hurt themselves. If something hurts you or offends you, will you let it happen, or will you use the rights we've been given and try to make it right without hurting anyone else? Do you want somneone to write about you in a mean way? You might try to get it right. If you can fix something and not just because you don't like it and it continues to offend other people, then it's not only the fault of the person who wrote it, but I can see that it's your fault for that person to still hit people.
Should we remove objectionable items or materials from public libraries? My belief is no because many people in today's society are very offensive to themselves, these books are meant to show a life of fiction or fact, when you censor something, others try their best to try to find an uncensored version of the same s material. Art books are another thing that shouldn't be censored because the artist doesn't want to be perverted or offended, he or she just wants to show his view of art in a form he or she thinks people will find art. Censorship is important in some ways, but you also have to keep an open mind, because people who find offensive content may not feel that way later in life. So my belief is not to censor something because it might offend some people because there are a lot of people who might not offend it, whether it's books, music, videos, video games, writing, or movies. We will all have a democracy that decides whether something should be appropriate or not. So is your idea to review a book for its content or leave it for people to decide? My thinking is that censorship is ethical, but you also have to think it's unethical to take a book from readers who might find it interesting. So please don't censor our public library books, we need to have books that are fact or fiction, but also have a great story. My other thought is what I would do is let the reader decide to review it or keep it the intended way.
I think it is harmful if there is a book in the library. Then you must be at least @NUM1 years old to view. I say @NUM1 because at that age you should know what's right or wrong, and if it's wrong you can deal with it. I mean, if you know it's wrong, don't read it, no one will let you read it. It's different if someone likes it but no one likes it. Some people like to read different kinds of books, just because it's not correct and hurts you doesn't mean it's going to hurt anyone it @MONTH1 makes it helpful to some people, if it's tgaken then there won't be in the library Any book for anyone to consult and read. Because the books out there hurt some people if you let them read them. If you have any questions about this, you can reach me at @NUM3, ask @PERSON1, we can discuss it, maybe you @MONTH1 will change my mind, or after you read this, you will think like me. I The reason for this is because like I said before, there are parts of the book that will hurt someone, so you should be @NUM1 to check out some of the books. If you are hurt by a pile of books then I would advise you to stop reading because a book is a book that will not hurt you. There are many people in the world who love books and resourceful stuff. What I disagree with is that the kids go to the library after class to play games and put puzzles together, and that's the problem I'm having. I mean, people do go there to work, but some people say they have jobs and they don't. They just want to get out of class and not work. People go there to play games, and when people need to use computers, there's no need to go because the kids are playing games. However, as the books section of the library, I have no problem with that, and that's what I would say about books that hurt people is don't read them, other people like them around them.
Books, movies, magazines, and more are available in many libraries. But some of these items are deemed inappropriate for certain age groups. I believe every customer in a library should have the ability to choose what they want to read. It's up to the parent or child to decide what they want. Let's start with books. There are many different types of books. From scientific data on human anatomy to dragons and vampires. How can you choose a book that is thought to be right for you? The answer is simple. When you were young, your parents helped you choose the right books to read, and as you matured, you started to make those choices yourself. Whether you should read a certain book is up to you. Movie guides follow the same pattern. Your parents helped you choose the right movies when you were young. When you grow up, you learn to read movies and check the ratings. If it looks intimidating, or inappropriate or violent, you can choose whether to see it or not. Sometimes you see objectionable material in a movie or book. If you strongly disagree with it, turn the dilemma over to the librarian. Discuss why you think the movie/book is inappropriate and offer some ideas on how to handle the situation. Some suggestions might be: remove the item from the shelf, or make an additional review of the book, or write to the author/film director. The easiest solution, though, is to ignore the objectionable item. If it offends you, just send it back to the library and warn your friends not to look at it. Others @MONTH1 still love this project, even if you don't. There are many books, movies, magazines, etc. in the world. Some @MONTH1 are seen as rude or offensive. There are many other options that are "good". So if you disapprove of a book, just take it back to the library and find a book you like.
Should books, music, movies and magazines be removed if found offensive? Well, I think they should vote for everyone who goes to that library to decide. Some people may not find it as offensive as others. No, because people's beliefs are different from others. I think they should vote for everyone who goes to that library to decide because the staff may think it's morally incorrect and morally objectionable. But others, like readers, may think differently than the staff. The employee is not the one who reads all the books of the client. Some people may not find it as offensive as others because everyone thinks differently. Nobody thinks the same way unless someone tells them what the other person thinks. If they take out a book for the wrong reasons, the library could lose its people. Whether they like it or not, all books teach us a lesson about life. No, because people have different beleafs and others. In a church, that book might be loud, and they might live around that library. In this way, you will miss the opportunity to go to the library to read books. For example, if libraries choose to bring out bibles and romance novels, they will lose a lot of customers. Their business will fail. Library staff shouldn't choose out loud which books are loud because if someone gets fined, they get the money. So my answer is no, because they should put it up for a vote, some people might not find it as objectionable as others, and people have different creeds than others. It is impossible that no one thinks the same as the next
Dear editor, I don't think we should take any movies, books or music. I mean really it would start contradicting. Then we have legal action. I've seen what happens when you take a book away from yourself. People started yelling because they didn't find it offensive. Then they said they were going to suw. In the end it costs mouney to go to corght. I've also seen what happens when you take the music away from yourself. People were yelling at first. Then they started getting violent. Know that you have a group of people destroying your store because you deleted some music. That's why we need to keep them intact. You can take it any way you want, but I hope you learn it before it's too late. I hope you put this at the top of the list thank you. yours, @PERSON1
I don't think any material should be removed from library shelves. I take a firm stand on this because it is an option for reading objectionable material. I don't want a young kid looking for inappropriate material just because he's not interested in them. Like I don't want an adult looking for a kid's book. Basically, there is a mature barrier that separates the reading interests of each age group. There is no point in removing any material from the library, because you will get nowhere. People offended primarily by children have been exposed to violent video games that glorify war and violence. And you can't just keep removing material you find objectionable. If you remove objectionable material from your library, then I guess you have to shut down the internet too. A child can more easily find whatever objectionable things they want to find on the computer by clicking a button. Also in libraries, they have age-level restrictions on cards to prevent children from viewing objectionable material. Some people may like objectionable material. If material is removed, many people will be upset that the library is not carrying what they want. There will be many complaints and questions. Some people may stop going to the library because of the limited content. The best way is to let the library have whatever material they want. Many people will be satisfied, most people will be happy
Author Katherine Paterson makes a good point when she says that there are books on the shelf that people wish they had children they didn't even read, or that people wish they hadn't read. But if you're going to take away any offensive books, there are hardly any books in this world. There will always be people who find books they don't like because of the tone the author uses, or they don't like what they call each other. People have ideas about how they want to live or how they want their children to live. Taking books off the shelf because people don't like them will result in no more books on our shelves. I feel like if there is a book about kids drinking on the shelf that has a bad effect on life there, because they do drink, then the kids who read it might stop drinking or even try drinking. Books about being raped, they didn't tell because they were afraid of what would happen. Then in the long run, tell them after they're pregnant or injured. They said they wished they would tell them it might help the kids if this happened or it might happen, it might help them feel relieved, and tell someone and save themselves. Books like this shouldn't be taken off the shelf just because one person doesn't like it, and in the long run if they do take it off some people may be hurt or don't know what to do, and it may be that one person doesn't like it it's wrong. How would you feel if you did this to someone. Maryrin @CAPS1 is a great author showing what you @MONTH1 thought was good, but turned out pretty bad. Her book is very focused on how girls need to pay attention to what they are doing to keep themselves safe. I have a friend whose parents don't like the music on her ipod. So she had to take it off. Well, she took it off and made the song they didn't like @CAPS2. She drives, so when she drives, there is always music on the radio so she can listen to songs that aren't on the iPod. This is just one example of how you will always listen to what you want to hear. Music will always be there. There will always be songs that people don't like. Either because of the religion there, or even if they don't like the word used. But even if they stopped playing songs on the radio, there was still the internet and people could get songs from there. There are songs that shouldn't be out there, but the more people try to get those songs out into the world and the people who listen to them, the more kids and even adults try to listen to them. In today's world, there is always a good song and a bad song. Artics always has a bad song right now and they have to turn it into a good song. Songs are just that. This is how they use their brains. No one can stop them. Not even those who put out songs and put them on the radio. In the long run, the more people try to prevent things from not being in this world, the more people try to get them. Taking the books off the shelf and the music off the radio is a very bad idea. When you don't listen to people, people need to hear what bad things can happen. A kid @MONTH1 who grew up knowing not to talk to people they didn't know, but never really understood how bad it could be. But when they read a book about the kidnapping of kids there, they @MONTH1 got a clearer picture of why in life. So, if I may say so myself, I think it's a very bad idea to take the book off the shelf because a mother or two fathers don't think the book is for their little girl or teenage son. They need to read for themselves and find out what happens if they do. Put the book on yourself. Go ahead and play some music. Let your kids or grandchildren discover the dangers themselves, not you tell them all the time. I'm a teenage girl and I'd rather read it and have my parents tell me over and over. So put the book on the shelf. That radio plays. Just do it safely.
Should books, magazines, music and movies be taken off shelves if they are found to be objectionable? I think the answer is yes, as long as it offends more than a few people. If it offends only a few people, then I think the answer should be no. Why delete them if they offend a lot of people? They should be removed because offensive things can lead to more drama. It's almost like when people were segregated. Apartheid led to struggle between peoples. How would you feel if quarantine still exists? You may be upset and feel unfair because you can't do something. That's probably how some people feel when offended by the media. Why shouldn't it be removed for offending a few people? They should not be removed as they may be able to help the younger generation decide what is right and what is wrong. They can help by letting people choose between right and wrong. If nothing offends anyone, how will the younger generation learn to judge right from wrong? In my opinion, it all depends on how many people are offended by it. Either way there are ups and downs. It's hard to teach the younger generation to judge for themselves if you delete everything that offends anyone. This is mainly because you only have one point of view, one which is perfect for everyone. In my opinion, this view does not exist. So I believe that by removing everything that offends anyone, we don't own the media. However, serious problems can arise if we don't remove any objectionable content. For example, a fight might break out, or even a war, depending on how many people were offended. The last thing our society needs is a fight. So my answer to removing objectionable stuff has to be yes and no.
Everyone dares to make their own decisions. If that includes keeping their own kids from reading certain books, that's fine, but that doesn't mean they have to make that decision for everyone. Everyone has their own opinion about some books and may not be as humble as others, but taking books out of the library is not thinking about other people. If some books are offensive to a certain race or religion etc. Then ignore it and continue. There is no reason to take these books out as we all know that certain books may be used for research and people in need. Taking certain books out of the library is depriving young people of the very important contemporary literature of the future. @CAPS1 is a great example, at the time it was published, a lot of people wanted to get rid of this book because it was not traditional, this book is now being used in our classrooms and is teaching us a lot of literary skills. There are countless books like @CAPS1 being brought out of the library right now, and future writers may deeply appreciate them. Katherine Paterson has the potential of many authors, and taking out books that offend others will leave us without books. It's not fair for a hard-working writer to have a book band who works so hard and owns a library because some parents don't approve of it. If they disagree with the book, tell the child not to take it. A library is a place to enjoy countless different styles of literature and should not be limited. Libraries are places of discovery, not limitations.
Libraries are generally known for protecting our kids and maintaining an educational atmosphere, however, you'd be surprised what our kids @MONTH1 find in such a seemingly friendly place. With a simple library card, kids have access to a wealth of information that might teach them lessons you don't want them to learn. But no one can keep looking over their child's shoulder. The answer to this question is rigorous scrutiny. Books are large, powerful, and informative. While most parents think that publishing companies will keep children from reading misunderstood books, the truth is whether libraries can lend books. Most of the time, only adults can understand what the characters in the book are going through. This @MONTH1 is because adults have more experiences in their own lifetimes. Another common belief is that separating libraries for young and old would solve the problem. The truth is, even if adults check out one medium from older options, that doesn't stop younger kids from witnessing or reading something as simple as a video or a magazine at home. The only solution is to stop this material from entering the library and censor the offensive, misunderstood media before it falls into the wrong hands. Libraries are great for research or school projects, but inappropriate books and magazines shouldn't end up in places that provide your child with an educational experience. Increased scrutiny is necessary to help maintain and maintain the educational climate of our library and to protect our children from offensive material
If certain material is found to be offensive, I don't think it should be removed. If someone reads something and offends them, they can do something else. I'm not the type to be easily offended, so I don't know if my opinion fits. Everyone gets offended by something, so I see why people find something offensive. But honestly, if someone reads something and thinks it's offensive, they can choose to state why they think it's offensive, or they can ignore it. In the library, I think if @CAPS1 finds a story objectionable, they should be able to take it off the shelf, after all they work there. If it was me, I'd let it go, and if someone asked me to delete it, I'd probably do it. Now a lot of people seem to be very angry with everything. But a material should not be removed from library shelves unless @CAPS1 or the manager find it objectionable, then I can understand their decision.
Library review. Have you ever walked into a library, walked over to those huge, cluttered shelves, and picked up a book that looked promising and worth reading? Well, what happens if you go and read the summary of this unfathomably good book and you just feel... alienated by the writing style of the book? Do you want to take that book off the shelf? Well, I do. But if everyone took books they didn't like off the shelf, even if there were books to read, there would be a minuscule amount. Books based on @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or even @CAPS3 can be annoying because it isolates people. When you go to sections of your local library, which section do you start sprinting towards? There are tons of different types of books in the adult section, but what do you do when you find a book about @CAPS4? What would you do if you were a person of a certain faith and you found a book that made fun of your faith? Nothing, because there is freedom of speech. You @MONTH1 are uncomfortable with this book being sold around the world, but what if someone feels the same way about your favorite book. This is a topic that people have been "debating" for years. Suppose you slipped onto a distancing shelf. Is this colorful book just to get your attention? You're picking up the book and looking for it, you're talking about @CAPS2. This might make anyone uncomfortable. I personally don't agree with making fun of people this way. People look different for a purpose, not to shame them, but we don't all look the same, we can be who we are. If you picked up a book and someone was making fun of their looks and @CAPS3, what would you do? A joke can certainly make everyone love you, but when a person doesn't really like you, say a thousand words. Different types of features include: bigger or smaller, taller or shorter, brown, blond or red hair. Millions were criticized and teased mercilessly because they looked a little different. Everyone is teased once in their life. It's not very funny to the person being made fun of. Books based on @CAPS4, @CAPS2 or even @CAPS3 can be annoying because it isolates people. I am writing to tell you that I don't support some of the books on the market or @CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11, but if everyone thought so, there would be no books. So I don't think we should take books off the shelf. We just have to accept the fact that everyone is different, it's no joke. Where would the world be today if we believed in these topics as we did years ago? Don't take the book off the shelf, maybe one day it will represent what the world used to be
Some members of my community have brought to my attention that the local library is planning to remove materials such as our books, movies and music. I confronted them and they made no effort to modify the censorship that had happened. I know some of @MONTH1's work is offensive to some viewers, but I believe that all should be able to gain the knowledge they wish to gain. These works, which they wish to condemn and banish, are works of passion and labor. What I've noticed is that they see compromising material as some of the most passionate and sincere labor of expression; I'm a firm believer that this eviction hurts more than those expelled. This robs these artists of their own freedom of expression and suppresses something simple, our own expression. The ability of the human brain is unlimited, but the people who can perform its functions are limited. Knowledge is the key to unlocking a broader understanding of the world around us, and I believe this scrutiny highlights what I am trying to portray in my own exposition of ideas. I believe we have come a long way in the evolution of literature, and I would hate to see the flame of creative inspiration go out in a modest sprint. Just because of some broken heartstrings? Or a superfluous tear lost on earth, dusted by some forsaken ignorance, misunderstood language destined to disappear; out of a loss of understanding? I don't think so. In conclusion, I've pointed out what I want to communicate, and I'm adamantly against this kind of censorship. I'm just one voice, but it's a call, and I believe we can accomplish great things together. So let's speak up and beat this repression of expression
Knowledge @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Have you ever deleted something that was misinterpreted as offensive even though you didn't believe it was? @CAPS2 I don't believe either, nor do I believe that libraries should do this. Removing books, movies, magazines and music from libraries is unconstitutional and seems to tend to control the way people think, known as communism. Also, anyone can find anything objectionable, so everything @CAPS2 is objectionable and removed. Then the library @CAPS2 no longer exists. What about in court? Without telling one side of the story, how will the jury decide whether the defendant is guilty or innocent? Bringing out certain "offensive" learning materials @CAPS2 leaves people in a state of boredom. Do you want the government to control your thoughts? I do not think so. In @LOCATION1, modern @LOCATION2, @PERSON1 did just that. He decides exactly what people think. He does this by longing for something they can read, write and listen to. Sounds like something you can buy at a library, right? We can't let the government control our thoughts, and most libraries are government-run. If we let them dictate what we read and listen to, that's the first step in losing our freedom, and no one wants to lose theirs. Suppose a white man walks into a library and reads a book about racism and how it can help the country. Then, at the same time, @CAPS3 @CAPS4 women go into the same library and get a book on why women are better than men. Then they met, and the books women wanted men were banned, the books men wanted women were banned, and both books were deleted. Then both parties were unhappy because both of their books were missing. The point is, anything can be objectionable if you just look at it, or look at it too much. Also, if all content is found to be objectionable and all objectionable material is removed, all books and study materials will disappear. Nobody is happy. What would you do if you were on trial for murdering someone and the defendant's lawyers made their point that made you look like a murderer and you couldn't defend yourself? You're going to jail, probably an innocent person, and you'll be labeled a murderer for the rest of your life, all because your story isn't being heard. This is unjust, unfair and unconstitutional. If we let this happen to our libraries, half of the books will be sentenced to a "death penalty" without a "fair trial". So if you want to have a library system that's not @CAPS4, communist and unfair, that's your choice, but I believe the way we do things right now is fine. No book should be banned for its material because no one but the author knows exactly what it is about. People can read what they want without having to read what they don't want to. That's the freedom we have, you have the right to read, watch and listen to whatever you want and no one can stop you. Do you want to change? I know your awning; it's a
A library is a place to rent books, music, movies, and more that you don't have in your home. Some people go to the library to use the computer for projects, or to check out books, music materials, movies, etc. @CAPS1 It's not a bad thing if the library has some objectionable material. If people don't want to see material that will offend them, then they shouldn't go to areas of the library that contain offensive material. In my personal opinion, @CAPS1 doesn't really apply to me if there is offensive material in the library. If there is objectionable material in the library, you should be of a certain age to rent @CAPS1 or read @CAPS1. Not just anyone should be able to walk into a library and view this objectionable material. If people under this age try to check out these materials, they shouldn't have them out loud. My other take on this issue is that if the material offends someone then they can't go to that area of the library. Instead, people can walk around this part of the library who otherwise wouldn't pay attention to the material. Libraries can dedicate a section of the library to these materials so people and children have to see them. Also, if children want to see these materials, then they can find another way to view them. They don't necessarily have to go to the library to find these things. If what the child wants to do is bad enough, they will find a way to do it @CAPS1, or in this case, the child will see what they want to see. If parents do not like the material in the library then they should teach their children not to look at the material and if they find their child is looking at the objectionable material then they should punish their child and let them know they shouldn't Look at those materials. Libraries shouldn't take off parents' books, music, magazines, etc. to satisfy their needs. If libraries took these materials off their shelves, they would lose business. So in theory, libraries shouldn't take their materials off the shelves in order to satisfy parents' needs. Libraries need money to buy new materials, and without customers they have no money to buy new materials. Therefore, parents should keep track of their children's borrowings at the library. Offensive material should not be taken out of the library and there should be rules for this type of material.
First, a woman might read a book about a wife and find it offensive. But picking up the book and reading it was her choice. Should it be taken down? No, why should. Different people have different opinions about what they read. Not everyone feels the same. The same goes for music, movies, magazines, etc. They might see someone nude in a magazine and not like it. There is an option to pick it up and read it. No one pointed a gun there and said "read this book and so on". @CAPS1, if one doesn't like a book etc, why take it off the shelf? You still have other people who might like it, some might just like it, and those who don't. You can't just think about one person, you have to think about everyone. If that person finds that book etc. objectionable then they should choose wisely the first time and/or should never choose what they do. own fault. For my conclusion, if it's offensive just not reading the book, etc., it shouldn't be taken off the shelf. Another person might read it and like it. Some people who find something offensive may see it the wrong way. Put books etc on the shelf, if they take it off, sooner or later they will take everything off the shelf out of offense. Then we will also be able to read or listen
There is a lot of censorship in the world. Music on radio, TV shows or the Internet is censored. In today's society, the library is a forgotten wonder for most people, making it a secluded world. A library is a place where one's mind can explore and discover as it pleases. The library should not be a place to limit discovery, just like on TV or the Internet, library censorship should be non-existent. People learn from books; books with happy endings, sad endings and scary endings can teach readers a lesson. Many say history will repeat itself. So history is taught in schools to prevent bad events from happening in history. The same goes for books on library shelves. Reading a book, the reader is able to experience the life of the characters as if they lived with the characters. Through a character's experience, the reader can observe all the wrong and right things the character does without actually having to experience it. By the end of the book, the reader will understand the outlook on life and try not to make the same mistakes as the characters in the book. A major fear of parents is the inappropriate language or scenes in the book describing @MONTH1. Frankly, there is vulgar language and inappropriate behavior in this world. It's best to discover it gradually through reading and some life experiences, and then throw it all in the face. Censorship on radio and TV is good, it's just that when someone wants to improve themselves by reading, they should be able to read whatever they feel. The library is a wonderful place to learn, but if there is censorship, it restricts people's learning. Through reading, one is able to experience life without experiencing its consequences. All books are learnable and should have the opportunity to learn.
Do you ever feel like your reading options are dwindling? Censorship is taking away our freedom to experience reading or listening to what we want, who has the right to tell us what to watch, read or even listen to? As an avid reader of literature of all kinds, I can't stand censorship. Children today need to be able to read what they want and open up to new ideas and ways of living. So-called "forbidden" books are the best books anyone can read, because @CAPS1 we should be able to read what we want, whether it's objectionable or not. If you want to put some restrictions on a book, like age restrictions, I can understand that, but if they were to be taken off the shelves altogether, then we would lose our greatest rights as @CAPS2 citizens. Reading, watching or listening to other media is a great way to learn about things outside our backyards. Music and TV I understand some censorship and I don't want my brother or any young guy to hear "@CAPS3 bombs" or see anything obscene, but it's getting harder and harder to control what they watch or listen to, See how easy it is to get these media sources. Many kids today have access to the Internet, which is good and bad. Parents have the right to use certain blocks on their computers if they don't want their children to watch or listen to any obscene content . The kisd these days mainly use two mediums, enternet and @CAPS4, but kids who want to read should have as many options as possible, be it novels or classics like 'The @CAPS5 snd The @CAPS6', or educational literature. So are our reading choices becoming scary? Yes, I believe yes, no, it's all about censorship. We can't read some of the classics because they're "racist" or "pornographic," but you have to understand that they weren't when they were written. So let everyone read what they want when they want.
"Do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelf if found objectionable?" No, I don't believe that just because someone alone finds something objectionable Stuff means everyone else does it. Everyone has a different opinion, we are all different. We need all kinds of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Censorship is understandable in some ways. Without diversity for everyone, everyone has fewer choices. Your own views, decisions, and outlook on life are unique. How do you tell someone they can't listen to a certain song or read a certain book? Exactly, it doesn't make sense, right? If the individual has no choice, there will be no entertainment. In my opinion; if anyone has such a question about a topic, subject, etc, just leave it alone. It's a big world, not just your opinion. Open your heart! Someone else might be writing this and reacting to this prompt in the exact opposite way. It just shows that no one's opinion is right or wrong. Everyone should have a personality. How is it possible without diversity? From music, books, magazines, movies, etc. - disagreement is one thing, but in a question like this you have to agree to disagree
"All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - the job I hate - then you have too The same rights, everyone else has the same rights. And then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine Paterson touches on the subject of library book review. It's a very tricky subject, Because no one is happy. All books, music, movies, magazines, etc. can be seen as offensive to someone. When it comes to books in the library, we should have sections. One for @CAPS3, kids, family, activities, romance etc. If we had shoes, then it would reduce the number of books kids could read. Once I was going to @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, I accidentally entered the @CAPS3 books section. I know I shouldn't be in that section, but if They marked it as the @CAPS3 Books section, then I wouldn't get in there. Parents need to monitor what kids are looking at, or even which section of the library they go into. If a kid wants to know the romance section, they'll see that It's not the library's fault, not even the writer's fault. If parents don't want to monitor what their kids are reading, they can set boundaries. They can say "don't leave this section. ". If my mom told me that, I'd stay around children's books. Parents can fix the problem by monitoring their kids. Libraries need to decide what books they'll have in the library. You don't want kids if the library doesn't have them. The kind of book you see, then your kids can't read that book. If your public library does make those books public, parents can always go to town hall and tell the mayor, librarian, or other people in town about this Rude books. If you tell people that the library has that kind of book, then other people will stand up against those books. If you don't like something on the library shelf, suggest the book section, keep an eye on what your kids read, or Tell someone who can fix it. What are you going to do to improve your public library? How do you keep your kids from reading books you don't want them to see
Library review should not be mandatory. Censorship should not stop the "fables" of certain book authors trying to present the story within the story to the reader. A review will result in @ORGANIZATION1 as in @DATE1'. You can't understand the real meaning of the artwork that the artist is trying to show, so there can't be abstract art. The definition of the word fable is a story within a story. This is where the author tries to show the reader. For example, in the book "@CAPS1 of @CAPS2" is a fable. It shows many interconnected stories. @CAPS3 died on the edge of a cliff as @ORGANIZATION3 threw huge rocks overboard. This shows the fall of mankind. In @CAPS4 @CAPS5 eat apples from trees, that's why we sin. You just can't review such a good book. A lot of people didn't like this book because it showed young boys being savages and killing each other. Everyone needs to see both sides of the story. People need to know what is really being said. Art should not be censored at all. Art is what makes people creative. The way the artist abstracts things can cause some controversy. They also made what we use today, we just didn't expect, that's practical. Who will give you the right to review their masterpieces. For example @ORGANIZATION2 had a dark period in his work and painted demons in his paintings which one might think is too graffiti. People need to see why he painted what was happening in his life at the time. The review is @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. This will point to a book by @PERSON1 called "@DATE1". In his book, he shows the complete government @ORGANIZATION1. Our people as government will be classified as "@CAPS6". @CAPS6 makes most people, not very smart people. Can't think for yourself either because @ORGANIZATION1 censors everything you can think of. @ORGANIZATION1 is doing this because they won't let anyone try to be a rebel and throw @ORGANIZATION1 away. They know @CAPS6 can outdo them, but they are ahead of the game and review everything. This is what happens if we censor everything. We all have no personality. No one can express love like we do now. Censorship in libraries isn't the best thing anyone should do. No one will ever know what an author will lead, and no artist can present their art. Aslo review will lead to @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. This doesn't work in our society today. So censorship is not the best solution anyone can think of.
Bad @CAPS1 @CAPS2 off yes I think if they are bad they should be removed. If you can't say it in front of your parents when you're young, then you don't need to listen to it or read it. I don't want my young children to read or watch anything they know they can't say in person. There is so much for little kids to see. Like in any @LOCATION1 or wherever there are magazines, there are women in bras and underwear, and so are the men. I don't think they should put them where small children can't easily see them. These kinds of things can cause kids to ask questions that make parents have to lie. Then there are kids watching TV and they have stupid cartoons where kids laugh and talk about sex and then your kids go to that channel when you're not around to hear all this stupid stuff. Then they go there and tell their friends what they heard because they think it's cool, and all kinds of kids are listening. When you can take a channel like this off your TV and make everything easier. I think the worst is like the signs that people are signing off about killing and raping kids and all that. I would never let my kids listen to music like that, I don't care how old they are. I also think that's where kids learn most of the stuff from horrible music they want to listen to. I'll do anything to get kids to listen to that stuff until their parents don't care. I know my parents didn't like me listening to it when I was younger, and I understand why now that I'm older and know what it all means, I would never let my kids listen to it when they were younger. In all this, I hope I made a good point and hope you feel the same way. Why letting kids listen to stuff that hurts them and us is not worth letting them do what they want in the long run.
I believe everyone should be free to read, listen or watch whatever they choose. Anything that comes out publicly will be seen anyway. I think it's up to that person if they want to read something mature or @ORGANIZATION1 for themselves. In the case of children, I think parents should be responsible for that decision, not librarians. Books, movies and music are forms of entertainment. People read @ORGANIZATION1 material to entertain themselves, and there is nothing wrong with having fun. Everyone loves entertainment, but it's not fair to limit it. If it's public, it means it should be released under certain circumstances or age and maturity. Whether it's in a book or a magazine, everything you don't want people to see will always appear elsewhere, like on TV or on the Internet. A public library is where people go to buy a book to learn more about something, so if you take that book off the shelf, someone might miss an education about something. I don't take any books off the shelf because it's for reading, and it might be good for kids to get that book so they can learn about what's out there. If it's there to read, then having it read instead of hiding it from them will only make children more eager to read or see it. If it's in a public library, let people read it, and kids are free to use anything in the library unless their parents agree otherwise. Anything that is publicly exposed in a book, magazine or movie is broadcast on the internet or on TV so that children see what they want, not whether their elders agree or not. Nudity, foul language, violent and provocative material are now so ubiquitous, even cartoons, that there is no way to isolate them from children or people and make them part of everyday life.
"All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - the job I hate - then you have too Same rights, others have. And then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 A lot of people think that certain books should be banned from school, quite the contrary, students can learn valuable life lessons from these books and go deeper Learn about the past and see what the author's unique style really means. Over the years, many well-written books have been on "review lists," meaning they are at risk of being removed from the library. "@CAPS2 by @ORGANIZATION1" , "@ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2" and "@CAPS3 to @ORGANIZATION3" are all examples of books that are flagged as offensive. They are all written in their own style and can teach each reader a different lesson. Although a One reader @MONTH1 loved the story and ran out of pages, but another @MONTH1 read it halfway through and never finished it. However, the belief in freedom of choice in reading is correct. "@CAPS2 by @ORGANIZATION1" by @PERSON1 is a censorship A classic example of . Throughout the book, some foul language that is considered offensive is used. However, these words were not considered false during the time this book was written. Such a book should be reserved for Older generations read; however, we must also realize that if parents allow their children to read that book at a very young age, there is not much that can be done about it. Still, taking the book from the library is not the right response .Ever heard the phrase "learn from past mistakes"? Books are a great way to learn about the past in a fun and enjoyable way. They are tools of knowledge. Removing a book from a library is like Delete hundreds of pages of lore. Each story has a unique style and @MONTH1 appeals to some people and not others. Many books give readers a deeper understanding of the time period in which this book was written. @ORGANIZATION2 from the start Just a proverbial censorship book because it's a little dark and gloomy in places throughout the story. How many kids do we see at school with a "@ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2" book? They often say it's their most Favorite book. If this book is removed from the library, it will result in many students never having the opportunity to read a book that is uniquely styled and peculiarly written. In our twelve-year school, students are taught to be independent Think and make your own decisions. If we take material away from them, how do we encourage that? If we can't get students to make such a simple decision about whether to read or not, we're teaching a bad life lesson.
I don't think libraries should have censorship. All objectionable material, like the more conservative patron @MONTH1 doesn't like it, should stay where they belong, in the library for all to read. I have several reasons to support my point about not removing material that some people find objectionable. My biggest reason is the learning capabilities these articles provide. Most works, even the crude ones, have some kind of educational value. Without articles based on the less comfortable or scarier things in life, people start to understand in a surreal way without understanding how less fortunate things work or how to avoid them. Those pursuing a genuine desire to gain knowledge look at many different types of informational items, regardless of the subject matter. To allow this to happen is to allow the library to be used in the way it was meant to be, a resource of knowledge. All offensive items stored in library @MONTH1 should be left there for learning purposes. No one should be deprived of the ability to learn simply because of the obscurity of others.
All of us can think of or have this book we've read and wish our kids or any other kids didn't take it off the shelf. At least I know I have such a book, it's called "@CAPS1". I personally feel that this book should be removed from ego because of the simple fact that it is overrated and contains a lot of violence and sex. Not long ago, when I was in seventh grade, I read this book called "@CAPS1". I'm a good book, but it's also exaggerated. The book is primarily about the teenager who had a rough childhood and trying to get through high school while engaging in abusive relationships, peer pressure, and his addiction to sex and drugs. This book is very revealing and detailed, and I strongly discourage other kids from reading it. I don't think sex and violence should be in books or any other type of media. The conclusion is that I think some material (such as books) should be removed from itself if found offensive. Books showing a lot of sex and violence should be restricted and not allowed to leave the library unless they are issued to people aged 18 or over
I am writing to the newspaper about removing certain material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. I don't think this should be allowed. I don't think it's going to be very far for others. I'll give you three reasons why you shouldn't let people take something like this straight off the shelf. @CAPS1 The first reason is, what if you have a kid and want him or her to watch the same movie or book you watched as a kid? But they took it off the shelf. That would be sad, you would want them to watch the movie or book you've seen, but they can't. As Katherine Paterson said, "All of us think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf." @CAPS1 The second reason is, What if you and your wife or husband have a favorite song and they take it off the shelves? That would be twisted and it would just break your heart. Well, I know if it was a wedding song, I would do it. The last reason and @CAPS1's favorite is that you have only your own choices. Everyone has their own opinion, if you don't want to see them, or don't want to see them, don't do it. Simple as that, try to ignore it. It's really not something you need to worry about. These are just three reasons why you shouldn't let people take anything off any shelf. As Katherine Paterson said, 'But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- the job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so does everyone else.' Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS2 If we let this happen, everyone will act. This is why I @CAPS2 don't let people take anything from any shelf
Should we censor library books? Author Katherine Paterson once said: All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children dont take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it from the shelf Walk that book - the job I hate - then you have the same rights and so do everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 provides a very valid point. If We start removing books we find offensive and nothing remains. Books are meant to provide information and insight into someone's life. If we take that book away, it's like saying that what that person thinks doesn't matter. The main reason we shouldn't be censoring in libraries is a lack of insight, books, and personal creativity. Books provide insight into an author's life. What happened in history can also affect an author's tone or style, like @ORGANIZATION1.@ CAPS2 was ruled by a king in his lifetime, so if he wants to succeed, he has to appease @LOCATION1. It also helps to appease @LOCATION1 as he sponsors @ORGANIZATION1's drama. Another example of an author influenced by his time and upbringing It's @CAPS3. He was alive in the Middle Ages and he saw oppressive things like serfs a lot. When he wrote his stories he made the upper castes mean and the lower castes mean. @CAPS3 Aren't afraid to annoy @LOCATION1. If we start removing books we find objectionable from library shelves, it won't be as Kathryn Patterson says soon. One might find information, another A person may find it very offensive and vice versa. Every book will have someone who will say it is offensive. It could be the context or the tone, or even the person who wrote it; it doesn't matter. Sometimes the most informative books are the ones that are offensive. Offensive books. However, sometimes it's good to have something offensive in a book. It establishes the tone and mood of the story or the characters. It might create a certain image. It also tells us not to get to know these people in What to do. These books sometimes show us the depressing ending of a person who lived a vulgar or criminal life. These stories teach us life lessons. Yes, sometimes I read a book that I find offensive, But I've learned that if I don't like it it doesn't mean other people don't. It's not fair to take down a book that someone might have learned something from just because you didn't like the book. Sorry, the world is not only It revolves around you and me. It revolves around us as a whole, if someone starts taking off the book, who is going to stop others from doing that. It's not fair. Finally, if we start taking off the book, it starts to affect the children's perception of discarding something It's okay for people to be creative. It also makes them think that having ideas is irrelevant and no one can appreciate them. I don't like doing things on the one hand, if they might offend someone. I can't imagine what that would be in that kind of society look. Having books is important. They teach us about events or people before our time or problems with certain people. It's important to understand what's going on around you. I grew up ignorant of the big problems happening in society. My parents tried to protect me from bad news and social mischief. Reading allows me to see the true face of life. So taking books off the shelf hinders my growth process. I was still that ignorant child who thought my life would end happily ever after. Unfortunately, most people don't, but there are some who live happily ever after. That's what books are for, teaching people about other people's experiences, good and bad. So @PERSON2's observation is sensible. Who is going to stop someone from taking off the book once the process begins?
Books, movies and music should not be removed from the shelves. For years, people would come to the library for them. Some @MONTH1 are volgers and their @MONTH1 is offensive, but there should be an age check. And the way to take into account this center. There are a lot of people who thrive on the horrible things people show the world. They like to cause pain to others. Rather than taking offending works, there is an age limit on what the sertan age group should read. Yes, there are some young kids reading this stuff, but that's a parent lie. If there were age restrictions on what people should be able to read, then that would solve the problem. We can also get parents to sign the book and say that their children can read such a book. If we had all of them, then there would be no more problems. It would be a nice controlled libaray. So all in all, this is the way to go. This is the future of tomorrow
Let's consider that in the known world today, children and teens have access to almost everything. If you ask a teen the same question, should these things be taken off the shelves? They might say no. If you ask an adult, they are most likely to say yes. The music that surrounds young people and children is not the best. Keep listening and you will be amazed. If they can use it, then they will take it and borrow it. I feel like most of the music and movies on the shelves anywhere should be taken off the shelves. Now this is just my opinion. Even adults listen to these things and watch all of them. The reason I say people fail their studies is because of all this. @CAPS1, think about it, they have a lot of rights they shouldn't have. If there is anything objectionable, it should be removed from the shelf. They should be replaced by educational stuff. Let's go back to where it all started @CAPS1 everytbing started showing up. Did you grow most of these things? You probably don't. But now you can find just about anything anywhere. It's kind of sad if you ask me. However, magazines are starting to look more like movies and music. Mainly all the nudity and foul language they show. If you look at athletes, whoever they are, they're going to get in trouble for things they shouldn't say. @CAPS1 They should go out and teach kids not to say these things. The right there will help with education, not. By showing them right and wrong, you can become a more responsible adult. Start with what they listen to or watch. I wasn't allowed to watch the current thing, but I did it anyway. That's because my parents didn't give me enough discipline, they didn't @CAPS1 I was young. If you let kids grow up listening and watching what they want, they may not do well in school. One way you can help is to hang out with your child or children. even teenagers. Although I don't want you. Talk to them and let the conversation teach them right and wrong, @CAPS1 you teach a child right and wrong and the school's prospects are better
When you take your kid to the library because they want a book, you think "well, there's nothing bad about the library, it's all educational books." @CAPS1 If your kid wants to see a movie there, would you think? You will agree because no one thinks there are bad images or movies in the library. A little girl can be in the adult section of the library with her mom and they can see things you don't want them to see. Girls in romance letters are usually half-dressed, while boys are basically nothing. A child can easily see it without knowing what it is, but have a dramatic image in their mind for a long time. Some kids can go to the movie area and come up with a horror movie that shows blood and guns. It's not just what kids see it's everyone. A teen can easily get a book instead of paying attention and seeing things about the other gender. A couple may go to the library looking for a good movie that is healthy and fun, but may find one that makes them uncomfortable. An older person might try to find some music from their era, but when they get it, it's all about drugs, sex, and even alcohol. There are always girls half-dressed in magazines, even in Seventeen. Car magazines where girls model in front of cars to make them look better or grumpy. You can buy a baby magazine that says mom is breastfeeding. If you or your baby don't want to see mom breastfeeding, you might want to check it out. The library is a resourceful place where you can get really good information about things. They also have some bad points. I think music that talks about personal things and bad things should be in its own little place. Like magazines, movies, and books, they should all be kept in one room, away from all other items in the library. They should have an age limit and you have to be able to get into that room. They should tell you what type of things are in there before you go in. I'm not saying the library is a bad place for kids, teens, or anyone. I just think that certain books, music and magazines should be kept in different places and not open where everyone can see them.
A variety of reading materials are available in the library. Books, magazines, and catalogs, for example, but are all appropriate for the dwindling crowd around the library? My answer is no, but not if they are taken away from the library. While a lot of kids go to the library, so a lot of adults are struggling to find good literature, which is why they should make these books accessible to most people. When I was in seventh grade, I remember reading a book called @PERSON2 about a child who was sexually abused, and I wish I never picked up that book. While this scares me, it taught me a great lesson. I grew up learning never to associate with strangers, and if it weren't for this novel, things might have been very different. So I believe it's a good thing to expose kids to small doses of real life at a young age, not everything in the world is sugar-coated as @PERSON3 said. From @CAPS1 to the Bible, there is a wide variety of literature. This diversity provides stories for many audiences. Libraries try to do the best they can by categorizing these books so younger kids don't misread the wrong books. Rather than excluding books entirely, another suggestion could be to create a system similar to a full-fledged rating video game, allowing only those over @NUM1 to view certain books. This makes it nearly impossible for children to get hold of the wrong book. Finally, a suggestion that could be made is to flag inappropriate books such as @CAPS2.Ds and movies. This can have a small impact and make kids think twice before opening a book marked for mature readers only. This provides stories for all and protects little ones from magazines like @CAPS3. As Katherine Paterson said, 'All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't get off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf...then you have the same right, and everyone else has the same right. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I think what she's trying to say is similar to mine. She wants to provide all the books to keep children away from them and hope that children can make the right decisions when choosing literature from the library
I think if it's someone else's problem and not all of it, why can't we break things into pieces. Then there will be no problem. I mean, why change something if only a few people don't like it? That would just lead to a big conflict. Think about it, if we were to tr and give everyone what they want, @CAPS1 would be completely ineffective. So you should limit things and put them in a group.
Censorship, a very sensitive topic. @CAPS1 has a lot of things people don't like, so they censored @CAPS2, hiding the idea from people who don't know @CAPS2. I personally hate censorship. I'd rather the world be a educated place with little danger, and then a place where everything is private and safe. You must be thinking, '@CAPS1 is something we have to review and @CAPS2 hurts our kids' minds. But the truth is, your kids will eventually discover @CAPS2 in the real world. In fact, drugs, alcohol, sex, rape, violence, and everything else you review are common things your kids will hear. Most kids first heard about @CAPS2 in school, usually elementary, if not they would definitely find out in middle school. Wouldn't it be better for @CAPS2 to let them find the easy way if they would eventually find out? Now you must be thinking, 'But if they find out too young, @CAPS2 might change them. It's a risk, but anyway, most teens will be more hurt when exposed to @CAPS2 without any prior knowledge. If they already know what they're dealing with, they'll know how to react, but if they don't know what's going on, they can make big mistakes without realizing @CAPS2. Again, wouldn't it be better for @CAPS2 to find them from you or a book and then figure it out the hard way? Right now, you @MONTH1 are thinking, "Our children must be protected and this knowledge only puts them at greater risk." @CAPS2 @MONTH1 puts them at greater risk, @CAPS2 always possible. The world is full of possibilities, but anything can happen. This knowledge you always hide from them @MONTH1 is what they need to know later and won't know when they need @CAPS2. What would they do if they saw their friends start taking drugs because they've never heard of drugs and they don't know @CAPS2 is a bad thing? Or if they see older kids drinking and are offered drinks but don't know they shouldn't be taking @CAPS2? Or if they end up kissing someone they like, @CAPS2 went too far and they don't know what they're doing? Anything can happen and your child needs to be prepared. If they don't know these things, they can't tell if what they're doing is good or bad, they @MONTH1 will end up in trouble or hurt. Tell them, or ask them to read books you regularly review at the library so they know. Life is full of risks, so let them know when they're ready.
As I was walking through @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 as a young girl, I saw a @CAPS2 magazine book, saw this and as a girl who loves reading the magazine, I opened it. I quickly discovered that this was a book I had never actually read. I found myself embarrassed, wondering why they didn't make it more clear that it should be reviewed. I think the censorship of libraries and bookstores is a good thing. Yes, kids need to understand relationships and intimacy, but that's their parents' job. A @NUM1 year old girl shouldn't be able to see inappropriate movies, magazines or books at all times because we need to teach them ourselves. Censorship magazines give kids the opportunity to discover that they are not who the world wants them to be. Reviewing the book helps to "shelter" little kids who don't have to know everything by the age of ten. This gives them time to grow on their own. Films made that give the wrong idea of what sex and intimacy really mean. You flip through magazines and everywhere you see child stars feeling the pressure of growing up. They think they have to dress like adults and act like adults. The kids saw this and thought if @PERSON1 did it, so should I. The magazine industry does hurt kids in the long run. They put super skinny models in barely-there bikinis. Sports @CAPS3 is proud of it. Maxim has '@CAPS4 @NUM2 a bunch of @CAPS8 wearing clothes that barely cover them. The boys think it's @CAPS4 and that's what every girl should look like. They got their hands on @CAPS5 magazine and were drooling over the fold-in-the-middle look. Exposing small children to this makes them think they have to dress and behave a certain way. It makes them think you grow up dressed like this you can get all the boys too. Lots of books today on how to make your man happy, how to spice up a bedroom, @NUM3 things to try in bed tonight, kids can walk and see. Many of these books have images of how to do this and that. This can really be very uncomfortable for the child and his or her parents. Love these types of books when you go to @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 or whatever bookstore they have a relationship with. A lot of young @MONTH1 think love, oh I bet that's a book by @CAPS7 or @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. They see the cover that appeals to them. They think oh, this girl is beautiful. Reviewing these books can reassure children and parents. Children can grow up the way they should. Now, movies make a big fake about what sex really means. They see people doing all these things and they think it's normal and you don't have to worry about anything, but the most important thing for kids here is not just sex. When you have sex, you must make sure you are safe. It's not just fun and games. Lots of young @CAPS8 raped today in @LOCATION1. Does it show that in the movie no, it doesn't, many young @CAPS8 as young as five years old go around thinking about how horrible it is to be raped, but we're taking a step back and allowing porn to be made. Porn is fake, @CAPS8 don't just look at each other and turn on. Sex is never just sex, and by censoring movies, kids won't understand that until they actually learn and understand what sex really is and what it is. Censorship is something I firmly believe. To this day, my parents still make sure that the movies we choose are appropriate. Parents and children can learn about sex at any time, but some parents choose to wait. By having these movies and these books in a separate area, it gives parents the opportunity to teach their children and give them time to grow
Kathryn Patterson wrote: "If I have the right to take that book I hate off the shelf~~ then you have the same right, and so do everyone else." Quote. The right to do something is part of free speech pretty much. It trusts the decisions or choices you make. If I were to reflect my views on library censorship, all of us would have the same opportunity to speak out on what we think should not be included. There may be inappropriate books in the library that we definitely don't want our young siblings to read. The best thing to do is to ask ourselves, do we have the right to let our children read, listen, and update their media and publications freely? Should we really be reviewing libraries? Considering the library is a manual guide to history, I feel that reviewing the library is unnecessary. Our library, or organized by author name from A to @CAPS1, separates non-fiction from fiction, CDs in one section, movies in one section, and adult books for magazines and children's books in separate sections. Libraries all over the world have a child who may choose a book that is not suitable for them to read, but the child does not. If there is bad influence, peer pressure, violence and sexual propaganda, and @PERCENT1 in the media, what harm can a book do to them. It is not fair to us to deny children the opportunity to read and study books. I don't think we should learn from our babies. I have loved going to the library since I was a child, it helped improve my vocabulary, spelling skills, and I learned a lot of new words. The books I read growing up weren't perfect @NUM1 but I can relate to a lot of the books I chose as a kid so no I don't think we should be reviewing libraries, we need them to be one of our kids and our go to Fun place to learn, have fun, be comfortable and more. We can't get it from our generation, that's just not right.
Objectionable books and movies should not be allowed in libraries. If you see a book or anything in the library that disgusts you, chances are that other people will find it disgusting too. So by eliminating problems before others see them, you can even reduce problems before they happen. Now, more than ever, you'll find objectionable stuff in the library. More and more people are being offended by little things these days. One reason to censor the library is if you had a child, would you want them to go to the library to see derogatory writings and movies? I would be very upset if my kids had to see this. It taught them different values, it taught them that since they are in the library, it must be okay to do things in the community. For example, if the library has a book or movie about drug use or any kind of sexuality, they will respect that and then be more likely to do those things that could end up hurting themselves or others. If the government provides taxes for libraries, doesn't that show that our government doesn't care about objectionable items on the shelves? This gave them a bad name. If we turn to the government for support and answers. How would we feel if they had no judgment about what was objectionable in the library? It looks like they don't care, which could cause panic across the country. This causes more problems then need. It will be easier to review our library. If our libraries were not overrun with negative and objectionable literature, we would have more space for more valuable things. We can have books and movies that are educational and actually teach a person something. rather than leading them to make bad decisions. If you really want a book, there are plenty of other sites and places to buy one. Not only libraries have books. You can easily find one if you try it. If the library does have something objectionable, I don't think they have much variety, so it's better to look elsewhere, where you can find more of the subject you're looking for. When I go to the library, I go there to read educational books, not books that teach kids how to "fill a pipe" or "gender poses." I strongly disagree and I think putting these things in the hands of our next generation to read is a negative view of our society. So by reviewing our library, not only will some of the problems that have resurfaced in our community be quelled, but those problems will be eliminated entirely.
There are so many different things that can offend all kinds of people. So if we start taking things from TV or books and magazines, we always take things out. If you're drawing graphics for kids , put it in the adult area. Censorship can become a awning for taking things out. We need to know more about where your child is so there will be fewer problems. We might be better off if we changed the age limit for movies. If a parent is going to watch a movie, then the parent will be able to tell them what is okay and what is not. We need to put more real historical stuff in there and put them where you want to watch and we can teach kids a lot more and let them know. Music should be censorship, just like rap. There's a lot of rap music that should be cleaned up so little kids can't hear it. There might even be a better way to control this stuff so little kids can't get hold of it. We can get teachers to help tell kids, let them not, they are not fit to watch. We also need to see some new cartoons on TV. Some need to be cleaned up. There are also many different things people want. And then there are some that don't care about it. Maybe one day we will figure it out and be able to do it
Many people think that books are useless and shouldn't even be on the shelf. Well, I believe that no book is useless and should not be removed from the shelves of any library. All books have value for anything like a career and the ability to learn new things. Magazines @MONTH1 don't do a lot of things like books, but they can make you happy. Music isn't just something you listen to, it helps you stay happy and relaxed while reading. Movies can have a certain impact on someone; a lot of people think of movies as just entertainment they watch, but it might have some encouragement, or if you actually pay attention and watch what the movie is saying, it can really show how a person behaves. No books, magazines, music or movies should be taken off the shelves because they are not meant for you to read, listen to or watch, but are meant to tell people something they don't even know. People should re-examine how all these things really affect one's life. More books, magazines, music and movies should be put in school libraries and even public libraries. The more people read, watch or listen to these things, the more @MONTH1 learns about life. I've noticed from experience that people go to the library to read just to relax, but at the same time these people don't really understand what they're reading. It's a real shame that people don't look at what they're reading, which is why it's important to put more books on the shelf. As Katherine Paterson said: "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf, which is the work I hate, then you have the same right, and so do everyone else. And then we don't have Books are left on the shelf for any of us. If people really understand what that phrase really means, then they'll have a better understanding of what books really mean in life. We should be thankful for having Katherine Patterson in our lives writers, because these writers exist to help us understand what these amazing books mean in the world.
Libraries are public places for all ages. They have many different kinds of books for specific reasons. For the kids, they have a comfortable place to pick out a book and sit and read. For adults, they have coffee tables, sofa seats and many different things while reading books. Libraries should never have to release certain materials because of their age. Censoring libraries doesn't make it any easier to keep young children away from certain objectionable material. I feel that when children are in the library, they should go to the specific area they come from, and they should be monitored when they are in the library. Most kids don't read a book that doesn't have a lot of pictures or colors. Libraries are public spaces for all ages, and even though some bookstores only sell adult books, movies, and magazines, they shouldn't be thrown out of the library. The whole world deserves equal rights, yes, even in libraries. The world is full of repulsive things period. Now, when child a is not in the library, they can see things at home or in public places that they can also see in the library books. Removing certain books, movies and magazines doesn't really stop anything. I don't think parents are wrong in a library with adult books, movies, and magazines if they teach their kids right and wrong. If I own a library, I personally wouldn't mind having a variety of books that fit a particular field in my book selection. I've been to a lot of libraries and seen things that I don't think should be in the library, but at the same time I'm not in the right part of me or doing what I should be doing. This topic really doesn't bother me, so no, I don't think they should remove certain books just because the kids are in the library.
Review @CAPS1 is the last time someone tells you what you can and can't do? Especially if that's something you don't want to do. How does that make you feel? You probably don't want to do this. Censorship is somewhat similar. The other day, my friends and I wanted to see a new movie that just came out. We didn't see it aloud, though. You know why? We're not old enough to watch this movie because of censorship. So, now the only way we can watch this movie is if our parents go with us. Did you let your parents go with you and your friends? It didn't go well. Censorship violates the freedom to be different. You can't listen to music, watch movies, or even read certain books unless you're a certain age. It's not fair. Censorship is like modern @CAPS2. Tells you what you can and cannot do, how you can dress, and what to say. Everyone was the same back then. How @CAPS2 handled his idea, he failed miserably. How do you think @CAPS4 victims feel they are being punished for believing or doing something different. They didn't hurt anyone, they just wanted to live differently. That's what censorship does, dividing people into specific groups. Tell them what they can see, do or hear. That's what makes the world different, different people. Don't make everyone the same.
Everyone has a different view of literature, whether it's books, magazines, movies or music. If libraries take these things off their shelves, they're going to lose their business, they're going to lose their kids, and they're going to take these things for a reason. Those libraries are going to lose people who might like what they @MONTH1 don't. The people who run the business @MONTH1 have decided to delete @MONTH1's old work that offends this generation of young people. Writing, singing or playing @MONTH1 in this stuff hurts these people, but that's not what it's for. The things that hurt people are there to show the younger generation of people the past lives, like slaves. This will have an impact on the kids who use this library. If these documents were removed, the kids of @MONTH1 would think things were always the way they were. If these kids grow up to see a book, listen to a song, or watch a movie about the past and how much has changed, they @MONTH1 will never believe because they were never raised Teach. As they get older, they @MONTH1 still have no interest in learning about these types of things because they never knew they grew up. This stuff is written to teach people and kids about the past, not to hurt people. When people think these things are harmful, they don't get the real meaning of what the authors had in mind when they wrote them. Libraries should have this literature on their shelves just to give young people an idea of where the world came from, how their older relatives lived and where they came from
I feel like this should be a review of the library. If not, children should not go to the library to read certain books. This saves people from getting into trouble and reading the wrong thing. Libraries should have censorship. I think it should be censorship because they already have stores that contain certain things kids can't buy. Another reason I feel like the system should be censored is because kids might read something and do it the wrong way. When you were a kid, you knew there were things you definitely shouldn't read or watch, and you'd try your best to surreptitiously read or watch anything from @MONTH1. That's why if we have censorship, they don't have a chance to do that. Another reason I say we should have censorship is because libraries are public, and if you have to be a certain age to see or view something, then you shouldn't put it in a library. As you can see, these are the reasons why I think we should do a review in the library. With scrutiny, no one will feel left out, everyone will be treated equally and feel the same. They already have bookstores and online sites where you can buy books and movies, they don't have censorship, you just need to be of a certain age and have a credit card. This way, they can definitely rent things from them, since you have to be a certain age to have a credit card. Having said that, I think libraries should have censorship.
Libraries are where people go to read whatever they want. Some people just like to read, while others go for information. People can read and write as they please, and it can be offensive at times, but there's nothing you can do about it. Sometimes there may be inappropriate books in the library or supermarket, but even if it doesn't apply to you, it may apply to other people, for example say there's a book or magazine talking about homosexuality that you don't think should be allowed, but someone looks at other How one handles it might be interesting. Another topic that most people debate about is books about sex or drugs. Adults with kids don't want them reading these things, and in some ways they probably do because in a book it might show the reader how bad it is for you and you shouldn't. I know I love reading books like this because it just shows me how it can clutter people's lives and I don't want to live that way. Some things I don't think should be allowed, like books, magazines, music and movies about racism. I don't think people should be talking about other people just because their skin is a different color, they have the same right to be here as we do. Another thing that bothers me is movies about people with problems like ADHD or Down syndrome and other kids bullying them because there's nothing wrong with that and it's just inappropriate. Some people don't realize that what they write can hurt others, and sometimes they write for that purpose, even if we @MONTH1 complain they don't do any good because everyone has freedom of speech, we just have to deal with it and get on with our lives . If there are inappropriate things in the library that you don't like or want your children to see, then don't let them go.
In my opinion, if certain material is racist or contains ugly imagery, it should be taken off the shelf. But this raises questions about racism, which is in some form in almost every classic book, like To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 that book uses the word @CAPS4 to describe African Americans, but when that When this book came out, people were talking about you now, and if you used that word, it was like you just murdered the first child out there. For the most part, while the books aren't that objectionable, at least the ones I've read aren't. I know there are books and magazines like Playboy and Adage that offend women and can lead to a lot of breakups and divorces, but they have laws about who can buy this kind of stuff. I know there are still ways for kids to have magazines like this, but they're just a small subset of kids. I know that during @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 in Germany many books were bundled because they were related to Catholicism or what @PERSON3 thought was bad rather than what he thought was the perfect game. I know a lot of what @PERSON2 wrote in a short period of time was banned for using the word @CAPS4, but people have to realize that when @PERSON2 was alive, that was the day-to-day noise. As far as I'm Catholic, there is a Forbidden Codex that lists books that I shouldn't read as a good Catholic. I don't know what these books are and what makes them on this list, but they have to be very rude and vulgar to be on this list. I can see how some of these books are banned. As for music, I think the only music that should be banned is the kind that talks about killing cops and hurting people trying to make our country safer. I know all these rap genres are loved by my generation, although I don't understand why kids love that kind of music. I also don't think the library should allow music made by the Arian Brotherhood because the music there is overtly racist. I don't think movies should be banned from libraries for violence or anything of that nature. I do think the movie should be banned if it contains anything of a pornographic nature, but they don't let those types of movies into the library anyway, so they're a step ahead of me. I do have to agree with Katherine Paterson that if I had those rights, everyone else would do it and there wouldn't be any books on the shelf because someone would find it offensive and then someone else Will find other things objectionable and soon end up with no books left on the library shelves. Compared to other people, I take things that I find objectionable very lightly. I don't get mad at many things.
@CAPS1 Material Have you ever read a book you thought was very good, but knew it might offend someone you know. My scrutiny of material displayed in the library that is offensive is that they should not be taken off the shelf. People should have their own choice of books and who has the right to tell others what they should read. My point is that @MONTH1 material that is offensive to some people should not be taken off the shelf, but put in a section with adult material like books, music, movies, etc. I myself have experienced being unable to watch a certain movie due to my age. The book is called @CAPS2 @PERSON1, but it's just full of action/adventure. It seems unfair to me that I can't watch a certain movie just because I'm young. This is an experience I've been through that makes me think that material that might be offensive to someone should not be removed. Another reason materials should stay on the shelf is because many people prefer different things. No one will have the same interests all the time. So taking the material is just helping one person but hurting a lot of people by taking something that interests them @MONTH1. I can understand that people have gone through something and may be unhappy with the appearance of objectionable material. Having said that, I think all materials are different, they can get the materials they like, and the other materials are left to others to choose. In conclusion, I think material that offends some people should be kept. The reason is because material that might be offensive to one person might be very interesting to another person. Here's a quote I've heard from ebony magazines before, "Another man's trash @MONTH1 is another man's treasure", I'm sure it's a good topic
I don't think these types of things shouldn't be off the shelves. I think there should be a hierarchy to this thing because this is a free country, and for some people, doing so would deprive someone of their free speech. In the past, many people just fought for freedom of speech. I think if people rate what comes out, they don't fall into the wrong hands. It's like saying they should take @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 when it first comes out of the market because it has violence, profanity and guns and the company is going to lose a lot of money because it's not for kids. I don't think parents should go and buy something like @NUM1 or @NUM2 years old, but some parents do. It's not the creator's fault that people react to what's being put out, as buyers have to be more responsive and make sure any situation is overseen and carefully monitored. There's an old saying 'it's not for everyone'. I firmly believe; this statement is true. Everyone doesn't like something that someone likes, but it's okay for that person, but it's not okay for you, because as they say, not everything is for everyone, and You can't do nothing to someone. Well, everything is not for everyone, we all have limits on everything, if you watch what kids watch and do it so unpopular with the world than want to do . Certion books younger kids shouldn't read because they have sex in them and they talk about things kids at that age shouldn't even think about. When kids read books like this they tend to think about sex and how they feel about reading but kids shouldn't be thinking about that type of stuff and why does it have parental responses to monitor what kids read because the job of being a parent is not The people who wrote the book because they @MONTH1 thought it was there for a group where older people could relate to what they were talking about there, but again just being there to speak up and express freedom of speech right there, that's us One of the rights that a nation has been fighting for. I also feel that music helps us express ourselves so if someone feels that music is not for that kid, then they need to see what that kid is listening to. Music brings out the different emotions of each person. All magazines are not for every one, because as we all know, there are adult magazines, product certificates that children shouldn't see, but you can't blame the creator, only the buyer is at fault for putting it in the wrong place after it's done. Only people are trying to make money from what they know people like.
Don't you hate it when you come across a book you wish you had never written? I'm sure we'll get to this point in our lives, whether we read it regularly or not. Like a famous quote I once read, 'All of us can think of a book we wish had no kids or any other kids off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf, then you have the same right, and everyone else has the same right. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. - Katherine Paterson, author If you ask me, I think these books should have some authority. Maybe if we can file a petition with at least @NUM1 signatures, the book can be removed. All of this applies to music, movies, magazines, and even library Bibles. I'm not saying we should have a law saying that if a person doesn't like something, no one has the right to have it. But as a public, if enough people agree that we shouldn't have something, then we'd better not have it. We all worry about our children and have to keep an eye on them to make sure they don't get into things that shouldn't be there. Books and movies, even now music and magazines, and some people, even the Bible. Now don't get me wrong, I'm sure we all know that when a kid goes to the library and tries to look at an "inappropriate" book, the cashier turns the kid down and takes the book. But think about it here, that doesn't mean kids can't go to the library to find a book and read it there. One more scene, please note that @MONTH1 is not your kid, but based on today's criminal record, it's quite possible that the kid could pick up a book, magazine, or even a movie and steal it. There is a lot we can do to prevent this from happening in the long run. Libraries may have an adult section, not just for books or movies rated "@CAPS1", but just a place where we can store all the books we think children shouldn't read. Still, we should have the option of rejecting books that we don't think our children should read. Think what you would think, but that's my take on the library review, and hopefully it's yours now too.
Why should you be offended? @CAPS1 is where you come to get what you love. Libraries are organized for a reason, and what I like is my preference. If you don't want to watch it, you don't have to watch it. Everyone has their own taste. Books, movies, music and magazines are for people to watch, read and watch. etc.. people have a preference and they like to use it when they need it. Libraries are useful for this. People go to get what they like to see, read and listen to. Others shouldn't be offended by what other people like. Most libraries are divided into sections for children, young adults and adults. If you feel that some material in that section is inappropriate, then you can request that it be moved to another section. But don't consider something offensive and remove it just because you don't like it. For others who might like it, how's the fare. If you think the material in one section of @CAPS1 is not "normal" then you can move it to another section. If you don't like it, you don't have to watch it. Others might like it. Libraries are made for everyone, and everyone has their own taste. Don't be offended by what other people like.
The library is a place for everyone; from young children to the elderly, so there is material for all ages. When you go to the library, you assume that whatever book you want to read, they will have it. Should a library be able to do everything from personal preferences to school research projects? Well, some libraries want to take this concept away. The library has books on almost every subject. That's because of individual differences in people who go to the library. Someone from an extremist religious group might go there to read their religious content. If a strict @CAPS1 happened to find a book on extremist religions, they might be offended. However, this situation can go both ways. Because of people's personalities and different beliefs and customs, we all appreciate and depreciate all different types of literature. Most libraries are large enough to be divided into parts. There are sections for young adults, adults, children, non-fiction, fiction, science fiction, and more. It is the child's fault if a child ventures into the adult section and turns the pages beyond their maturity level. Mature people who can handle more adult-oriented book content shouldn't be penalized by libraries removing all books with that content because kids don't stay in their designated areas. Different cultural beliefs lead to different beliefs and perceptions of everyday things. Some readers might be strongly against a book, while others might recommend it to all their friends and family. One book can mean something completely different to one person than another. For example, it would be understandable to have some books on sex next to children's books, but that's not the case in most libraries. Libraries can even have a restriction section that warns readers about the content of material in books in that particular field. The books in the library are written for many kinds of people. Age, gender, religion, maturity, race, political beliefs, and more can all affect the way you read. Whether a book appeals to you depends on your beliefs, values or customs. Having said that, why would libraries take books that only a certain percentage of people disagree with? Taking away books on a topic can be unsettling for people who enjoy such books, and it may even be relevant to their daily life. Libraries are places of knowledge. It is full of people's facts, beliefs, theories and opinions. Doesn't taking away someone's opportunity to read a topic take away the author and their free speech? Just because a controversial or mature topic shouldn't mean people shouldn't be allowed to read it. If people can only read certain literary works that others decide whether to read or not, where is their freedom? The library is everyone's place. It offers a variety of different types of books for all different types of people. A library interior can be arranged so that younger children don't find a book about sex near their children's books. Taking away certain books on controversial topics is unfair to those who disagree with the topic. Libraries should be a balanced place. A place where people can read whatever they want, not what some people think they should or shouldn't read
I believe that everyone has the right to express their views on life. If we censor books, music or movies for inappropriateness, it's like suppressing opinions that stand out among others. If we silence authors and stories or songs, how will we see life through the eyes of others? At @ORGANIZATION1, we enjoy freedom of speech and press. These amendments allow others to have their say without being shot down. Despite our revisions, what we post out loud is still limited. Suppose we found the diary written by @PERSON1? Are we seeing his deepest and darkest thoughts out loud? Or would we say it's too dark and frustrating for the average human eye. He thinks differently, does that mean we shouldn't show them? No, we should show them that we need to educate people that there are indeed different ways of looking at life. I believe whoever's idea, if the author speaks it out loud, should be read out loud and understood in our own way. If anyone wants to know how to murder in @CAPS1 then I think they should do it out loud. The reason; @CAPS1 is being phased out and the age of technology is officially here. There is nothing in @CAPS1 that we can't find online. Even though @CAPS1 is a government-run facility, many people look elsewhere for material they want to view censored media. Indeed, if we allow "review" material to be put into @CAPS1, kids can find it. But just like the internet, you can block those kid things. All voices need to be heard, even if it's racist, sexist, mean, or just crazy. These are ways to look at the ideas or reasons behind hatred and war. If we can learn from other mindsets through books, music, movies and movies, then I think we should speak out. Nothing should be shielded from the public. Everyone has the right to express their opinions in their own way.
Keep @CAPS1 on the shelf! I don't think we should get rid of any books in the library. If we did, there would be no books left. The only thing we should worry about is movies rated @CAPS2. Yes, those can be brought out of the library. If a book is offensive to someone, don't understand it, but others may enjoy that book. For example, an older woman was browsing the magazine and she saw the teenage girl was on drugs or half-naked. Although the teenager sitting next to her likes this kind of gossip. We shouldn't get rid of any books because then we'll just be reduced to one genre. No categories will be left in the library. A good idea is to keep the books separate, putting the ones that look offensive at the back. Keep children's books away from big mystery horror books. Another example is this. A student went to the library to write a historical report on slavery, but there were no books on slavery because some thought it was offensive to African Americans. I understand that certain books are taken out of the library for certain pornographic content for a reason. Kids don't need to be around these kinds of books. Or some books are eliminated because of religious beliefs. It's like a book is taken out because it's about worshiping the devil, or something. I understand the movie situation. I don't want my little daughter to step up and grab something that has a sex scene or has drugs in it. You can take them off the shelf, but wait, there's another example of why it shouldn't. Just because I want it off doesn't mean everyone wants it off. Then the library's film business is over. All in all, no one should choose what should be in the library and what should not. Personally I think the library should have a variety. If not everyone would get tired of the same books. again and again. Put @CAPS1 on the shelf
Author Katherine Paterson believes that if a book isn't something she wants her children to read, it should be taken off the library shelves. If you find a book objectionable in a public library, would you like the book to be removed from your view and public view? Personally, I wouldn't. I don't want this book removed because that book could be a great learning experience for others. In this post I will explain @CAPS5 from my personal experience I disagree with Katherine Paterson. In sixth grade, I learned how to use the system to find a book in a public library. We have to use the system to look up certain books in the school library as assignments. One book we had to find was @CAPS1 @CAPS2. I find it easily because I know where it should be and what it looks like. But I have a kid in my class who has never seen @CAPS2 in his life. After helping her find @CAPS2, she asked, '@CAPS5 Is this book so important to people? I do not know. I explained the life of @CAPS6 and @CAPS5 to her as best I could, it was important to me. She soon discovered that this was something she wanted to know more about. In some states, @CAPS2 is illegal in schools. This is because of other people's beliefs or disbeliefs. If it wasn't for the library putting @CAPS2 on the shelf, that girl would never have learned what is important to her now. A book may offend other people, but that book can change a person's life forever. Catherine Patterson believes some books shouldn't be found in libraries. Unfortunately, others think so too. A book can change someone's life, what if that book doesn't change another book in the library?
I feel like a library can have any type of book illustrating any type of material. It's a library, a place where people go to get information. If you do not want your child or children to read, watch or listen to such material, then you should not allow them to read, listen or watch any objectionable material until they reach a certain age and are mature enough about it. It's a library and they'll have all kinds of books. I don't think any book should be removed because someone is offended or it's too scary or has a lot of swearing about your kids. Not everyone will be offended by the same things or the same material. If you do, then don't read that book or watch that movie, but that doesn't mean it has to be taken off the shelf just because a person is offended by it. Libraries are built for the community and the people in it, not just one person. Others may want to read or watch material that some people are offended by. This is how I think about censorship in books, movies, music, magazines, etc. It's a library and they're going to have a bunch of material. If you find something offensive, mature, put it back and find something else to read, watch or listen to
In a library, if certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are found, should they be removed from the shelves? Many people @MONTH1 get upset if they find a book or magazine or any type of material inappropriate for anyone to see/hear. Inappropriate material is often referred to as @MONTH1 Offensive images and/or text. The words in the song can be offensive. Talking about girls in a disrespectful way in music can offend both the girl and the audience. Images can also be offensive in many ways, such as sexual, racial, and violent. I believe that if a book, music, movie or magazine upsets you, then you should stay away from that section, especially that material. If you've been to a library, you'll find that children are still mostly in the children's section; if you're an adult, you should be mature enough to ignore the things that bother you. I have been to the library several times in my life. When I look for what I'm looking for, I ignore things that offend or upset me. In a library, if certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are found, should they be removed from the shelves? My answer is no, for the reasons I have listed above. People should be mature enough to stay away and not let the offensive material in the library reach them
Who says what is right for whom? Who will judge who is right and who is wrong? Like most things, it depends on a point of view. Asylum seekers have to learn one day that if kids now know the truth, like don't stick a fork in a socket, they'll be less curious when they grow up. Being sheltered is not always a good thing, and censorship of what we read, watch or listen to is absurd and disrespectful to the author. On the issue of censorship, I find it pointless. Censorship doesn't stop your kids from learning anything, except mom won't let me watch. It just makes your kids more curious and more obligated to hide things from you, just as they can't ask you questions or be honest with you. Put your kids behind you more, and when they're in trouble, they'll see you as their last place for help, and you should be their first choice. No, I don't think libraries should censor anything. It changes the author's work. How would it feel if you wrote something and it was published and in a library and didn't like something about it so they decided to just beep it or not allow some people to read it? I think censorship should be illegal, not required. Sheltering children prevents them from maturing and discovering the real world. In most cases, thinking that the world is free of evil or hiding evil from children causes them to rebel, and in other cases, leaves them unprepared for the future and the real world. Don't you want to be able to help your kids and teach them things instead of telling them everything is perfect and only bad people use that language. Or make them feel like a bad person because they did what your grandparents did when they were young? My conclusion is that censorship is unjust, unfair, and genuinely wrong. Not the blasphemy or violence that will one day somehow escape their lives. In the "real world" you don't have a daily mindset that the world doesn't have any problems. Or everything is censored and everything is controlled I believe censorship is just another way to control the mind through nutrition
I don't think it's necessary to take the item off the shelf for offensive reasons. I feel this way for a few reasons, but three in particular. First of all, @MONTH1 is a book, movie or magazine that someone plans to read and deleting an item will disappoint the client. Second, @CAPS1 is a lot of solutions to try before taking the item. In the end, customers have to accept some of the decisions the business decides to make. First of all, @MONTH1 is a book, movie or magazine that someone plans to read and deleting an item will disappoint the client. People come to libraries to see things that interest them to entertain themselves. @CAPS1 should be all types of literature for all types of people in the library because everyone thinks differently. Every time an item is removed from the shelf, @CAPS1 becomes a dissatisfied customer. Second, @CAPS1 is a lot of solutions to try before taking the item. Libraries always have some type of organization. In order not to offend anyone, items should be grouped into their own categories within their respective sections. This solution will prevent anyone from seeing something that offends them. If that doesn't help, librarians should post a sign on the front door explaining what types of items are inside so everyone knows before entering. In the end, customers have to accept some of the decisions the business decides to make. The customer's needs and wishes should always be met unless the customer is trying to run the business as if it were their own. If a particular library chooses to have certain types of programs because they know what readers like, others shouldn't be involved with themselves. If I owned a library, I would be unhappy if a client took a book off the shelf because they would interfere with my business. In conclusion, I believe there are three reasons why it is not necessary to take an item off the shelf. First, @MONTH1 is a book, movie, or magazine that someone plans to read. Second, @CAPS1 is a lot of solutions to try before taking the item. In the end, customers have to accept some of the decisions the business decides to make. I believe I made my point very well. While some @MONTH1 disagree with how I feel, I stick with it. If an item is removed for offensive reasons, @CAPS1 certainly won't leave any books for any of us.
The newspaper company, @CAPS1 is writing to this company to explain why I think certain books, music, movies and magazines should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. @CAPS1 would like to tell you from my own experience and readings that this will convince an argument. @CAPS1 reflects my views on library review. @CAPS1 Write so you can hear what I have to say and convince you in this post. First of all, I think knowing that books should take off on any shelf in any library. Instead, if it has to do with people's thoughts about religion, race, or any other thing that has offended anyone in the past. For example, gay marriage people's thoughts and opinions on the topic. I believe in knowing that one should not respect anyone's opinion of what they say. It depends on what language you use for such topics, if it has harsh words and is considered harmful then yes it should be removed. Another thing is the kids taking the books off the shelf. Maybe you should accompany your child in the kid's area and tell him or her things he or she shouldn't do, such as take down things they shouldn't. I mean, if the assumption that hurting others and using negative words to hurt others' feelings is offensive, then it should be removed. My letter to you is to give you my opinion on what should be in the library. I use some examples and common sense to show you my opinion on what I think is right or wrong in this situation. I hope my themes and arguments convince you whether you should take a book off the shelf. @organization1
Are there any universally evil books that no one should read? Is good or bad no longer a matter of readers' own opinion? The answer is no. Censorship is a terrible practice disguised as favor. The right to read certain books should not be reserved for a conservative few because everyone has their own opinion on everything. We can always learn something from a book, and it's not right to take it away. Freedom of speech should certainly come into play here, too, allowing the author's words to be heard without interference from those who decide what we read. There's a reason why libraries have many parts. They have to cater to the individual tastes of the masses without regard to the dislikes of others. If one walks through the library and burns every book they don't like, there's almost nothing left. Send another guy with a different taste, and you've got a completely empty library. It's best to keep all the books aside so everyone can find something they love to read. Basically, there are bound to be people with similar opinions as the author, so please allow the author to share those opinions. Then we have the knowledge part of the question. Material that is offensive to one person may be something another person wants or needs to read, whether for fun or for class. Much can be learned from psychology and human nature in almost any writing. If the question involves the corruption of innocent minds, perhaps a limited part is appropriate, but a full reviewer is never needed. Finally, there is a fix in @CAPS1 from @CAPS2 to prevent censorship. Restricting expressive speech in any form is unconstitutional, whether it be books, movies, music, or magazines. What's more restrictive for authors than banning their books? The biggest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the simple freedom that @LOCATION1 allows. If we start limiting this freedom, what are we? In short, censorship is a harmful practice and should never be used. Everyone has their own opinions, all media can learn from, and our freedom should not be limited. Censorship is something that should really be banned.
Dear @CAPS1, Is @CAPS2 safe to delineate the world kids should or shouldn't see. What makes a child behave better, stay away from life or live smart and know what's going on in this world. I think it's safe to say what we do or don't want our kids to do, and so on. But in other respects, do we have complete control over our kids @NUM1. I know this may sound weird, but I firmly believe in the simple fact that kids are over-sheltered today! Our children are learning new technologies. It is the center of computers, laptops and gaming systems. Our kids don't know what it's like to go out anymore. The world has so much to offer us, and we reject it because we also see what all new advancements have to offer. I think smart books and street smarts are very important, if you spend all your @CAPS3 on @CAPS3 doing one thing, you will end up missing one thing. I believe the results will come. I think our kids are overprotected for the simple fact that they don't go in the real world and just see exactly what you don't want! That's why it's important to keep your kids informed about what's going on in the world rather than keeping them in the dark. Also, we are living in a new era of life where computers and laptops are now the first thing people in the world use and use on a daily basis. It is difficult for children to understand the reality of life because now everything is done through the internet. It's a privilege to be so far ahead in the world, but we still don't know what to do! As we get older we won't know almost everything we need to know and teach because as we get older there is more material, more logic and more information on the web. Kids won't know how to fix a car or know how to start a lawn mower. I don't think books should be taken off the shelf because over time the reality of children is being taken away more and more! I think what kids learn from everyday life is important because that's our future and it scares me if they don't know what's going on because our kids are going to have more fights against us just have to Do what we can to teach them and hope they become the best people in life! Thank you @CAPS3! German
Censorship at @ORGANIZATION1 has been around for as long as they are in various artistic mediums. In many cases, review @CAPS9 material that many feel is not suitable for anyone to create and enjoy. But on other, more serious issues, censors deemed it inappropriate for certain audiences, or even the entire country. What @CAPS9 gives a few the right to ban any given number of imaginative creations, even if they are inherently more tempting in some ways? Censorship and @CAPS9 are still very useful tools used by many governments for various tasks considered to keep our minds and bodies "safe". Some of the better known cases of this most vile control strategy come from the countries of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4R, @CAPS3 @LOCATION5 and @LOCATION2. In these countries, all material deemed potentially harmful to the welfare of @ORGANIZATION2 is strictly regulated and in many cases destroyed. The most notable example happened with @LOCATION3, where @CAPS4 would collect tons of books from people and burn them in mass rallies. People are so obsessed with the @CAPS5 leadership that they are often free to drop their books without resistance, and in some cases join in and throw the book to themselves. @CAPS9 is still doing the same thing today at @LOCATION5, censors are still on their internet surfing possibilities. In @DATE1, the popular search engine @ORGANIZATION3 attempted to set up shop in the country, but soon got into a dispute with @ORGANIZATION2 over censorship of some material. Much to the dismay of @ORGANIZATION2, months after the debate about censoring people at @LOCATION5 began, the company completely lifted all bans within a short period of time. During this time, @CAPS9 reported that some of the main search topics were those of many social reformers and different religions, not the religions endorsed by @ORGANIZATION2. However, @CAPS9 @LOCATION2 is the most censored country, they are @ORGANIZATION2, which restricts and regulates any technology in that country. Ordinary people live in what is called "@CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8". In our home country of @LOCATION1, we are committed to protecting our many rights to liberty as citizens. We are committed to freedom of speech and the press, and when censoring our libraries, they restrict both. If we don't stand up to protect our rights, then who will? Aren't we @ORGANIZATION2 for the people and for the people? Why do we allow the review of our own intellectual creations in a place that provides access to the aforementioned material for the less fortunate to gain knowledge and understanding for themselves. If we as a people allow such blatant restrictions on our given freedoms, we cannot have them in the first place. Our nation was founded and then almost torn apart by men and women who were willing to take risks to protect their freedom in this country. Are we the descendants of those people? If so, why should we allow ourselves to squander what our ancestors worked so hard to earn and win. Censors often ask questions that really make one wonder "@CAPS9 is this really better?". They point out that for every great piece of intellectual art, other, more deviant ones, have created some more inappropriate works of "art". Porn @CAPS9 is their most pervasive example, pointing out that if they didn't restrict it, who would stop hundreds of children from not only roaming library shelves, but also providing internet service. It @CAPS9 is a reasonable question once that is considered, but in answering it I believe it @CAPS9 and will always be the job of a parent or guardian with a child. @CAPS9 is simply not enough to get kids off at the local library and hope they find something fun. Help that kid find what they want @CAPS9 A journey both parents and kids should go through. What about those who think that censors are not always right about what @CAPS9 and @CAPS9 are unacceptable to @ORGANIZATION1 in general? As the author Katherine Paterson once said, "We can all think of a book that we wish no one or any other child had ever taken off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book Books are removed from the shelves - I hate this kind of work - then you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. Then we have no books on the shelves for any of us. Censorship has been around for a long time , and will likely never be completely out of any functioning @ORGANIZATION2. Sadly, @CAPS9 is an unavoidable inevitability. But the amount of it happening in your everyday life will be directly affected by the degree of freedom you're willing to defend for it .
Almost everyone in the world reads books. A lot of people have to read it almost every day, the folks at @MONTH1 don't realize it, but they do. Reading is only part of life If you don't know how to read, you probably won't be successful. Even if you know how to read, people might be fine if you only know the basic words, but people definitely need to know how to read. No, I don't think they should take anything off the shelf. Why would they take anything off the shelf? If anyone finds it offensive, they should hardly ever read it. Just because it offended the rest of their @MONTH1 who thought it was funny. If people started taking books off shelves just because they were offended by them, who knows how many books we'd be left with. People can be offended in the simplest of ways. We may not have books on our shelves because almost every book offends someone in some way. The same goes for movies, which can offend people as much as books. I think moives would be more offensive than a book. In conclusion, no book, movie, or anything for that matter should be taken off the shelf for offending someone. Many people are offended in this easy way. One @MONTH1 loves a book, another hates it. Just because you hate it doesn't mean it should be taken down
Censorship is one of many important issues facing the world today. Many believe that material deemed offensive is harmful to society and should not be tolerated. Others argue that freedom of speech is a universal right that should extend to any and all forms of human expression. The concept of what is and is not suitable for children further complicates the issue. Are there materials that are acceptable to adults but not to children? Problems such as these have plagued mankind for hundreds of years, with no easy solutions. Today, many people think censorship is a bad word. In fact, the concept of censorship is not inherently wrong. Problems only arise when people start abusing their power and censoring material that shouldn't be censored. For example, many countries restrict selling and owning a copy of "@PERSON2", a kind of mission statement written by @PERSON1 for @LOCATION1. While many of the ideas contained in the book are highly objectionable, it still shouldn't be censored. People have the right to read this book and form their own opinion on the teachings of @PERSON1, this is not where the government decides for them. While oppressive dictatorships and mass murder are crimes, reading them is not. Few materials are available that should be properly reviewed and taken away from adults. If someone understands what they are reading and is able to form an informed opinion about the material, no one has the right to prevent them from expanding their knowledge or expressing themselves by creating similar material. However, when one considers children, the issue changes completely. If adults want to view pornography or read reports of extreme violence, that's their business. However, these concepts are clearly not suitable for children, and no decent parent wants their children to fill their minds with these things. Children need to be introduced to these concepts slowly and gently so they can fully understand them. In the case of children, careful scrutiny is necessary for healthy development. When it comes to libraries, there are very few materials that should be banned. If libraries are places for learning, then people have no right to limit the information they contain. However, that doesn't mean there shouldn't be any restrictions. Libraries should, like many libraries, offer a children's section with materials suitable for teens only. Then, it becomes the parent's responsibility to make sure their children stay in that section. When parents think their child is ready to explore the adult part, they are free to take their child there. The system enables parents to keep children away from harmful substances without taking them away from adults. Many will argue that unsupervised children may be exposed to inappropriate material, but this is really an issue for parents, not libraries. After all, it's better for a few kids to see things they shouldn't be than all adults have to read censored material. In conclusion, censorship is a concept that has a place in society, but it must be used very carefully. It can be used with caution when the goal is to protect people, especially children, from harmful substances. However, when those in power use censorship to attack views they disagree with, it becomes a form of oppression. Most importantly, people must be free to educate themselves, form their own opinions and express themselves. If someone doesn't like a material, they can ignore it, but they should never try to take it away from someone else
Books can make very impressive impressions on the people who read them, and sometimes those impressions are not for the reader. Books found to be inappropriate for children or even teens should be reconsidered for removal from shelves exposed to children or teens. I think kids shouldn't study inappropriate material if they're not ready to learn inappropriate material, in other words, if they're not the right age. Books are just one thing, as are movies, music, magazines, and more. All of these things give our kids and teens the wrong idea. Inappropriate media or information should not be exposed to people who are not ready or mature enough to watch movies or read books that could hurt them or give them the wrong impression. Children who read books or watch inappropriate media sometimes change their appearance. I think a lot of kids who watch movies in particular should not be exposed to them. Some of the movies I've seen are so inappropriate that I can't imagine young kids watching them. It's because I don't think kids know as much as we do, so it gives them the wrong idea that they're going the wrong way. I think inappropriate books or media can change a child's childhood in a negative way. Children and teens should also be mature enough to have access to all books, movies and magazines. If people of all ages have access to all the high-rated movies, books, and magazines, I don't think the library section or anyone who has access to it is very responsible. I think as this medium becomes ubiquitous, society will be harder to control. Parents also don't appreciate if their kids are reading or seeing things they don't think kids should be exposed to. I think kids are simply not mature enough to have access to all the books, magazines and movies. It will cause a lot of trouble for a lot of people. Many kids will do stupid things they've seen in movies or read about in books they think are cool, or they should try it. Already have teenage or teenage problems. This is because many of them are exposed to things they shouldn't see at a very young age, which affects their actions. I've seen or heard many behaviors related to a book or a movie that probably wouldn't have happened if the person hadn't been exposed to it. Children are simply not ready or mature enough to be exposed to everything a book, movie or magazine has to offer. It can change the way kids think, or what they think would be physically cool. I think it's bad enough that a lot of teens have been exposed to a lot of these things. For those with children, this should be a wake-up call. Books should not be exposed to every age group because it hurts society, anyone who is not ready to learn or witness what they will learn
Censorship has become a major talking point when it comes to books, music and movies. This content is censored because young children are not expected to read, listen or watch the material. What about adults? Books, music and movies are being pulled from libraries due to censorship, which is unfair to adults. Books are now being rewritten so they don't contain offensive language. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is a prime example. Changing the offensive language in this book would completely ruin it. The book is primarily about white racism against African Americans, which readers wouldn't understand if it changed. If libraries have censored books, they should put them on shelves just for censored books so adults can still read them. Music is another material at the hands of censorship. Due to censorship, offensive language in songs was removed and uncensored CDs were not sold in some stores. Some adults like the original song of the original story. Libraries should provide them with clear and clean versions of some CDs that children and adults can listen to. Movies are another material that censorship takes over. They are rated @CAPS3 for all ages, @NUM1 for kids @NUM2 and up, and @CAPS4 for @NUM3 and up. These ratings are good guidelines, but parents should be the ones who ultimately decide whether or not their kids should be able to watch a certain movie. There should be a variety of movies on the library shelves. If a 12-year-old wants to see a movie rated @NUM1 or @CAPS4, he or she should be able to watch it with a parent or guardian. Censorship is a good thing, but it doesn't need to be taken to extremes. If an adult wants to read a censored book, he or she should still be able to read it at the local library, and if a kid wants to see a movie rated @CAPS4, he or she should be able to contact a parent or guardian.
There shouldn't be a specific kind of book in the library. Books shouldn't be taken off the shelf just because some people find them objectionable. Don't take this book, others might like it, it's just for fun. If you don't like the book, you don't have to get the book. When looking for a book, if there is one that doesn't look right, look there. It won't even be a hassle. There are many books in the library, find a different book instead of just focusing on that one. There will always be more books out there to read. If there is a bad book, go to a different part of the library. There are more good books than bad books to a person. If someone else wanted the book, the library wouldn't take it off the shelves. @MONTH1 will offend some people, but there will be other people in the world who like the same book. Some people go to the library just to read their books. Some people like certain types of books, and maybe that's not the right part for one person. This book can be an interesting one, all you have to do is try it out. If any readers might even like this book and check it out. Books are for entertainment. That's why they have so many different sections and options to choose from. If an adult doesn't like a children's book because it gives the child the wrong idea, then don't buy the book for the child. Different parents might come in and think this book is great for their kids. For anyone going to the library, books should be on the shelf. Librarians don't take books off the shelf for one person's opinion. When all they have to do is not get the book, think other people might like it, or remember they're there for the reader's entertainment.
I think censorship in adult shows is stupid. I see why they put it on a kids show...but really? Would you guys put these things on a good movie? It's still a song! ? What happened to free speech?
Dear Newspaper: @CAPS1 Libraries should have censorship, but people should be of a certain age before they can borrow books. Some people go to the library just to review. Today, censorship is basically a way of getting a child or student to pick up a book. Also, if parents read aloud to their children because they don't think it's hurting their children, it's not. Put a @NUM1 and older section in the library so anyone and everyone can't get in unless they have @CAPS2 just to address the age issue. No matter what you do, libraries lose the little money they get from the people. I don't, you think censorship should take down every shelf in the library, but they really shouldn't because I believe if you did, the library would be out of business forever. That's why the library should review it. I've done that, but I'll leave you with a question: do you really want to review the library?
Take a moment now to go back to high school. Do you remember roaming under the Opera House with the Phantom? How about fighting for @PERSON2's freedom with @PERSON1? Maybe getting people into trouble in @LOCATION1 with @CAPS1? No matter what your favorite classic literature is, you'll recall the wonderful feeling of reading it. It envelopes you in its world and you feel every sense it has to offer. What's this? The author is @CAPS2. The author occasionally uses bad words. The author is a woman. This is not an acceptable excuse for missing out on everything literature has to offer. Censorship in public libraries is wrong. @CAPS3 was a dark time. Thousands of @CAPS4 people have been killed because of their religion and gays and other minorities. Amid all this confusion, @ORGANIZATION1 decided it was a good idea to burn all books written by @CAPS4 authors. So they did it. Millions of books were eradicated along with their owners due to religious differences. Still need to ask? This is wrong. Many people say that ignorance is a blessing, but are they really imposing their own ideas on others? Now let's see where a book, movie, magazine or song is censored. A dirty word, a little skin, a controversial idea. These are sometimes needed to stress compilation. Imagine how less powerful an angry character can be if he gets some curses every now and then. pitiful. So is it worth it for you? Would you give up beautiful work because it was controversial? Do you hide your children from material that will allow them to form their own opinions? One thing is for sure, I won't. I'm going to fight censorship until it feels the huge blow it takes on so many beautiful works. One day my request will be heard. No matter what you say, public library censorship is wrong
There is a good stack of books sitting in the public library and you can get all kinds of different types of books. You'll get a book about anything you really need, any facts you need to know, or anything you want to know how to do, and I'm sure there's a book out there that can help you. Just because a book is an option doesn't mean it needs to be taken off the shelves. Everyone sees everything in a different way. You can learn a lot from reading a book if you read it to help you in many different ways. Personally, I hate reading, so I don't learn much. I'm more of a hands-on person, words just fly through one ear and out the other. I really have to understand that I can easily lose my mind when I try to read and listen or write to listen
My statement is negative. Since that's all history, say you like kkk stuff or something like that. Say you have a dock, but need related information. You will need relevant information, and that information will include notes, dates, and more
I believe in censorship, but I believe it's no big deal. Parents should block material they deem harmful to their children. If it's too bad, it's a parent's right to make sure their kids don't see it. My point about discontinuing materials such as books, music, movies and magazines is that there are things that should not be shown , read and heard by younger people unless they have parental consent . I think the point of censorship is if someone sees something they don't like and they want to get rid of it and if there is a problem then yes it should be censorship but if it can be avoided and it's as small as a word then I In a book it is said that people should understand more about it and try to go beyond it or try to find another path to solve it. If you don't like something, then maybe you shouldn't read or listen to it, and if it sucks, don't involve your kids in it. I've never found a book and read it and found it offensive or disturbing. I've found books that I don't like or that are bad, but I've never seen anything so bad that I don't want anyone to read it. If people are going to censor something, I think it should be for a good reason, not because they don't like the person, or they think their ideas are wrong, but because of something bad for the anetirer race or for the younger age graphics. My point of reviewing something in my head is the way to put it in perspective We see it all the time in the real world people do something because they don't like someone they try something extreme to get out of some bad marriage but in the There are a lot of things people should know about any situation in this world, when I have kids, I will decide whether to block certain things, and if I don't, that's how it should be
If I were to give me the opportunity to choose whether people should take books off the shelf or not offend the folks at the local library, I think it's perfectly fine to neither take books off the shelf nor leave them on @CAPS1. I highly recommend voting to figure out what to do with these books. I would say the vote is justified because many people have many different beliefs and some of them may be offended. So I would choose at least ten people of different religions, backgrounds, etc., and I would have them all vote on what they think should be done with these offensive books. People have different beliefs, so it's hard to please everyone. That's why voting with different types of people works for just about anyone. Like my mom said, "You'll never make everyone happy." @CAPS1 There are a lot of things in today's society that can offend people, and what might primarily offend one person might not have an impact on another. This is the main reason why the votes are rough, because @CAPS1 has a huge variety of people on the planet today. You might also have to check how many times this book has been checked out before, because @CAPS1 probably no one in the voting group has the same opinion as someone who checked out before. Although if the book is voted to remain in the library, I believe the book should be posted in the correct area. Since this book may offend some people, it should be labeled in case someone who doesn't know (like kids) comes across the book. Voting is used in our society today and has been very effective over the years. Voting must not only be used during elections, but can also be used for this reason. Voting is always important and people should take note of that. I believe voting can solve many problems in the world today
When to say something bad affects how or what people read @CAPS2 every day. This is the hot spot of this life. No one wants to read a boring article unless it is meant to be. I will share with you my thoughts on certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., which should be removed from the shelf if I find them objectionable. I have observations, experience and reading some of my supposedly offensive articles to prove my point. In my opinion no one should take it off the shelf for anything because I'm sure they did a lot of work to put it on the shelf. So there is no reason to take it off. I'd be shocked and upset if that was something I took off the shelf. So that's one of the reasons why you shouldn't. It can hurt people emotionally. Follow that statement, but sometimes you just don't want them to be seen because they can be embarrassing. For example, an athlete interviewed in an @CAPS1 article who was suspended for a violation was just cursing and out of control. I'll also put that article away so the public doesn't see it and no one gets bombed. Finally @CAPS2 everyone knows that there are certain types of movies where music cannot be shown publicly. So you have to ask for the movie or @CAPS3 and then someone will take it for you from the back because there is clear content or clear lyrics. G-@CAPS4 @NUM1, should be the only movie allowed on shelves, rated @CAPS5 and above should be behind the counter, so is the music. I'm pretty sure it's clear to the audience. @CAPS2 I've shared with you my views on different perspectives on library censorship, and what are your thoughts on the subject as you read this persuasive article. You have read my experience, observations and common sense on the subject. If you had to write an article about library review, what would you do.
Materials such as books, music, movies, and magazines are used to entertain people. Adults and children get a lot of information from reading materials in the library. Books provide another way for people to learn new things than in the classroom. If reading material is already in the classroom, it should not be removed. If someone walks into the library, they have to be responsible. Adults and young people must know what they should read and what is not acceptable. No one has the right to take a book off the shelf because they think it is objectionable. There are millions of books in the world that are offensive. There is no perfect book in this world that doesn't bother someone. Every book published today has the right to be read. There are many people in the world looking for a certain book, magazine, movie or even music. The material helps to find answers to questions, make good decisions, and help someone on the right path. @CAPS1 is a book about understanding and knowledge. There are a lot of people who think we shouldn't read it or even pick it up. Like @CAPS1 said, free will. It is our free will to pick up the books we want to read. Books provide another way for people to learn new things. Adults and children get a lot of information from library reading materials. Books, music, movies, magazines are all for people's enjoyment
Should offensive material be censored? No, censoring books, music, movies, magazines, etc. takes away our liberties as American citizens. If you think books should be reviewed, think about it. Will they remove "hell" or "damn" from the Bible because those words are considered offensive? I don't think so, these words give strength to this book. @CAPS1 Books, considered offensive, are historical and cultural revelations. Taking these books away limits education. Books should not be censored. A case where I am very disgusted and talk about censorship is the popular book "@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1". The book tells the story of a young white boy eloping with an older black man. In stories, the word "nigger" is often used. A lot of people were offended by the word, so they republished a new edition of the book, substituting "slave" for "nigger". @CAPS1 People are happy with the word change, but others think by censoring the word they are taking away a very important part of the story. I agree with the latter statement. The background of the story goes back to the time when black people were slaves and called niggers. I agree that the word nigger has heavy connotations, but that's what the word is used for. The author uses it to give readers a sense of what life was like at the time. When considering future generations who won't learn about slavery or black oppression, this book offers a raw insight into the lives of black people. The word itself is a symbol of slavery, without which the book would not be as strong. Censorship is a thin line, and everyone draws that line differently. @ORGANIZATION1's story is just one example of censorship. On TV, nudity and language are censored when dubbed inappropriately. It's up to parents to decide which books their children should read, which magazines they should buy, and which TV shows they should watch. If parents find the book objectionable or think their child shouldn't read it, then they should make sure their child doesn't read it. These books should not be taken off the shelf as they will entertain and educate other children or parents. Books should not be censored, if a person thinks the book is inappropriate then they don't have to read it.
Imagine @CAPS1 you're looking for a book to read in the library when your son or daughter runs to you with a questionable magazine. What do you do? There should be no inappropriate items on library shelves. The library is reviewed to protect you and your family. Libraries should be censored so everyone can enjoy them. The number one reason I think libraries should be censored is because of the kids that go there. Children are curious, they are always attracted to colorful and different things. An example of @CAPS1 is my little sister. She wanted to go to a zoo instead of a museum because, as she said, 'I want to see animals, not boring statues. I can see those anytime in town. @CAPS1 shows that kids want to see different things, and if they go to the library and see the same item, then there's nothing to worry about. When they see something in question for the first time, they want it because it's new. The second reason a library should be reviewed is that sometimes not everything in a library is in the right place. Let's say you want to see a movie that sounds good, you look it up in the library, go home, put it in, and find it's not the movie you thought it was. What if you rented that movie for the party and invited guests? Won't this embarrass you? Well, something similar happened to my cousin, but she got @LOCATION1. She was embarrassed for weeks after the incident. All this embarrassment can be avoided if the library has to be censored. A third reason libraries should be censored is that sometimes seeing certain material in a library can be objectionable. Do you get angry when you see something like this? I know I will. I don't want anyone to be offended like this. When I was a kid, I went to the mall with my grandmother. We want to buy me a new pair of jeans. I was pissed when the salesperson said the jeans I picked "look fat." I know what it's like to be offended, and people should consider the feelings of others before taking offense. While some people think it's okay to have inappropriate material in the library, I believe they should find somewhere else for it. Think about your family and how much you love them. Think about what would lead to a library not having censors. Do you want to take responsibility for not doing anything to help? Trying to find ways to enact stricter library censorship laws
Why should books that some people enjoy reading should be removed from library shelves? That's Ludacris. Well there are plenty of options to get those books off the shelf entirely. We've all seen or heard of books that aren't for certain readers. Understandably, young children should not read or associate with these materials, such as: books, magazines, poems, movies, songs. There is absolutely no need for kids to read this explicit material, but we can stop it. One way that libraries across the country can prevent this from happening is to build a completely different library, or place explicit materials on the exact opposite side of the library from children's materials. I know that libraries tend to have adult and children's materials dedicated to opposite corners of the library, but there should be stricter rules for children entering the adult area. Another idea is to get parental permission on the child's own library card, telling the librarian where in the library they can get a book when the child is borrowing it. For example, maybe a child's parents only allow him/her access to materials from the children's section of the library; so if the child wants materials from a different area of the library, they won't be able to get it unless his/her parents tell the librarian, Allow the child to obtain this information. I know it upset me when I was a kid that I couldn't do what my parents were doing, but now that I look back, I see why they didn't want me to do what they were doing. They wanted me to be a child as much as possible. They know that if I'm reading or listening to inappropriate material, I'm growing too fast. I know now, now I understand what they're asking of me. Lastly, keep those dirty books and magazines away from young children. I don't want to see it banned or taken out of the library; I just want to see parents come forward as parents and keep young children out of this kind of thing. It's not the library's fault if people's children are exposed to this obvious material. It's the parent's fault to let it happen
Should offensive material be taken down? Should the movies you loved and watched as a kid disappear right away? Magazines are offensive, they always are, they get the truth from celebrities and people, and they twist their words into something totally different from what they say. There are a lot of movies in this world that show hurting people, replay bad parts of someone's life, talk about people. Music is just words and sounds, and they make songs about people who have done things in the past, and those people would find it offensive. I saw a music video about @PERSON1 and making fun of her in prison, but I thought it should be taken off the computer, not entertaining. The world needs something to keep us engaged. Imagine what it would be like without the paparazzi if we didn't have journalists. We don't know anything going on all over the world and seeing famous things offends them, I can understand where they come from, it's always talked about, especially the mistakes you've made in your life, but that's all the world is How it works, that's always going to be a part of everyone's life, talk about. So, as I've been saying, in my opinion, getting rid of objectionable movies, music, magazines, books is not a good option, because if they disappear, what else can we do?
At @LOCATION1, our constitution states that anyone can enjoy freedom of speech. Free to say anything they want to get rid of their thoughts and express their personality and opinions. This should also include books, music, movies, magazines and any other form of entertainment. However, there will always be people who will offend others with thoughts and opinions related to free speech. If someone finds a certain type of material objectionable in a public library, it should be known that he or she should not observe the type of material on offer. He or she shouldn't get angry about things that they find offensive and others find very pleasant. From that person's point of view, they should be aware of and master free speech. What they @MONTH1 doesn't like is likely what everyone else likes. So why censor and deprive others of the form of enjoyment just because of one bad lemon? It shouldn't. Everyone expresses themselves in their own way. This is a form of releasing positive and/or negative energy in a healthy way. Whether it's writing a book, posting an article, or writing music, it's a way of venting, and some people @MONTH1 like the style of those who vent. Compliance with this style is entirely up to the person who is offended by the material. Libraries should not allow censorship. If there's one kind of censorship, it's depriving someone of something they want to enjoy. It would also deprive the artist or author of freedom of speech and expression. Books are banned in schools across the country. Just because they think it's right doesn't always mean it's right. Of course, they just want people to be safe from something objectionable. But why keep them out of the real world? To get people out and see what the world is like, it's all kinds of art.
Book review? Never thought I would see this day. However, this does not necessarily mean that I agree or agree. My disapproval or disagreement doesn't mean I don't disapprove. I find it sufficient and fair to need to step back and argue both sides. can we? Of these, I found that if you censor one thing, you censor them all. Public goods such as television, radio, magazines and even books have crept into our less-than-perfect world. Yes, crime and obscenity happen as you read this. But is it entirely fair to say that these public goods have completely influenced and brainwashed children into early adulthood? perhaps. Again, maybe not. It is true that children, when they are the youngest, are easily shaped into the people they will always be, or at least until they are old enough to form their own opinions on certain topics. For example, when I was younger, my cousin, who happened to be a few years older than me, started to like something. After being with her for a long time, I also started to "like" it. I found myself addicted to it. Now, before you start realizing this is a bad thing, I can assure you it's just a bunch of @CAPS1 cards. Anyway, it wasn't until later that my mom told me it wasn't my real interest. That's hers. I imitate her likes and dislikes. Every other kid in the world has done something similar. What makes anyone think they wouldn't do the same after listening to uncensored music, watching uncensored TV, or reading uncensored books or magazines? On the other hand, it would be unfair to take away some books that people find inappropriate or indecent. If so, almost every book will disappear, but not. Today, you can't turn on the radio without hearing information about sex, drugs, alcohol, or smoking. Now, anyone can access these things more easily. You can't turn on your computer without ads from porn or other porn sites appearing on your screen. Books also got out of hand. The world is now absurd and out of place. But in the end, I'll stick to my original point: if you censor one thing, censor them. It's just fair. Radio, TV, movies, and even @CAPS2 have been censored. Books are no longer as innocent as they seem. So yes, my final opinion is that libraries should actually review their books, or at least try to do so. Libraries are places to learn and have fun and not go back to what they read in little "harmless" books because of a mental scar.
You are not suitable for this book", said the librarian. You are too young for this book. To me, libraries don't need censorship laws. Common people should be free to see what they like. One should be happy that young people actually want to read. Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are all censored. Everyone sees things in a different way, some are said to be more mature than others. If they want to play that game, Or read that book, they should be allowed. The person picking up the product should know their situation and should know if they can handle the material. So they are responsible for their actions. Isn't that how the law works? If Any type of content that you find objectionable should still not be removed from the shelf. @MONTH1 may seem offensive to one, but others @MONTH1 find it amusing. For example, when a newspaper talks about a particular When an athlete, @MONTH1 will say something offensive to his fans. People who are not his/her @MONTH1 fans find this funny; so they should delete the post because some people don't like it. @MONTH1 loves that book, music, People in movies or magazines don't inconvenience them by being a minority. Interests @MONTH1 vary, but teen @MONTH1 likes the same type of books as adults. Censorship laws don't allow a teen to read because of his/her age Books they love, it's not fair to me. This is a new era; things are different. Censorship laws should be abolished completely. If you @MONTH1 find a book in any way, shape or form Offensive, please don't read it. No one is forcing to read that book. The library is full of books. There's a book out there that you'll love. In short, if you find some material offensive, don't It should be removed from the shelf. Some others @MONTH1 love the same material. Libraries shouldn't have censorship laws at all. It's not fair and for some people. It's a new Times and times, things are different. People of any age should be able to check any book they like
What we find in the library shouldn't offend anyone. It's a choice you make, not that you won't read or won't. If you don't want to watch it, nobody will watch this stuff. Don't look at it if you find it offensive. The best way is to put it on the shelf. Some people like to watch or read stuff like this. People don't go to the library to pick up a book or movie they know they don't like. If that happens, there won't be any libraries around, and because of whatever you get from a library, I bet you'll find something objectionable. People find this kind of content interesting when they watch or read it. It hurts the people who make offensive books and movies because they feel that's what people don't want to see. It does, as long as it doesn't affect them in any way, people won't see it. The everyday basic stuff we see on TV is an objectionable thing, so if we can just sit there and watch it, then we shouldn't have a problem reading or reading books about it. I see objectionable stuff on TV every day and it doesn't bother me so read a book or something like that and I don't care because I'm used to seeing it on TV. No one can read or stop reading stuff like this, only you. You don't have to watch it if you think it's offensive. No one should have a problem because that's what we hear and see every day. Regardless of what some people find interesting.
What is censorship? Censorship is being edited or simply getting rid of. Censorship can be a good thing or a bad thing. Does censorship really help our society? In fact, think about it, there are still murders, rapes, etc., and there are censorship. How I counter this, is to list my own experiences, observations and readings. First, my experience must be related to movies and/or TV shows. In some movies, you can choose what to watch. Unrated version or censored version. Well, most people want to see the unrated version because it's likely to be more interesting and show more. Others may choose the censored version because they have kids and don't want them watching the content in the unrated version. I'd better go with the unrated version because I like all the interesting parts that don't show up in the censored version. Then there are those TV shows that "beep" a lot of words because of course you can't say them on TV. Parents don't want their six-year-old kid to go around and say all the bad things about them. That's why most of the time you hardly see the kind of shows they air in the afternoon, they usually air @TIME1 or later. Second, my observations of movies and/or TV shows. I can't say I don't watch shows that have language, and I can't say I don't watch shows that are bloody. I do watch them, but I would never watch them around my sister! She is eleven and I don't want my little sister to go to school and say a bad word for the teacher to hear her. Then she'll say @PERSON1 is the one watching the movie. I would also never watch a bloody, gory, very vivid movie in front of her. Some films can be made without so much violence, but they have to make money somehow. right? Last but not least, my reading of book and/or music lyrics. A lot of books have been banned on @LOCATION1 because people are offended by them or just don't want that book on the shelf in case their kids read it. Some songs cannot be played on the radio due to some of the stories behind the music and/or the lyrics in the songs. That's why the artist of the song has to make two different copies of their song so they can be played, so they will become popular. The books I've read do have some words, but they're also at my grade level, and I'm pretty sure most are more mature than them. When I see a word that isn't the best, I keep reading and don't let it bother me. As with songs, an artist may have his/her reasons for using the words they use. Censorship can be good or bad, it really depends on how you look at things. Honestly, I'm not against censorship, and I'm against censorship at other times. My experiences, observations and/or readings have made me think about how good or bad censorship is.
I believe that if you find a book offensive, you shouldn't read that book. What some people find objectionable, others may find it not objectionable. I don't think people shouldn't take books off the shelf. For example, if there was a Jewish person, they might find a book about Hitler's offense. In this sense, if they take books off the shelf, other children who are about to enter this era of learning will have no books to read. Without these books, our world history would soon be forgotten. Another example is slavery. I believe slavery is a difficult topic to deal with. In fact, it's been a tough time for Africans. I don't think they're going to take these books off the shelf because they're objectionable. How can you take away the future of learning from our next generation of children. What are we going to do with the Bible if we're going to remove books from library shelves. Some people don't believe in a god or heaven, but many do. So how will this be resolved in the long run? This creates a lot of problems for public libraries and their citizens. I read books as a kid and found that some things are bad and I don't like them, but I don't think we should take books away from people who like books. How you take away from someone who loves books is beyond me to read novels different from yours, but it will only be a questionable topic for the future. This is an article by @PERSON1
Older writers love to write scary stories about their past, both fiction and non-fiction. Sometimes these books end up in the wrong hands and end up in the trash or burned. Other times, parents are outraged at what their kids are doing, and they usually blame the TV or other kids at school. Parents don't always look at the big picture. Any child can walk right into their school or public library and pick up an inappropriate magazine, book or movie at any time, but parents usually don't catch up until it's too late. There are all kinds of books out there, and no two books are the same. No one can tell that a book is inappropriate just by looking at the cover. Just because books are meant to be read doesn't mean they should be read by people of all ages. No book should be completely removed from the library at any time, it is wrong. No matter how vivid, distorted, or inappropriate a book is, it should never be thrown away. Those specific books are written for people with these interests. Even books about drugs should be allowed, some children or adults may be interested in what they really do to your mind and body, and they'd rather read about it than try it themselves. Books about murder should also be allowed, but not by children under twelve. If the people in the library just started sorting books into organized age groups, there might not be any problem. Authors should not be blamed for what they wrote. It's their personal thoughts and feelings, and most importantly, their stories. That's how they want it to be written and no one should be mad about it. This rule should apply to magazines, music and movies. Those people have written books, movies, magazines, and music, so it should be expressed the way they want. Even if the authors themselves think their work is too bad for children to read or hear, they will make it clear by adding something like "Not suitable for children under 12 or any age they recommend." If adults are really mad about it, then they need to look back at what they did, said or read, maybe it will change their minds about movies, magazines, music and books.
Walk into a library, look for a good book or magazine to read, and you'll come across some disgustingly disgusting books. Some people think they should be taken off the shelves, and I'm one of them. you are? There are books, magazines, movies, etc., where we all come across really bad language, racism, bad religious speech, and even some stuff about sex. No one needs to read that kind of book, it's harmful to our minds and very offensive to some people. A lot of people don't like to hear or read dirty words. Seeing these words in a book can cause that person to have a wrong view of the library and put the wrong word in their head. And those books about racism, which is the worst topic for most people. If someone sees this in a book, it hurts their feelings and they don't want to finish that book. They are other very religious people who get very angry if they find something wrong with their religious beliefs. Libraries have several ways to deal with books that offend people. Librarians might consider putting a warning sign and separating these books, magazines, etc. into their own section so that those who are really offended by the stuff know where they are and know not to look there. Or inside the cover, the librarian could put a warning sheet on it to show people that something inside @MONTH1 offended someone. Very helpful to so many people! In every library, you won't see all the books that are very good. We all know that there are bad things in books, but some books are so inappropriate that those books can be deleted. Too many people get offended reading books they want to read. Let's stop it. In short, many libraries around will have that kind of book that offends some people. This can be stopped by removing them from the shelves or at least warning others about the stuff in books, magazines and all the other entertainment that people enjoy. It would be amazing to know that all people who love to read are not offended by what they are reading!
I'm sure there are movies, music and other things that bother parents. I don't want my kids listening to music that has a lot to teach you, whether it's written or wrong, I would check the type of music my kids listen to to see if they have anything bad. I'm sure some movies are violent for anyone, but this is a free country and we ordinary people will watch it any way we want. There are movies made for adults, but how many adults let their kids watch. No matter what they do, there will be people who don't like what they see, or who they know don't like what they see. Sometimes some people don't like what they hear, or know someone who doesn't like what they hear music or TV. Sometimes my mom sees something on TV or music and says to turn it off. My friends listen to this music and I think it's tantamount to making prisoners and other wrongdoings like gangs, fights, shootings and jury trials. There's something on the market that could be the fault of a certain group liking action movies. Well, there are kids out there learning those things they see and they're trying to do what they see because they think it's going to make them look cool. There will always be things that people don't like and will never like. I've known it since I was a kid, like most young kids. I think the biggest selling points are dramas, action movies, and stuff that parents love. There are very few baby movies and baby music. But what can you do? I like most of what I hear and see. I always thought there was a lot of violence, pictures and things about drugs and young people should not be taught on national television. This is my idea.
Humans are like snowflakes, very similar in unique ways. Just as there are no two identical snowflakes, there are no two identical people. Since everyone has their own differences, there are always some people who are more curious and prefer to think outside the box. However, if these curious people have limitations on what they can read or learn, it will be difficult for them to expand their pursuit of knowledge. So if a person is mature enough and wishes to study or read on a subject in the library, they should be allowed to expand their knowledge on any subject they choose, with the guardian's permission of course. Unfortunately, it is often the minority that destroys the things of the more minority. Libraries often factor in a child's age as a factor in what they can and can't read, but for a child mature enough to read and handle a more adult intellect in a fashionable way, age seems totally unfair. If a person is legal and they have permission from their guardian, then he or she should have no restrictions on any library-provided material. Who's to say a 10 year old is too young to understand @PERSON1 and his terrible plans for @CAPS1? One is never too young or too old to learn new things if there is curiosity and the right level of maturity! Curiosity enables humans to discover new things every day. Again, it is curiosity that has brought humanity to the extraordinary level of technology and invention it is today. Today's youth will one day be the engineers, doctors, scientists and inspiring leaders of tomorrow. If these young people are curious and eager to gain more knowledge on a topic for positive reasons, let them!
In most of @LOCATION1's libraries, some books, movies, music, etc. may not be suitable for younger children. These books and movies may contain any graphic content or offensive language that young children should not hear or see. However, that doesn't mean @LOCATION2's library should get rid of these books, videos, etc. Libraries should keep these books and videos because adults at @LOCATION2 love to use them, kids probably already know the language and graphic content, and some of the offending books and movies are very educational. When you think about your childhood, there are always things you can't see or hear because you were young. Your @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 will watch movies you can't because they will say you're not old enough. They like to watch more mature movies because it is more interesting to them than cartoon shows or movies. Mature content in movies, books, etc. should be kept in the library because mature audiences love to watch and listen to them. If they were taken out of the library, these mature audiences would have nothing to see or read in the library. They don't want to read children's books all the time. Also, most children have seen or heard this objectionable content in these books and movies. Most parents in @LOCATION1 use offensive language in front of their children without even realizing it. Then the kids start using those words because if @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 use them, they think they're cool. Another thing is that most kids have watched movies with graphic content or they have played video games in the game. They see gore and gore and other things in these games and movies. It's too late to try and keep your child from seeing or hearing this "bad talk" or "graphic stuff." Many movies and books that contain offensive language and graphic content are great educational videos. For example, "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5" is a great movie about finding someone in the middle of @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @NUM1. These wars did happen, and movies like this provide a lot of detail about what actually happened during those wars. If you want kids to understand the history of our country, they need to know what actually happened. There is no point in trying to hide the truth. Overall, most kids in @LOCATION1 have heard offensive language or graphics. Whether it's from their parents or their best friend, they've heard it. So why are we trying to hide this from them? Keep these books, movies, music, etc. in the library for the benefit of adults, children, and national history.
Do you think @CAPS1 will prevent people from being offended? Taking away items like books, music, movies, magazines, etc. will not stop people from being offended. @CAPS2 the question is who decides what is offensive and how is it offensive? what makes something offensive
Many in @LOCATION1 are reading. Books, magazines, newspapers and music are great places to spend time. I love reading books about people with special abilities; like necromancers. If we take these offending books out of our library, what are we left with? I, on the one hand, don't like reading @ORGANIZATION1's book, which seems to be the only book that doesn't offend someone unless they have some serious hatred for letters. Think about what you like. Think about your interests in music, art, and the style of books or magazines you read. Now imagine all this away from a place where you can stay away from screaming kids or annoying neighbors: the library. You @MONTH1 are confused as to why all your love is gone. Your favorite book about necromancers, this is offensive to @CAPS1 because only @CAPS2 has the power to awaken the dead. That song that stuck in my head all day is no longer online. Its use of certain words offends those with "sensitive" ears. I would be shocked if I walked into the library and found that all the "offensive" pieces were by the band. Everyone in the universe finds something objectionable. My @CAPS3 @CAPS4 teacher thinks rap and hip hop or pop songs are offensive to women and their bodies, but I think some of those songs have different meanings. What would be left if all the objectionable was taken away? Nothing a teenager or an adult wants to read. Heck, @PERSON1's work is offensive to some people who think he's crazy, who wants their kids to read a book written by a baboon? Also, the less content a library contains, the fewer people go. The library will be closed soon as everything is considered objectionable. If still allowed, all books we wish to read must be purchased online. As with all books @CAPS5, finding a compelling, eye-opening book is like finding buried treasure. It's an event that changes your life, gets your blood pumping, and puts you in your seat. It's an adventure that takes place in your head, where you can set the specifics of each character, or this book provides knowledge that feeds your brain every time a new sentence is stored. Taking away everything that is offensive is like taking a child, you can't replace that kind of love with distraction
Do I believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelf if I find them objectionable @CAPS1 Choose whether. I have a few reasons why this is a free country and a person has the right to say what they feel or think. This should be acceptable since everyone has their own opinion on what they like or read. If you think it offends you, maybe you shouldn't read or watch it, or whatever happened to @MONTH1. You can find other things you will like to read, or your friends and family @MONTH1 like, @CAPS1 The second reason is that you can learn from what @MONTH1 offends you in any way. Like this magazine I read about black men's saggy pants a lot of white people see pants below the waist have a negative opinion of young people. They only judge a book by its cover because they don't know anything about the person, the person they're talking about, a black male who is a high school honors student, is going to a white college. When many white men began to find out, they began to question the young man how and why he was dressed. He told them it was a free country, I could do whatever I liked, and white people liked him to speak for himself. So, for @CAPS1 reasons, I don't think it's right to remove certain materials (like books, music, magazines, etc.) and should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. So I hope you enjoyed reading @CAPS1's article. If you have any arguments or questions, you can definitely contact me
No Censorship Do you like reading interesting books, watching great movies or listening to catchy music that some people disapprove of? Most people will answer "yes" to this question because anything one person reads, watches or listens to @MONTH1 would be offensive or rude to others. Certain material in the library should not be removed from the shelves if found objectionable, as different people find different materials objectionable, and sometimes people come to the library specifically to find things they can't find elsewhere material, and if a person finds the material objectionable, they don't have to keep reading, watching, or listening to it. The number one reason libraries shouldn't be censored is because different people find different material objectionable. Everyone is different and people have all kinds of opinions about books, movies, magazines, music, etc. Also, there are several different races in the world, and many nonfiction books educate people about different cultures around the world. The race of people living in the @MONTH1 culture finds what nonfiction authors write about them offensive because the book is talking about something in the culture they don't want the public to hear. However, the public needs to be educated on different national cultures. Students conduct research projects and dissertations in the library. Also, books related to racism like To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 and the book about slaves @MONTH1 offend the race of victims in the books. In contrast, some at @MONTH1 liked the book because of its theme, symbolism, wording, etc. So, who is to judge whether a material is objectionable? If someone doing this for a certain library finds a lot of the material in the library objectionable, the entire library could be shut down because a lot of material that could have been popular was taken out of the library. Another reason some material should not be taken off shelves if they are found to be objectionable is that sometimes people come to the library specifically to find material they cannot find elsewhere. If people are looking for a certain book, or even a movie that they can't find in a video store, the library is one place they go. In my experience, there have been countless times I wanted to read a book I had heard of and I went straight to the library and found it. Also, since there are no video stores in my town, I go to the library to watch movies because I know they have a lot of options. Some of the books and movies that I or others like @MONTH1 are considered offensive, so I'm not sure I'll be going to the library very often if they're taken off the library shelves. The third reason libraries shouldn't be censored is that people don't have to read what they @MONTH1 deem objectionable. Everyone can choose what material they get from the library unless it's something they have to read in school. If someone hears a book that they find @MONTH1 offended, why should they read it. Also, if a person accidentally checks out a book or movie from the library and they feel offended, they can always stop reading the book or watch the movie. Censorship should not happen in the library because everyone has different opinions. Libraries assume that if someone finds offensive content, they will stop reading. Besides, if the library takes out material that anyone finds objectionable, what else is there to read, watch or listen to?
I don't think any books should be taken out of the library because they are considered "objectionable". What offends me @MONTH1 doesn't offend another. While I have every right to object to a book that I think is inappropriate, others may find that book entirely appropriate. The main problems most people have with books are foul language, gender, and differences of opinion. These three categories are very sensitive issues and some @MONTH1 are reluctant to discuss them. Many books in the library system today contain vulgar language. Surprisingly, most of the profanity can be found in the youth section. I don't believe parents are happy to know what their kids are reading. In our modern world, we are bombarded with sexual and lewd images. Books that contain obscure behavior are no different from television or magazines. Most romance novels are very descriptive, with little room for imagination, and in the wrong hands can lead to some very revealing questions. Divergence of opinion can be a big problem for some libraries if readers don't like the message a book conveys. Religion, politics and morality can lead to some nasty debates, but sometimes we have to agree to disagree. Can teens handle this language and sexuality in a responsible way? Should these books be taken off the shelf just because we disagree with what it says? Should there be a sensor about what can and can't be put into the library? I don't think any book should ever be taken off a library shelf. If you don't agree with this book, please don't read it. Instead of blaming the library for what your kids read, look at your parenting style and make sure they're not reading what they shouldn't be reading
'@CAPS1 - @CAPS2 or no? Kathryn Patterson's quote about offensive books is absolutely correct and I @PERCENT1 agree with her. What she means is that if everyone had the right to take from every shelf a book they deem objectionable, there would be no more books in the world for people to read. Some books are likely to offend a person, but others won't. What would be left of the world if almost all books were taken off the shelves? I don't think offensive material such as books should be removed from the shelf because not everyone will find them offensive and may deprive people of a favorite subject, I have my own experience with a so-called offensive book , and because it won't be the book left in the world. There are books on every subject in the world. Some are on topics we love and can read for days. Others are about topics we hate or just bore us. Although no matter what the subject is, whether it's about media, science fiction, love, or anything else, there are different people in the world who like to read books on different subjects. If a person has the right to take a certain type of book, such as a love book, from libraries and stores because she finds it objectionable in some way and is taken off the shelf, then a person who enjoys reading that book is Will be stripped because someone finds it offensive. Just because one person finds a book objectionable, doesn't mean the rest of the world will too. I had my own experience with a book that was supposed to be offensive. In my @CAPS3 class we are assigned to read "@CAPS4 in @CAPS5". When we read the book, I really thought it was a very interesting story. Although after some research I found out that this book is banned in many schools in @LOCATION1. Teachers at these schools reported that there were some very subjective words and events in the book. I do agree that there is some bad language, but I don't think that's a reason for the school to ban the book. It's a great story that won several awards and my class loves it. My experience with this proves another point that certain books should not be banned. As @PERSON1 said, if everyone had the power to ban certain books from libraries, there would be no books in the world for people to read. There are millions of people in the world. If everyone can ban a book in @LOCATION1, what are we left with? There may be nothing left. If every book disappeared from @LOCATION1, what else would kids in school read? Children will start reading at a slower pace, resulting in lower grades. A little legal change in @CAPS1 could cause a huge negative change in the future. There will always be people in the world who find certain books offensive. This will never change, but people also have the freedom and choice to stay away from books they hate. You don't have to read or look at books you find offensive unless you're a student, you can also try to stop your kids from reading anything because if you want a book that's off the shelf, you're taking someone else's Book. So I say keep every library as it is and keep every book they own for all children and adults.
Would you let someone ban your favorite movie just because it has slightly offensive material? I know I won't. If everyone had the right to ban books, then we wouldn't have books because something would offend someone. You shouldn't ban books because it desecrates our individuality and we have a free press because it destroys the future. If you ban a book, then you are giving up your personality. If you let others decide what is offensive to you, then how you express yourself. So by letting others decide what is right for you to read, you give up your freedom. By banning books, you are not being yourself, you are conforming to what others want. So, you shouldn't ban books because it destroys your personality, it makes you conform to what other people want. No books should be banned. You shouldn't ban books because we have a free press. Freedom of the press means we can write whatever we want. However, you should not ban books because we have the freedom to choose what to read. This means that we as individuals should be able to decide what we want to read and what we don't want to read. You shouldn't ban books because we have the freedom to publish because we as individuals have the freedom to read what we want. If you ban books, you will ruin the future. There are hundreds of very good books out there that will be banned and people in the future won't be able to enjoy them. There are books that can change your life and teach you how to deal with things, and if we ban them then we destroy our chances of helping people in the future solve their problems. People turn to books for knowledge, help and ideas, and if we take away their books, how can we say we're paving the way for the future if we destroy it along the way. Books shouldn't be banned, because if we did, we would ruin other people's futures and our own. In conclusion, books should not be banned because it limits our individuality, we have freedom of the press, and because it destroys our future. If you ban books, chances are your favorite books will be banned. Plus, if everyone could ban books, there would be nothing to read because all books would be banned. By banning books, you are destroying the future, limiting our freedom, and abolishing our individuality.
Do you think books, music, magazines, movies should be removed from library shelves? The library should hold all kinds of books, movies, magazines, music, etc. The reason the library should have everything is because say a farmer wants to come in and get a book instead of a cow, and some city folks say it's useless, throw it away, the farmer is out of luck, or the opposition will happen. Another reason is that people taste that some people like romance, some people like action etc, so if they don't carry a type, someone will get mad at it and stop going. Said if @PERSON2 didn't like violence so they took it off the shelf, @PERSON1 didn't like chick movies etc, this would leave something in the library and no one would read anything and they would close the book Museum, because there is only a few books. Movies and magazines I'd say carry anything right, if it's rated @CAPS1, you have to be @NUM1 to rent it, then the person is an adult. There are different cultures out there and they just like certon stuff so what do they do to make separate libraries so each culture will be happy or just build a big library and those that don't just put books or Put anything there. Altmentley is up to the parents to dictate the technology there, and if there isn't a certain family or culture that doesn't like it, you can pick up the bad stuff. If they get rid of something that one person doesn't like, it loses customers and makes other people angry, so in my opinion it's better to make one person angry because the library carries a certain type of item, then lose customers and make @NUM2 One or even two makes one happy, as simple as not picking it up. So the bottom line is we can't make everyone happy so look at what you don't like and teach your kids not to take them home and move on with life and don't cause problems
I don't think any book should ever be removed from library shelves. I think everyone should switch to reading whatever they want. Just because one or a few people don't like it doesn't mean it's deleted. They don't have to read that book. If I like a book, I just don't like it. Everyone has their own choices about what kind of stories they like. Just like I love weird novels. Everyone I hang out with doesn't like grotesque fiction. In I don't like what they like. Like I don't like a lot of love stories, not all of them, just some of them I don't like. I can say that I love abnormal stories. I like fiction stories and then non-fiction. My favorite novel is @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Most people want to delete stories with bad language or vocabulary from their bookshelves. I know a lot of people who love these kinds of stories. I don't think it's fair to do so. Why take what they like instead of what you like. Just like I love all kinds of porn books. Some people also don't want these books on their shelves. Just by deleting someone's type of book might make people not want to read it anymore. I know if I can't read what I want to read, it will stop me from reading. Now think about whether you'd risk taking someone's favorite book. in the results they no longer read. If you are doing it wrong. How would you feel if this happened to you. So you're always posing to see it from someone else's point of view. You should look at all positive ways first. Just like how happy the person who reads the book is. It doesn't affect the reading, it affects the person who wrote the book. You will do a lot of damage to a lot of people. You will put someone out of a job. You could screw up someone's home life. You can take away some people's lives. You can turn what they think is a good thing into a bad thing. You can drive a person crazy. You can make what that person stands for meaningless. Books may be a way for people to escape the real world. Reading books can give people more topics to talk about. Books can be a way to learn how to do things in a better way. I suggest that people should leave the books they are in. Books are a way for people to express how they feel, their way of life and what gets thrown away etc...Living in books is hard, it's easier for some people
Books, @CAPS1, magazines, whatever standards should not be removed from the shelf just because they are objectionable. @LOCATION1 is a free country, which means if you find something objectionable like a book or magazine, you don't have to read it. It really drives me crazy when people get frustrated with a book or a movie they see, just because you don't have to go to that movie, or read that book. Different people find different things offensive, which can be because of race, gender, ethnicity, etc. So we shouldn't start removing material from shelves just because a few people find it objectionable. Some people think it's distasteful for professional athletes to be paid @MONEY1 for playing games when there are homeless people on the street. Regardless, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is the most watched event in the world. Just because some people think sports are offensive doesn't mean they should be shut down permanently. Another example is racial jokes, some people find them funny when others find them very offensive. That still won't stop people from telling racial jokes. As Kathryn Patterson said, a library shelf shouldn't be removed from a shelf just because some people find it objectionable. People don't find the same thing objectionable, so taking material off the shelves is not the right way to deal with it. If you find something objectionable, don't pursue it. Almost every book in the world contains something that someone, somewhere finds objectionable. If we took all these books off the shelves, there would be nothing left to read. This is a free country, which means you have the right to choose whether to read or pursue something. So instead of choosing to clear books from the library, don't read them, because maybe someone won't find something as objectionable as you, and they might enjoy reading that book.
@CAPS4 I think all books, music, movies, magazines, etc. If they are found to be objectionable, they should be removed from the shelf. I say this because what if their little ones are also willing to read adult books and various types of nudes and words that are not in the children's vocabulary. Then they'll figure out bad habits and use them knowing what those words actually mean. Then, I think the music should be edited because some music has curses and talks about things that one or more brainy kids shouldn't hear. Music should just be something kids think is too listening to their age group. Next, I think the movie should be censored because now we're giving kids everything they want, too. Things that don't control their language, eg (@CAPS1 @CAPS2). I believe @CAPS3 sahow needs to be blocked too because they did do and say exclusive things in that show and a lot of kids watch and repeat everything they heard and saw in that show. Lastly, magazines...I say @CAPS4 are magazines too, because they sneakily show too many girls and guys on the covers and pages of those magazines, and they put things in magazines that look real, but are actually it's not true. I think etc.. should only be used when needed, too much research and homework because kids use the internet to watch too exclusive stuff and listen too bad. Conclusion, all in all, I think it should also be a limitation, we also listen and see. Because kids pick up everything they hear and see
Honestly, I don't think they should remove anything objectionable from the library, since most books published by authors have something objectionable in @CAPS1. I'm not the library's fault, if there are kids reading these offensive books, it's the parents' fault for making them read. I've been to the library, listened to music, watched movies, and even read magazines that have some objectionable content in @CAPS1, but if they were to remove all objectionable content from the library, the library would have Half is empty. I've seen parents talk to librarians about banning inappropriate content in the library, but if they can ignore @CAPS1 and stay away from @CAPS1, why does @CAPS1 matter. @CAPS1 is honestly not a big deal when @CAPS1 has these kinds of issues. I had a discussion with my mom and she totally agreed with me. My mom said 'if they could ignore @CAPS1', @CAPS1 wouldn't be the problem it is today. Also, should the music they have be kept as offensive as people like to express themselves with the music they listen to. Movies made these days have inappropriate content in @CAPS1, whether it's a @CAPS2 rated movie or not. Amid all the debate about the library containing objectionable content, @CAPS1 should remain in the library rather than be removed. I'm sure a lot of teens and adults love everything the library holds. If kids end up listening to objectionable music, or watching objectionable movies, think @CAPS1, they will grow up one day. If this is not the case, then parents should keep them away from this content
Certain materials, such as books, movies and magazines, should not be removed from the library. Katherine Paterson's famous quote simply states that if everyone has the right to take a book off the shelf, none of us will leave any book on the shelf. The world will be empty because there will always be people who find it objectionable. For every person who found the material objectionable, there were ten who didn't find it objectionable at all. A person's beliefs can affect their views on things like religion. There are so many wrong things in the world that you can never get them right. In a place like a library, you never know who's going to come in and look at something. That's why it is recommended to make sections in libraries. Adult fiction, children's books, science fiction are all in different areas of the library. This will allow parents to be cautious about where their children go. If a child goes the wrong way, there is only one person to blame; the parents. Children are always wandering in random places out of curiosity. Parents have to make sure nothing scary happens, like seeing something a toddler or teen shouldn't see. One object, such as a book, a movie, or a magazine, can teach a lesson to millions. If these courses have not been taken, they will be taken at a later date. in a harder way. The person may have to go through a lesson to learn it. This is why some materials should not be taken away. Everyone believes in different things. There are always people who have a different view on things. There are a lot of nasty things in the world, but that doesn't mean they have to go away. There is always a choice of what to do and what not to do. Someone has to find a solution to the problem, and in a good way that people can be at peace with themselves and others. Removing material from the library can lead to many things; for, against, outrage and happiness. Most importantly, it causes fights that turn into wars. The materials in our library are there to teach people about life, and people find that to be wrong, that means they don't experience life
Censorship is not an easy question to answer. It involves a lot of thought. When thinking about a topic like this, you have to look at the bigger picture. You should consider other people's thoughts and opinions after the math. When it comes to library censorship, I feel that all books should be kept to themselves. So why do we take books out of the hands of those who want to read them and keep others from reading them? If you don't want your kids to read adult books, you can review them by watching them instead of taking them to places that have such books. So that other people can read the books. If you think about it, then you realize that if you try to hide something from your teen, they can and will find a way to get it. If you try to hide from them it will only make them want something more. Books are good for people. It tells them stories of impossible things, past events they didn't experience, or even what other people thought. Keeping books away from people is bad for them; they won't be able to learn from what they read. So, maybe some books are more vivid than others, that doesn't mean you should hide it from your kids. If you start censoring library books, it can cause some problems. Now you won't have the right book for some people. You take most of the books from the library because some people think it's bad for the kids. This will cause debates about what a library should and shouldn't be, and people will stop going to the library together. So when you think about banning books, keep in mind that there are other places to get books. Books are good for people especially teenagers whose minds are developing. In some places, books that are banned from other places are celebrated. When trying to get rid of books, think about who you're taking them with
You go to the library to read books, music, and magazines, but soon you discover that there are very objectionable books out there. I strongly say yes, I agree that books, magazines and music should be removed from our shelves if they offend others. We should feel safe reading books, listening to music and reading magazines. I used to go to the library often when I was a kid. I would pick up books and read, and for a while I was excited to go to the library, but after a couple of bad experiences, all the excitement wore off. I can't recall the title, but I know I'm pretty frustrated with the way this book looks. It has words I've never heard before and I'm confused. This can happen to many kids who come across a bad book, but in reality the library should only have good books and not bad ones. After my bad experience, I ignored it like it was going to go away. Bad books, offensive books, should be taken off the shelves forever and never returned. I feel very strongly about this subject because I am a warm book, I love to read, and being able to go to the library and find a good book that is not annoying is what I ask for in a library. Offensive books, music and magazines shouldn't be loud in the library at all. When kids read or listen to music, they want to be able to disappear into it, but how are they going to do it if there is something objectionable in there. There are some things that should be excluded from the library, and that is offensive books, music and magazines. At the end of my article, my answer is still full of confidence, and I still say yes, they should remove offensive books, music, and magazines. What would you say if your sister, your daughter, or your niece went to the library and found an objectionable book? I ask you this, how do you feel?
When I was in fifth grade, there was chaos in my community. Everyone  teachers, students, parents, school board members, community leaders  has something to say about the topic at hand. This topic is censorship. The parents of a high school student were furious that their daughter read @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 in class. To these parents, the rape scenes in the book were too disturbing for their precious daughters. While this seemed like a fair position, the parents then took it a step further. They are trying to ban the book in our township schools, hoping to save all other kids from the @CAPS1 experience, which is clearly traumatic material. This crusade of theirs raises the question '@CAPS1 can and should be censored? When? '. As the debate continued, I started thinking about the topic myself. Who has the authority to tell me @CAPS1 I can read? Still listening? Still watching? The answer I got was "no one". No one has the right to censor anyone else. There is one exception to this: parents and children. Parents are responsible for supervising their children. They must use their best judgment to decide whether @CAPS1 their child is old enough and mature enough to listen, see or read. Same goes for @ORGANIZATION1's review. No one rebelled against the family because they didn't want their children to read the novel; the problem only occurred when they tried to prevent others from reading the book. That's why libraries shouldn't take materials off their shelves, because in some people's eyes they're objectionable materials. Your favorite music @MONTH1 offends me. Assigning @MONTH1 books to your @CAPS2 teacher is not for five year olds. Your friend @MONTH1 was offended by your favorite movie or @CAPS3 show. These feelings are subjective; few are generally offensive or generally appropriate. As a society, we must be able to accept this. We learn by seeing @CAPS1, hearing @CAPS1 and reading @CAPS1. These lessons taught us @CAPS1 what to do and what we @CAPS1 not to do. Because of this, it would be unfair to remove material from libraries based solely on opinion. Doing so is stealing their learning from community members. Parents have the right to censor @CAPS1 their child's seeing, listening and reading, but even this censorship must be done carefully so as not to hinder the child's ability to learn. We cannot hinder our children's ability to learn from the mistakes of book and movie characters, singers, comedians and artists. If we do take away this ability, we are allowing these future adults to make mistakes that could have been avoided by giving them the opportunity to learn. Removing material from library shelves based solely on opinion is not only damaging to our society but ultimately dangerous to those we wish to protect
Libraries are sources of information. They provide us with valuable research, entertainment, and hard truth. Therefore, I don't think libraries should censor books that are offered to citizens for loan. Everyone faces choices in life. Some people are more difficult than others and will have a bigger impact on your life. We decide whether we want to wear a black shirt or grey shirt, blue shorts or brown shorts. Every day we have choices. We also have options in the library. If we see a book with a title that sounds like @CAPS2 might be offensive, then we should just walk right through @CAPS2. Most libraries are organized, with clear instructions for book sections. Common sense will tell us that this section may contain objectionable material. We can choose whether to read a book that might offend us. If @CAPS2 does offend us, then @CAPS2 is our own fault. The second reason libraries shouldn't scrutinize the books they offer is consistent with the choices we make in our lives. No one is forcing us to read this book or that book. @CAPS2 is an option. No one pointed a gun to our heads and said, "@CAPS1 this book or you'll die." @CAPS2 That doesn't happen. No one is forcing us @CAPS1 what we don't want to do. @CAPS2 It's entirely up to you and what you think of the book. Different subjects offend different people. However, I'm not offended by the swear words here or there; I'm offended by the frequent occurrences of sex-related instances in movies or books. I myself choose not to see or @CAPS1 those materials. Since everyone is different, sex-related instances may not offend another group of people who may think @CAPS2 or @CAPS1 are great to watch. Different subjects offended different people and took away a book or a movie because @CAPS2 offending one shouldn't happen. If libraries start censoring the materials they list, I'm sure many people will be upset. Who decides what is offensive and what is not? @CAPS2 will upset too many clients, and library usage may decrease. When you're tasked with reviewing what's on the shelf, many questions arise. Do you think different religions are offensive because they blaspheme the gods of another religion? Do you find a novel offensive because @CAPS2 includes a curse word throughout the book? There is no way to properly review all books without annoying customers. I'm not saying that libraries should be allowed to display every magazine known to man. Some are clearly worse than others; however, when @CAPS2 involves books and movies, people know what they're looking at, and know what they're going to find offensive. There are too many people in this world trying to censor what the repository shows. Libraries should not censor the materials they display
Certain material, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should never be removed simply because a person or group of people finds it objectionable. As stated in @CAPS1 from @LOCATION1, authors of these books have the right to freely express their wishes in the context of their own personal writing. Also, some of the material that some people find objectionable is hardly offensive to the many others @MONTH1 who enjoyed the book or movie. Finally, the many books on the shelves of many of our libraries with no end @MONTH1 are considered objectionable, but allow a certain amount of knowledge, not only by the author, but also by the reader. If something is stated in an important document like @CAPS1 by @LOCATION1 that sets the standard of living and sets the laws of a country to parchment, then for no better term, it should be Its with the utmost respect and dignity. Several great leaders, like @LOCATION2, the first president of @ORGANIZATION1, see a free press as a viable asset for an emerging and growing nation. This simple fact alone should be thoughtless enough to make all material, no matter how objectionable, not only publishable, but pleasing to all. It's this simple freedom that allows books to be published, even written, no matter how objectionable they are @MONTH1. Some material that one person or group finds offensive to @MONTH1 will not offend everyone. No matter what religious, racial, or moral values you hold, just because it offends you, doesn't mean it offends everyone. Many people in this world serve in their country's military, they have fought more battles than any history book, this is just an example, not everyone in this world has the same morals or ideas as everyone else, And tensions always arise because of them. Having said that, this also applies to how some people think about literature and art. @ORGANIZATION3 will hate @ORGANIZATION2's art, @ORGANIZATION2 will hate @ORGANIZATION3's art, but neither has the right to condone it nor keep it out of the world's sight. Too often, literary works are removed before anyone can show their true meaning. This is frustrating for a few reasons, one being that anything we as humans can learn from this article is now forever lost. Many books can teach older generations how to leave a legacy for future generations. Others @MONTH1 teach future generations how to change the world simply by working hard and doing your best. These are best described in books, which are sometimes removed from shelves for grueling lessons or the use of graphic text. Is library censorship good? not at all. All literature should be allowed to be read and enjoyed, not only by the authors, but young, old, and all ages in between, of all races and religions. The longer we allow material to be removed from library shelves, the less opportunity we give, not only to ourselves, but future generations to learn and become all that they may be.
There are many different styles of literature and media in this world. With this variety, it has to please at least one person. If not, why make it? Things got too much. Some media and literature have passed this point and should not be allowed to hit the shelves. The media has a huge influence in today's society. What would you do without it? Every day, everyone is using relevant media, whether it's turning on the TV in the morning, watching "@CAPS1 @CAPS2", or opening a magazine to see what celebrity is in jail this time. You can't get rid of it. Teen @CAPS1 is really addicted to a large extent. We have video games, online chat (facebook and myspace) and movies. Much of what we learn from it is bad for our minds and our health. Some video games are fun, but when you're addicted to it, and you keep playing, killing people, and laughing about it, you know there's a problem. Our minds are exposed to so much immorality and violence that we think it's okay to do so. A lot of people think that movie stars do it, why can't we? @CAPS1 society is killing our minds and many young people who think their lives are miserable just go out and kill themselves. Music can also become too broad. Yes, you have oldies and country and jazz, but when you add rap and heavy metal, there is no understanding. Rap is all about who I'm going to sleep with next and how many times I can have sex. Really, is this what our lives should focus on? I don't know people like @CAPS3's idea. Heavy metal music, you don't understand, but when you study these words, you will find that life is useless, why should we live? People say the music helps them quell their anger. It feels real after listening to it. You @MONTH1 are quiet right now, but after hearing these words and lashing out, what happens when you're really, really pissed off? The media and literature of @CAPS1 has affected so many lives. Friends' lives have been lost and friendships have been destroyed. There will always be people who say a certain amount is too much, but I think we need to set a goal of how much is too much and try to save ourselves. We're not like video games with seconds to live
Books, music, movies and magazines are all offensive in different ways. They all offend people if they have inappropriate language or behavior or stories. Should this material be taken down just because some people think it's offensive to put it there and don't want their children to have it? When I go to the library, I see different sections, fiction, non-fiction, etc. I don't see the section marked "aggressive". Libraries don't do that. If parents or anyone does not want their child or any other child to read objectionable books, they should go with them and make sure they don't pick up objectionable books or make them wait in the children's area. Libraries usually do not carry objectionable music. They have @CAPS1 books for listening. This can be offensive language. Before renting or buying @CAPS1, you should ask the people who work in the library if they find it objectionable. If they don't know, don't get @CAPS1. Anyway, most of the time you know what you are looking for before going to the library. If the movies are illegal, they will be tagged @CAPS4. @NUM1 movies are better. If a parent or anyone doesn't want their kids to watch a movie rated @CAPS4 before renting or buying it, they should check the back it always tells you. When I was younger, my mom would always check the backs of movies because she didn't want me to watch movies rated @CAPS4. She herself thought most of them were too offensive to me. Most Time magazines have no offensive language, but sometimes inappropriate images of men and women appear. They also have a bunch of gossip stories you probably don't want your kids to read. However, if you're letting your kids read this, you should read it before they read it to make sure you don't have anything you don't want them to read. If books, music, movies, magazines, etc. offend someone, I see no reason to take them off the shelf. If a parent or anyone else doesn't want their child or anyone else's child to read something they find objectionable, they should make sure they read something before letting them read it. Also walk around the library with the kids to make sure they don't pick up anything they don't like, or let their kids pick from the kids' area. Some people like to read books, some people may consider them offensive magazines. Everyone should not be punished for not wanting their children to find objectionable things in the library
Offensive books, movies, magazines or music should not be displayed aloud to the public in any way. If these objectionable things weren't displayed out loud, I personally think it would help if the country was full of racists and documents. Every time you pick up a magazine or watch a TV show about a famous actress or musician, you see the embarrassing side of their lives around the world. This is simply not right! People should be respected and allowed some privacy in their lives. If it weren't for actresses and musicians, we wouldn't have any TV shows to watch. It's useless without a radio. For no reason, they will have no one to sing for us. Why are we embarrassing these guys? They go out of their way to produce new things for us. Books in the library shouldn't be sexually assaulted at all. There is no reason for such a book to exist in a school library. Why would you want your kids to read something like this in school books? Especially vulgar in school material. A library book should have good examples, not vulgar statements. It's a disgrace to the school. Movies are a big deal. Any child or young person can enter the movie section and get any type of movie, even if it is rated restricted. Do you want your kids to bring home a movie that includes nudity? I remember one time my little sister brought home a movie from the local library. This movie is a total disgrace to this library with its nudity, vulgar language and a lot of violence. I can't believe what I just saw. Will there be something like this in my library? The kids go there to choose movies. My mom went in and complained about restricted movies in children's movies. She said the movie should be separate from other movies. You must be of a certain age to rent this movie. Or at least with parental permission. Every local library or school library should take action for their community. Keep children and young people away from violence. Allowing this into school libraries and local libraries is just saying that it is okay to allow this kind of violence. We should stop it and promote good attitudes. So please take the violence off the shelves
Should certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, be removed from the shelves if found? There are things in the book that are offensive movies that other young people shouldn't watch or read. Reading a book also says a lot about certain objectionable topics. But at the same time you can learn something from these things, like finding it in a book or seeing it on TV. So I don't think certain offensive things should be taken off the shelves because people should learn from them. Some people have a hard time understanding what's right and wrong in life because they don't get the full impact of life and what it means. The problem I think is that people @MONTH1 don't think certain things are offensive because they probably don't know what it means. Movies, on the other hand, have a different side. Movies can affect a person, especially a very young person. These kids can watch what's on TV and replicate exactly what they're doing. They also @MONTH1 is a role model that isn't always a good one for some people. Another thing is that music plays an important role in a person's life because there is sad music, there is love music, and there is violence music. Music can define a person. For example, if you are listening to a sad song, you @MONTH1 will feel sad or depressed. Or a person is upset or angry listening to intense and violent music @MONTH1. Certain music people listen to can define who they are. Especially as I said, it determines your mood. I think when people listen to music he or she likes, it defines who they are, it shows how you feel. Second, a magazine is an advertisement. It shows everything, it tells you the story. Like in a movie, if you see it, you do it. But magazines are different, they act like someone else's style and life story. When you see what you @MONTH1 wants to do, it's like the magazine says. Usually when you look at magazines you usually see pictures, so it's not as big of an effect as other things like music and movies. They are more likely to describe things. Books, on the other hand, are similar. You can read about what's in the book. So if a person @MONTH1 reads something about violence, he or she @MONTH1 thinks it's the right thing to do. Even if that particular book tells you exactly what the topic is. So no, I don't think some books are considered objectionable because only that person or individual can understand what is objectionable. So keeping these types of books @MONTH1 helps other readers.
What are the main ideas of @LOCATION1 in art, language and music? The idea of @LOCATION1 in these categories is freedom. Freedom is about writing what we want, drawing what we want, saying what we want, and in short, expressing ourselves freely as a person. This is one of the amendments in the "@CAPS1 of @CAPS2" known as freedom of speech. Having said that, I believe we should not ban, censor or remove any book, music or movie from the @CAPS3 public. Buying what they want is their right as @CAPS3. It takes away @CAPS2 from people, and when they do, it makes citizens feel like toddlers. They cannot choose for themselves what to see and what not to see. Everything in this world can offend someone. Just because one person finds something bad or objectionable doesn't mean they have to get others to stop seeing it. This is what gives the world diversity. Some people think it's weird, some people think it's normal. Why is it okay to take something that makes that person feel normal when that happens? Just to make each other feel better? I walked into the store once before I wanted to buy a video game. I found one that I thought looked cool, took it off the shelf and took it to the cashier. He glanced at the game, saw its rating, and said I had to have an adult with me to buy the game. I went on to say how my dad wouldn't care if I bought this game. The cashier said it was okay, I still have to keep him here. Then I had to hunt around the store for my dad so he could go back to the checkout and buy me games. How is it different? In the end I still got the game. My experience at the store that day taught me what it's like to have something I want shot down. It made me feel like a baby who needed permission to do something. It also helps me understand how writers, artists, and film directors feel when their work is censored, rejected, or banned because someone somewhere found it offensive. We need to let people express their feelings. If we didn't, a lot of things today would be different. @PERSON1's idea is that the world is not flat and he can sail around the world without falling off. Everyone thought he was crazy and was angry at his idea. But he did it and proved himself right. Galilaue @CAPS5 credits the theory that the sun doesn't revolve around @LOCATION2. He started doing experiments and trying to prove his theory. The people where he worked angered him and exiled and imprisoned him through him. Then someone thought it was a good idea, he experimented, and people supported him. Now we take the theory as fact that the sun doesn't revolve around @LOCATION2. This is why freedom of speech is so important to the world. It makes people think differently. It helps people think about new ideas. Freedom is the key to any lifestyle.
You can find a lot of stuff in the library that doesn't work for some people but not everyone. If there's something I'm ofined by then I'll ask them to pull it off the shelf. If you have some projects to do, go to the library and meet some friends and work there. If you need help finding a book for your project, ask the person at the desk where to find it. The library is here to help those who don't have a computer at home, they can go to the library and work there. More people will want to read more if they have a lot of books on discs or dvds, movies, tape players. If all libraries had the same books, they would have more people going in and out of the books they wanted to read. If there are children who want to read children's books, then they should have a section for them. All libraries should get rid of inappropriate books that some people take off their shelves immediately so they don't have anyone complaining about the material on their shelves. In @LOCATION1 there is a possibility regarding the @NUM1 to @NUM2 libraries. In fact, all libraries I know have something that doesn't fit on the shelf. All libraries have tons of books, so there's a good chance some people will find out they don't like it and ask for it to be removed. If they get a lot of people saying they are offended by it, then they have to take it down. There are also a lot of magasins there, some should be shown to little kids. If they talk about drugs and some other things, they might get offended by it. All magasins should have some rating on them. You must be at least @NUM3 years old to get pg-@NUM3 mag. Some magasins should be suitable for kids and adults who go there all the time. They should separate them into sections for small children and adults. They needed to respect everyone in the library at the time. I think some here are hometown, but not @PERCENT1. We all have the right to ask them to take it off the shelf and if they don't try then they're in trouble
Dear Newspaper Editor, @CAPS1 I am writing to inform you about the censorship of the @LOCATION1 library. This may not seem like a big problem for some people, but it is a very big problem for others. Censorship has removed books, music, magazines, movies and other items from shelves in local stores and libraries because they offended sellers or workers. In some cases, it's not something that some store owners or library owners like, it's what they like. It is about people who generally have some interest in the subject. Some even removed @CAPS2 from their local library system. Does it matter what the owner wants to sell? In most cases, no. Belief in a religion, or even a book, magazine, or movie, with just the slightest comment; sex, drugs, or alcohol are removed for that. If we remove everything in it, the only thing left for @CAPS3 is children's books. Some @CAPS3 have also gone out of their way to get this censored. We @CAPS3 became illiterate, without books, magazines and other such things. One person even got fired for reading magazines during work breaks! What would happen if we all listened to the other person trying to take the book off the shelf? And then after another, we @CAPS3 have no books in our library or store. This kind of scrutiny is a big deal, and few people really care about it. Most people think that most projects should be censored, some people think we don't need to censor anything because we are a free country. So newspaper editors, please ask yourself, ask yourself, '@CAPS3 I like having all my favorite magazines, books and movies disappear forever and never be seen again? Then everyone will know the answer.
Some of the books on the library shelves have bad stuff in them, whether it's the content of the book, the swear words in it, or it's inappropriate for certain age groups. Should library books be censored, or should readers be left to decide whether to read them? I don't think any book or magazine should be incense. If someone wants to read a book with curse words or something like that, let them read it. Parents @MONTH1 don't let some kids read them, but some parents don't care. I think if they read them, they might say them, but they learn not to say them, and they're hard to say. Should the movies you get in the library be incense? I don't think they should because parents won't let them get it or watch a movie if they don't think it's something they need to watch. Children know what they can and can't see, so if it's something they know they can't, then they shouldn't. Kids may get it, but parents can take it away and tell them they can't watch. Should all the books, magazines, music or movies in the library be incense? No. In the case of a school library, everything has to be dedicated to the school. If books, movies, magazines or music are inappropriate, schools cannot exclude them. Public libraries are OK, but mostly adults are there. Children deserve to know what they can and cannot read, read, or hear, so they deserve to know better than to get what they can't read, see, hear, or see. Some parents @MONTH1 agree to smear them, but if you do, you limit the books everyone can read. Even parents or adults can't read them
What are your thoughts on books? Do you think their fit is important? Well, I'm going to tell you what I think about books that should and shouldn't be in libraries. I think there are many different people in the book. Someone can't say they think a book shouldn't be in the library period. I think if it could be someone's unread book in elementary school, then it should be in a high school or public library. I can see some parents @MONTH1 not wanting their kids to read it, but I think they'll hear and see worse than a book. I can also see where parents come from when they say they don't want their kids to read that kind of book. I believe that parents shouldn't be so nervous about what their children read if a child wants to read it and not they will read it. I know they want to protect their kids from seeing that stuff, but it happens one day, so they might as well get used to it. Also, elementary schools shouldn't even have a book deemed unsuitable for students in the library there, or should have parents sign something saying they're okay with it. So if parents have questions about it, that's what I'm saying, not that they should discuss it with the school. They should go in and talk to the librarian and tell them they don't want their kids looking at books like this. All parents have to do is go to school or where their kids get the book and tell them it will solve all problems
To censor, or not to censor? That's the problem. I'm pretty sure there are many different opinions on this topic. Everyone will have a good opinion on whether the library uses or does not use censorship. While this is true, I believe there are more valid reasons not to use censorship in libraries. First, how objectionable is the library material? I don't think it's very offensive. There will be films and materials specifically designed for mature seniors. This can; if the person choosing the material is an adult, there should be no reason for him or her not to choose the advanced material. A mature person does not want to read elementary books for the rest of his life. Sooner or later, they will have to be introduced into real life. If they are sheltered their whole life, it is not good for them or society. Also, if the person is a child, there should be no reason for the child to choose older material. @MONTH1 Sometimes he does; however, that's not a problem since all the parent has to do is explain to him that he's not yet an adult. This is an easy fix. As I said before, there is no reason we all need to read the same thing. Diversity is what attracts customers to libraries. Who would want to go to the library with all the same books? I myself will not. Inside the library, there are sections dedicated to children. If all the slightly offensive material was taken out of the library, that would wipe out a large portion of customers. Furthermore, this can even prevent writers from creating their material; thus hindering their income and motivation. We have freedom and choice in @LOCATION1, and I think it would be against @CAPS1's values if they were to cause censorship in a harmless library. No one is perfect and we all make mistakes. However, we can also improve and learn from them. If a person does choose the wrong book, they are likely to learn and improve from their mistakes. When we enter the library, we can choose what to choose. I believe that most, if not all, we make the right choice. Libraries are supercentres for learning and information. It would be incorrect if some parts of the information started getting deleted. I have spent many worthwhile hours in the library and have never been hurt or offended. Libraries are here to help, not hinder our learning. I'm probably not the only one who's happy with the way the library is now and doesn't feel the need to change what's good
My take on library censorship is that libraries are a great place to get information on books such as biography, fiction, non-fiction, science fiction, and other genres. I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, and other stuff shouldn't go off the shelves because people love music and they want information about the artist who wrote the song and information about the artist. People also want to learn the lyrics of the song. The reason books shouldn't be taken off the shelf is because people love to read books, they want to know what the book is about, and they want to know a little bit about the book. Books are so important to people that they need entertainment beyond television. People also use books to learn because books are read and then tested. Books deemed offensive should be removed because people would be very upset if they found out that the book was talking bad about them. Unless some people are immature at all and can't even read their books without speaking. Movies shouldn't be taken off the shelves because people love watching movies and it's fun for them. If a movie is very offensive to people, yes it's better to delete the movie because they don't want to watch it anymore. But other movies are not even bad. Yes, some movies have foul language, but people still love it. But sometimes in movies, people hear something from the movie and spread it to @LOCATION1. Then everyone started talking foul language. People just need to learn how not to use foul language when they don't need to. Magazines should not be deleted because people love to read magazines, especially those related to sports. I know I love reading sports magazines because I'm a real sports fan and sports are important to me besides school. There are some very inappropriate magazines that kids shouldn't read and that should be taken off the shelf. Magazines are also used for manga, housework and different things like women's makeup, perfume, etc. People think magazines are very important to society
Censorship in libraries is almost a primitive, if not naive, way of excluding things that one might consider offensive, isn't it? think about it. One kid won't let another kid play with him during recess today just because he stuck his tongue out at him during math the day before, which seems childish and anyone who sits and thinks will think Several more reasonable solutions are about a second longer than the case. This situation runs in parallel with the library's censorship regime. Books are books to be read. Of course, this is an obvious statement. But why read? getting information. Learn something you don't know, or build on the knowledge you already have. How to cook an exquisite meal? Go read a book to find out. How do you draw linear equations? There are books that will explain it for you. Is it fair to an ardent astronomer? Don't need to know how long a turkey needs to be in the oven and take away a book that teaches that stuff? Now, of course, cooking turkey probably won't offend anyone reading through your local library, but, think about it. The book is already written, so it's not a sure sign that it doesn't offend at least one person, and that's the author? Some things people won't agree with. And just when you think you've found something everyone likes, someone comes to disturb the peace. Not everyone likes rap music, but it still plays on the radio. Listening is a free choice. Reading a book is a free choice, no matter what it says. Just because people are unfortunate enough to be influenced by material they deem objectionable, accidental or otherwise, and then project their disparaging comments onto those in charge, doesn't mean that objectionable material should be discarded. Maybe, the radio and the library can check further. Radios have specific channels and play specific music. For those who want to listen to country music, there is a country music channel. As for the library, of course @ORGANIZATION1, but as far as taxonomy goes. It is assumed that books can be further differentiated by their location within the library. A specific area designated for a specific type. That way, if you happen to find books about @CAPS1 concentration camps objectionable, you can avoid the @CAPS2 and @CAPS1 bugs in the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 sections of the library. Question @CAPS8. I find it hard to see it as objectionable if I can't even see it literally. You see, outright deletion isn't the best way to please an unhappy person. Compromise is. Now, after thinking about this situation for over a second, I'm sure you've come up with a more reasonable solution than censoring something as ridiculous as this. The best part now is seeing people love books and not being offended by books they don't like anymore
Having a library is a good thing because it teaches kids how to read and gets examples from books or magazines they are reading or just looking at. How they help children and family members who barely know how to read and write. Some libraries have bookshelves, and some bookshelves are not crazy, but stupid. The library has books and magazines for children, adults and even grandparents. How do they know if you have to put books on shelves and carts. They have to have a lot of respect and a lot of manual labor to get what they need in the library. Librarians can have more than just books, they can have CDs, computers, and a desk with coloring pages for children. I think they need to be removed because I don't want my kids to go to the library and find a whole bunch of stuff they don't even know what it's about. This would be a great thing, they shouldn't have such a thing in the library in the first place. The librarian should convince the person who brought this stuff there and tell them to take it back to where they got it from. I think they should put something that would normally go into a nice and quiet place to sit and read, there are other options for a computer to do your homework too. Librarians can have such things that are not right for children to see, all the time, this is ridiculas and un-calling, can teach them bad things they shouldn't be doing.How can tell them if they shouuld convince them not to Unappropriate things should not be in libraries that kids shouldn't see. They can take home a book they don't even know what it's about, or maybe there's something in it that shouldn't be in it. I think they should take everything that's right and send it somewhere else where it belongs, not where little kids can reach and understand what's going on.
'@CAPS1 Books, movies, music and magazines? @CAPS2 Will people take @CAPS1 books? Some people think that books, movies, music and magazines should be perceived or "bands". Why do people believe this should happen? Well, this book will discuss three topics. The three themes are Children, @CAPS4 and Religion. First, "@CAPS3". Many parents themselves do not want their children to be exposed to violence, foul language and even possible drugs. Violence is one of the main problems associated with all four of these forms of entertainment. Affecting kids there can take a toll on doing what is called stupidity. The other is a colloquialism that was considered disrespectful to our last generation of adults. The news to this day is about drugs and the increasing use of drugs by teens, leading to overdose that can lead to death. Second, "@CAPS4". Many people, from black to white to everyone around the world, have different skin colors or more different types of characteristics. Racism, from here, means against a person's color or morals. It has calmed down to this day, but there was a time when certain words marked certain people, indicating that they were fewer than others. Cause riots and gang violence to earn respect. They want to be treated as equals with everyone else, as our ancestors did to them in the past. Third, "@CAPS5". Religion is quite big in the world and it shows a lot about the past and some people's beliefs. Religion manifests itself in these four forms in these objects. Everyone thinks it's the right way and everyone else is wrong. They lead to conflict with each other. So trying to stop them from being banned doesn't help religious matters because people do speak and some people want to change certain people into believing what they think is right. So back to @CAPS2, will everyone or some people like @CAPS1 books, movies, music, magazines? Well, sooner or later it will be revealed. The options are to make it happen now or make it happen later. The sooner the better, and possibly the worse. No matter what happens let it flow, someone will learn from there, why ban it now?
Leave @CAPS1 on the shelf In every library, the right to have all types of books, movies and magazines. Even if they are good or bad. Not everyone in this world will have the same preferences. If someone is unhappy with the type of resource they find in the library, I don't think it should be taken off the shelf. Everyone can agree or disagree with the type of things they like. If libraries don't, how will people know what's going on in the world today, because not everything said on TV is true. Every library in the world should not take certain books, movies and magazines down so that kids or anyone else can't read @CAPS1 or watch @CAPS1 because there might be other people who want to read @CAPS1 or watch @CAPS1 . If a library removes certain books, movies, and magazines, it shouldn't even be called a library because it should have all types of resources. Not everyone will have the same opinion about whether certain books, movies or magazines should be in the library, but all types of these resources should stay in the library because if they offend someone, it's not going to be right Everyone does this and it's not fair to other people who like to read, read magazines to keep up to date with the latest news, watch movies of all different genres and listen to music. I don't think librarians should take anything in their library because they know what they're doing when they put these resources on the shelf and they should stay on the shelf because if they don't want to let People feel offended, so they don't fail to make books, movies, or magazines that offend people today. Instead of putting resources on the shelf where people feel offended, the library leaves @CAPS1 for others to read. Having said that, all genres or books, magazines or movies should stay on the shelf to help other people learn what they want to know
I don't think they should remove censored books from the library because older kids can read them, but not younger kids because they don't need that kind of text in the books. In addition, small children have small ears to hear, but also to small eyes, and even see similar words in books. Older kids like @NUM1 should be able to read because it will be a word they have heard before. These books shouldn't be in the lower grade library because little kids will take books out of the library, like the ones called @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 @CAPS3 because it says the n-word so many times, the other one is @CAPS4 And @CAPS5 for saying a lot of dirty words like f, s and ect.words they don't need to hear at such a young age. Another reason it's unfair to older kids if they're taken from the library is that they try to get out of the library so that the younger kids don't take books home to read. If you're taking these books, keep them separate from @NUM2 grades, because the book titled @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 are not good for those kids to read. And some why older kids should read these books and why little kids shouldn't. Why @NUM1 older kids should read them because they are bigger than younger kids. Little kids shouldn't be because we don't want little kids to go home and say these things to moms, dads, grandmas, grandpas, and everyone else out there. Now I've wrapped up my persuasive piece for the new newspaper on my reflections on why or why we shouldn't cancel partnerships in libraries. Also, until the next time I get right on the subject again, I hope you enjoyed this persuasive article.
Imagine yourself, as a @NUM1 year old, sitting in front of one of the greatest philosophers in history, @LOCATION1. A few days later, you find him killed for "corrupting the minds of children." @CAPS1 what? One of the greatest thinkers in human history was censored because they didn't like his ideas. This is the basic level of censorship that happens to millions of books, movies and songs every day. Censorship is not only wrong, it is unnecessary. This is why. @CAPS1, at the end of the day, most books, movies and songs are designed to be interpreted in many different ways. For example, some poems are written in a vague tone so that they can be interpreted differently depending on the person. Also, most music and books are meant to entertain, not offend. Granted, some books are meant to be explained in a certain way, but that doesn't mean they're meant to be offensive. Think of @PERSON1's copy of '@CAPS2 @CAPS3' next to you; does it really offend you that much? When you get a book at school for classwork, they usually want you to read it because it has some educational value for you. Books like "To @CAPS4 a @CAPS5" provide great educational value as they show what the @CAPS6 culture is like, but every day new people try to get it out of every school library in @LOCATION2 Bookshelves are coming off the shelves because they find it offensive. Ask yourself, right? The answer to me is no, as the educational value of such books outweighs their offensiveness. The last thing you have to understand is that no matter how many books you take down, no matter how many movies you ban, or how many songs you take from us, the problem is still not solved, it's just suppressed enough Different questions arise and those are that some people want to read this book @CAPS1 can't because you think it's offensive. @CAPS1 This person complained to the person who banned this form of literature and this book or other forms of literature were put back on the shelf. @CAPS1, you feel right to try to ban it again, but what does that fix? there is nothing. Even if someone doesn't lift it, people can still teach and tell about it, making the ban worthless. I hope you think about it before you think about complaining about some books you find offensive. Your complaint leading to a ban affects everyone. It affects the teaching ability of teachers and the learning ability of students. Is it really right to take away a good textbook? Or you can ask yourself, what problem does it really solve? Either way, you still have to know that banning these things is wrong.
I think bad books, all adult books, magazines and all other articles should have their own room in the library. If you don't want kids and teens in these kinds of books and magazines then lock me up and if you have proof of @CAPS1 showing your @NUM1 then if you don't you'll shout back There's no proof from @CAPS1, then I guess you're not going back to the adult part. I say this because they have movies in the movie store and they won't watch them out loud unless your @NUM1, but the problem is kids have imagination, if you read a book you can watch it like a movie too picture. Movies in the movie store are locked in a secret room and you must be @NUM1 or older to go back there and watch. I bet it catches on when your kid is reading and saying bad things out of it and saying them all over the place like a younger sibling because that's just going to cause bigger problems than you started out with. One has to understand that these days kids are growing faster and faster enough to keep things like this around. Parents need to keep their kids away from magazines, movies, pictures, books and the like. I feel like once you become a parent, you automatically think you are smarter than your kids, but kids are pretty smart. I understand it's just a word, but it's disrespectful to let your kids run around and say inappropriate things to nice people. When kids do it, other parents who don't let their kids do it think "wow, these parents obviously don't care". I have a feeling it's never going to stop, but it would be better if the kid's parents wouldn't let them swear at people at home or the daughter swears over there like a freight train and it's all because of the books she's been reading and the magazines and Movie. I'm going to end this little description now, I'm still against kids cursing at the age of a mature teenager
There are many inappropriate forms of entertainment in the world, but does that mean we should take them all away? I don't think it's a good idea to censor things like books, movies, and music in a library. We don't have any diversity or any type of entertainment in the world because everyone has a different opinion on what they find offensive or inappropriate. Reviewing material in the library greatly limits what we can learn. For example, if someone finds a book about how an animal catches its prayers offensive, if a person is interested in learning about the subject, they won't be able to. Many people's only way of doing research is in the library, so if they have a job assignment and can only get information there, they won't be able to do their job if only one person finds a book on the subject objectionable. People in the medical world also have to watch many movies showing certain procedures. If someone thought a movie about what they were doing was offensive, what would they do? They may not save a person's life. With scrutiny, there can be no diversity. Censorship leaves us with very little choice in the entertainment we can read. It may even result in us not having any books to entertain because it a person doesn't like certain books that one can get rid of. So, if not all of the books are gone, there will still be a few to choose from. This will result in all reading the same books, making the diversity very small. I only see a few good points in the review. Yes, it stops kids from learning or hearing inappropriate or offensive things, but, this is our world and I believe we just have to accept it. Our society today is full of crime, hate, sex and blasphemy, but nothing has changed. Censorship @MONTH1 will hide it for a short while, but it won't stay away from it forever. Censorship will not change our society. I don't think we should review our library stuff. It will only lead to the downfall of our community. It's a good idea, but I don't believe it's helping us more than it's hurting us. The review will be due to the lack of diversity education and fulfillment in our society
Now, one way or another, certain materials can be found and used. Someone in this world will appreciate the material and want to share it with others. So really, whatever you @MONTH1 try to remove any material you deem objectionable, but is that your right? I don't think so, I would think it's unfair. It's unfair that you can see this material, just because you think it's offensive doesn't mean other people @MONTH1 think they think it's offensive. So the idea of taking them off the shelf for your own selfish opinion is ridiculous. Doing so would defeat the purpose of @CAPS1 being the author of this material. Having the freedom to sell or communicate what they want viewers, readers, listeners, etc. to see and use, doesn't happen because one person or a small group of people finds it offensive. The world out there is huge and you think just because you can try to hide certain materials from people in your area, no one will find a way, people will always find a way to get it out or be found. It's as if you're trying to control what people should watch, listen to, read, etc. It's almost like you're controlling people, but you have to realize that you can't hide everything in this world. Also, not everyone in this world has the same mindset as you, and anything you find offensive to @MONTH1 isn't, or actually doesn't mean everyone else has. So this leads me to the conclusion that you shouldn't remove material from the shelf that only you or a group of people finds offensive. Don't try to control what people or children should watch, listen to or read because sooner or later it will be discovered. No matter how much you want the world to be perfect, the reality is it won't happen, you can't hide everything
Most people think that if kids are considered offensive, they shouldn't see certain things. Like some books, music, movies and magazines. I don't think books or anything else should be removed from library shelves. What the child can watch or listen to should be the parent's choice. But now, it makes kids want more when their parents or any other authority doesn't let them do, see, or hear certain things. Because they want it more, they will find time to do, watch or listen to @MONTH1. They'll even get behind their parents and probably won't care if they're in trouble. Having this new generation of authority can only limit so much what kids see today. Children will see a lot of things that interest them and can find them in a variety of different ways. Computers, TV, and radio are three different main ways to find things that may be objectionable but are always of interest to children. I believe that young parents are one of the reasons why children learn about these movies, books, music and magazines. They say things and do things that young people shouldn't know when they're young. It makes kids think it's okay when their parents do anything. So make it a parent's choice that the child can see. Because either way, they'll be able to find it.
Something that means a lot to a person @CAPS1 to start this, I'm going to say what Kathryn Patterson is saying / @CAPS2 is right. They have a lot of @CAPS3 in the world who are very sensitive to what's going on out there in that house and life around them and they don't want anyone to touch. or around. One important thing I have that means a lot to me, my @CAPS4 is the @CAPS5 that my @CAPS6 gave us before he passed away. Me and my @CAPS4 have been wanting to hear it for a long time. But we just don't have the courage to do it. We don't like it when someone thinks they can do what they want by walking to where we have @CAPS5 and grabbing it. @CAPS1 I and my @CAPS9 don't like that. So let's say something. This is one thing we @CAPS10 love to have anyone touch. Because it means so much to us! Most of the @CAPS3 think we're crazy because we @CAPS10 like anyone being around or touching it, but I'll say there are other @CAPS3s around this area who are even crazier about being touched. Example: '@CAPS10 Next to my wall clock I @CAPS10 want you to knock it off, so stay away from it! ' That's what my best friend @CAPS11 said before. To this day, she still feels the same way! But I mean, this is how we feel about everything around us, and it means a lot. But to get back to why @CAPS3 is so upset about things hanging on the wall, or things in cases that have been around for years. Because it means so much to them. It's not just complaining because it means there or for some reason. Just because it means a lot to them, and when I say it means a lot to them, I mean a bunch! There just wanted to say it meant more to them and they didn't want it bothered. Try to understand what is there trying to say to you. Because it can mean a lot. & you can also watch out for it. Just to help. But the store that Kathryn Patterson wrote about was right. & there may also be some things in her life that mean a lot to her. You just have to rediscover how important what she has, because there are so many @CAPS3 things that matter in life, you could be one of them. Try to see and feel how much other @CAPS3 does in the world around you. Just remember the things that are important to someone and help them pay attention. & for being a good friend to other people.
I think they should put everything in the library. Some people like to stay in the library reading newspapers and listening to music. If you do find it offensive, don't read it or just pick another book. Everyone has their own opinion about the library, and if they want their voices heard, let them speak up. My current view of all this stuff in the library is good for kids so they can learn faster and have more to look forward to when they get older. My own experience in the library, I do see that there are more people in the library and you can do more things than read books most of the time. You can read magazines or newspapers to pass the time when no one is at home or hanging out, and just reading books can get really boring, so try something different before going back to the book you started reading and wanting to take a break. Then, if other people don't want to publish something in their library, they have their own voice to say it. Some of the observations I've seen are not very good. I saw some protesters in front of the library and I saw them closed because of it. But people can sometimes carry it far away and sometimes burn it to the ground. I see people cry about it and it's so frustrating I want to do something to help them but I really can't do anything. The most valuable are reading children and younger children. What if someone burns you in the house, that's how these kids feel when you shut the safest place for them? They have the biggest voice of all. If you do something that makes them feel better, that's really good for them. They didn't do anything to deserve the mess we put them through. It's hard to have a place to read, but nowhere to go. If you don't want to be quiet, let the world hear you and have the freedom to let it out. You have your own three different voices, others agree or disagree, and you have your children. So which one are you going to listen to? When you have a choice and you have to make a choice, hope you make the right choice
Should you hide your kids from the inappropriate world? Don't let them hear, see or read the bad things in the world. Let them grow up as innocently as possible. Should libraries take these steps? In a world like ours, where bad things happen every day, when it comes to people committing suicide, being murdered, being scammed by governments, or even terrorist attacks, it's hard to let people who shouldn't know know. It's easy for our country to figure things out, all we have to do is watch @CAPS1.V. Even go to our local library. While we have censored what's on TV, we don't think we care that much about our library. Our library holds thousands of books and magazines, and now has the same or greater number of movies, @CAPS2 and video games. I think libraries should review what they have and how they organize it. Libraries should have different sections, as they do now, for age groups and sections that suit them, and to avoid people checking out items from the sections above them, they have an age group security check system for library card filings . It sounds complicated, but at least we're doing our best to avoid exposing anyone to anything they wanted to do when they were younger. When it comes to objectionable material, I don't think it should be taken off the shelf and placed in a different location in the library. Some people need to read something they think is objectionable, maybe they need to read it in class, maybe this book is objectionable, but it needs to be read because it teaches a really good life lesson. There is a book called "@CAPS3" written by a person with the last name @LOCATION1. It sounds offensive, but it actually teaches people the origin of the word and how it offends people. @MONTH1 is offensive to some, but it teaches a lesson why people shouldn't say that. Yes, there will always be parents who don't @CAPS1 care what their kids read, watch, listen to or play with. But, in order for the kids to get it, the parents have to come and get it for them, so the parents know what they're pulling from the library.
We all find things offensive, whether in books, magazines, movies, CDs, TV shows, or newspaper articles. The library has all of these items, and some people @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 don't want to delete items they think are objectionable, but right? If everyone went to the library and took everything they thought was objectionable off the shelves, we would have nothing. Maybe writers should cut back on things that are inappropriate, racist, or include foul language. That way you won't offend so many people, and you won't have any problems letting your kids pick their own books. Although, @MONTH1 is not the author here. @MONTH1 is the reader. Some people should stop taking everything so seriously so they don't have to worry about what their kids are reading. Yes, most adult products these days are not suitable for children, but that's why adults. Children have their own selection of books and movies. Parents need to be aware that maybe they should take their kids to the kids area. All types of entertainment are categorized by age and people should start paying more attention to that. If parents start paying attention to what their kids do, they won't worry about reading or watching things they shouldn't. That's what parents are for, looking after their kids, and some people don't do that well. If there's a book you've read that you don't want your kids to read, it's probably from when you were a little older, so don't worry until they get to that age. Maybe then they'll just be able to read it because they're old enough to tell right from wrong. Parents cannot always control what their children do. If they stumble upon a book that their parents never wanted them to read, they @MONTH1 see it differently than their father's mother, and they @MONTH1 learn an invaluable lesson from it.
When you go to the library, you want to see all kinds of books, movies, music, magazines, and maybe other items. If a person is looking for a book that might offend race, culture, religion, etc., they should still be able to check that book. Libraries should not be able to control these situations because reading these stories is a personal or adult choice. In our country, we can express our opinions through @CAPS1. @CAPS1 includes freedom of speech, ensuring that anyone can express their personal feelings or opinions on certain issues. If a person wants to view a book that may technically offend another person legally, they have the right to do so. I don't condone that someone should read books, listen to music, or even watch movies that may be hateful or cruel, but under the law it's okay for people to read, listen or watch these works if they want. Libraries are government-funded organizations. So that means they have no right to disregard these works. The government pays for books bought into the library. That means they need books that people want to read and are interested in, even though some may not agree that it works. I don't encourage reading these novels or listening to objectionable music, but as citizens of @LOCATION1 we are allowed to listen to what we want and read whatever we want because that's the freedom our country stands for . When I think of @LOCATION2 I think of freedom and I have to say I'm proud that our country supports this, even when it comes to the little things in life, we should support this kind of freedom
Know that you asked me to write an article for a newspaper reflecting my views on library censorship. Well, then I'm going to dislike what I'm about to say, but I really don't care @CAPS1 if it's up to your dam government to decide what we can say or what we can read or even do. They'll keep us all tied at home so we can't learn more than just how to eat, clean, and dress. The way I see it now is that when we want to read whatever book we like, we have all sorts of rituals to read it. Now, if we don't want to read a book, then we don't have to read it. But we as a people, they as a government, don't have the ritual of taking your book out of the library. Now we as a human being can press whatever we want @CAPS1 no matter what they see in the government as the people running the stats and not the dam government. My point is that these books are there to teach us about our lives, our history. Books tell us what is wrong and what is ritual. Books are here to tell scary stories around a campfire, and they're here to give kids a bedtime story. If we take these books off our shelves, you think your generation sucks, wait @CAPS1, the next one will be worse than this one, I promise you. It's our ritual to save our books now, @CAPS1 If we don't, then we as @CAPS3 will be lost. Because without books, our past is lost, our absurd stories are forgotten, and our children can't sleep at night without stories. Come on now, come together as one all. If you see a book about shevles and you think its offensive then @CAPS4 put the dam thing down and leave it don't complain about it. No one tells you you have to read it. So don't ruin it for everyone, just @CAPS1, you don't believe @CAPS4, don't touch the bible if you think it's unwritten. If you do use the same in @CAPS4 and you think all books about witches or vampires, or I even have a cabin, leave it alone. It's just a dam book, let's read them. Seeing you guys blaming our kids, video games upsets us, but it's actually parents @CAPS1 seeing that there's nothing more teens like me like to do than things that mom or dad says not to do. So let's step back and let's read and play and do what we want.
Many people like different books, music, movies and magazines. Some people will offend them. Others don't. For me I don't. I don't think certain materials, like books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves because different types of people have different types. If a person is offended from a book or magazine, I believe that person should put it back. If books that offend people don't make it to the shelves, there are no books on the shelves, because I'm sure at least one person in the world would be offended by every book. After all, there are many people in the world. There are also different genres for music. There's rap, country, rock, pop, and more. For example, if someone likes rap but dislikes country, that person can choose to hear and sing instead of country. If that person doesn't like country though it shouldn't be deleted because other people @MONTH1 like country and want to hear it. There are many different genres for movies. There's horror, comedy, romance, and more. That's why in the theater there are different rooms for different movies. People always have choices. Many people like different books, music, movies and magazines. Some will offend them, although some will not. Everyone is different. People like different things. That is, in my opinion, the beauty of human nature
Perceptions of library censorship certainly vary from person to person. Some people are offended by material that anyone can access, and then some people want the right to read, listen and watch whatever they choose. I believe there are pros and cons to each option, no matter how you look at it, but libraries do need some kind of censorship; the line has to be drawn somewhere. Lyrics in music can be very offensive to some people. Inappropriate scenes in movies, whether they involve two opposite sexes or intense action moments, are not something young people should be exposed to. Easy access to libraries is part of the problem. People of any age can get anything they want. From my own experience, I have the opportunity to get whatever I want in the library. Advertising images on the covers of books, movies, magazines, etc., gave me a false sense of what the material was really about when I was young. I spent a day at the library and came home with materials that my parents disagreed with. If you look at it from another angle, you might think that if we removed all offensive material, our library would be almost nothing. In fact, I believe that once people realize that exposure to this material is objectionable, authors will change the way they write; directors will change the way they make movies; artists will change the lyrics of their songs. So yes, there will be a lot of material missing from library shelves, but they will be replaced by things that people want. Others might argue that they have the right to read, listen and watch what they like. @MONTH1 True, but shouldn't everyone else have the right to let their kids go to the library without worrying that they might be exposed to horrible material? While for some, this argument from @MONTH1 goes both ways, who knows what @MONTH1's world would have turned out if the line had never been drawn on what was available. From here, the material only becomes more objectionable, more disturbing, and has a greater impact on people's minds. Children are even exposed to the "evil" of the world at an early age, and if that's all they know, they don't realize what else the world has to offer them. If we make it clear to writers, directors, producers and artists that this is not what we want, they will all change their material.
Do I think certain material, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed? Yes, I think it should all be removed because it hurts people's feelings and allows them to do a lot of things. Things like suicide, drama, etc., having these things in the library can hurt someone's feelings. I really don't think I want to racially comment on me in a book, so why others? I think some people's lives can be made better by removing all these things. During my experience at the library last week, I saw this girl run to her mom and cry because she's African American, and the book is about their race. She was worried that all that happened in slavery would happen again. I would be so terrified to read that someone made fun of my life, scolded me, hit me, that kind of thing just ruined my day. Now I think libraries will learn to take these things out of stock. Now that I have given you convincing arguments for my choice based on my own experience. I think they should take my advice and realize that having this stuff is not good for kids, teens or even adults and they shouldn't be reading it. All it does is let some people down, make them cry, and some stupid stuff. Now it's wise to delete all these things by choosing to make things better for everyone
Imagine walking into a library with empty shelves. There is no library where you can lose yourself in the pages of books. A library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill our minds with new perspectives and open our hearts. Libraries for literary works like @ORGANIZATION1, To @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @PERSON1 are not on the shelves waiting for students to read in depth. Some of the greatest books of all time are respected for their controversial and exciting ideas. Censorship should not be implemented in libraries because everyone has a personal right to read whatever they like, to broaden their minds, and to enjoy practices that are being replaced by modern technology. Many children in @LOCATION1 cannot read at the appropriate grade level. This number is increasing dramatically due to insufficient educational opportunities, lack of interest in education, and lack of resources for @LOCATION1. Reading is a fundamental foundation of every school subject. It turns out that children who succeed in reading are five times more likely to be more successful students overall. But by reviewing the books that are allowed in classrooms and libraries, we are depriving children of opportunities to broaden their minds. We also took away books of interest to the @MONTH1 kids. Kids @PERCENT1 are more likely to read books that interest them. It is impractical and harmful for children to keep children from reading, such as "@CAPS3 @CAPS4". By taking away a book a student really likes, this prevents them from reading it completely. A person has the right not only to receive the best education, but also to read any book they want. Books open doors for kids to new places and adventures they can't experience in their @MONTH1 lifetime. Books have the ability to broaden people's minds. Some of the most interesting and controversial books that challenge personal beliefs and ideas are being pulled from shelves and people are no longer easily available. @LOCATION2 is built on freedom; freedom of speech, freedom of thought. Why doesn't this freedom apply to books? Why allow anyone to tell another what you can and cannot read? Why should these books be made available to everyone through public libraries? This freedom should apply to books. No one should be allowed to tell another what they can and cannot read. These books should not be censored in public and school libraries. No one should be deprived of the opportunity to learn. Millions of children are denied the opportunity to learn by reviewing books across the entire @LOCATION2 library. We live in a world where TVs, computers, iPods and cell phones can be found in most homes and in the hands of everyone. Books are considered "things of the past" and can't keep up with today's technology. However, books are an important part of one's education. Censored libraries discourage children from reading, even more than they already do. Children don't want to be told what they can and can't read, and by taking away the books they want, we suppress their minds. Censorship will only make them read less and play more with the computer. Censorship at the library is also a pointless and ineffective approach. Internet-connected kids can look up almost anything on their home computer. What they find on the internet will be more controversial than most censored books. Many kids' favorite books are the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 series. The books were removed from many libraries for their use of witchcraft. However, kids can go home and watch a movie or search the internet for more controversial content. There is no point in censorship because children have other ways to view things that would be censored in the library. There should be no censorship in libraries because everyone has the personal right to read whatever they like, to broaden their minds, and to enjoy practices that are being replaced by modern technology. Young people today face wars, terrorist attacks, gangs, domestic violence and driving by every day. The world of books allows them to escape the world they live in. Books can help children overcome poverty, psychological challenges and violence every day. Pages fill them with hope and give them the courage to build a better future for themselves. The inspiring stories in the book have inspired millions to achieve more than they thought possible. Censorship robs future generations of the opportunity to be inspired by these books. Censorship only hurts our youth and what they can achieve.
First off, I believe that if it's on the shelf, you should be able to get it no matter your age. Yes, their stuff shouldn't be on the shelf, but how are kids and people supposed to know if they get it. If kids don't want to buy certain materials on the shelf, then it shouldn't be theirs, @CAPS1 my opinion. The parent @MONTH1 thinks differently, the parent may think that only certain things should be put in the library. @CAPS1 is not an option for them. Anything can be put in a library. If you don't want your child to read or get something, when your child goes to the library, go with them. Help them choose a book. In conclusion, I believe you should be able to inspect anything on the shelf. children or if you are an adult. If you don't get it, why is it theirs? I don't know I can't answer the question, except why is it theirs? @CAPS1 my opinion though
"@CAPS1 Are you reading?" Mom asked. I immediately hid the book behind my back, knowing that she didn't like me reading such a deep book. Some parents don't like their children reading some content. If it's bad at home, it shouldn't be good at school either. Some subjects maybe we shouldn't do, but we should because our parents said no. Removing the above topic will remove the opportunity for disobedience or parenting and coping behavior from the book. There are some books, movies, magazines and music that are "cool" but not so appropriate. Some movies and music use offensive language and behavior, and some children accept and reflect actors, actresses, and artists. Soon, they start making a name for themselves by using such language or behavior, and they end up being called bad boys. Students like me are not as popular or noticed, so they feel compelled to do something to get noticed. Most students imitate things they see, hear or see, such as media. It would be wise to have reviewers for students in the library. Although some students do not necessarily want to be reviewed in the library, removing objectionable material is only in their best interest. By not learning what we hear or see, it will make students, myself included, better people. I think by using censorship, it will help students make decisions at home to get involved in this sort of thing. I've noticed that students often look at movie stars and celebrities, and if they're fans or celebrities, they prefer to imitate them and do what they do. Suffice to say I'm a fan of @PERSON1 and I read that she stole something. As a fan of hers, I either get someone else to imitate it or do it like her because it's so cool. If I did what @PERSON2 did, my parents would probably kill me, and if I was lucky and they didn't, I would definitely go to jail. So all in all, I think censorship is important in libraries because it ensures the well-being of students and protects them from things they don't need to be involved in. I will respect the idea of a school review because I know it's just there to help me. I want all students to understand that it is important not to be influenced by violence, sex, drugs, drama through movies, music, magazines or books
I don't think libraries should be censored, @CAPS7 it's not fair to everyone. If censorship is everywhere, there may be no movies or entertainment because there are a lot of people complaining. I also have several reasons @CAPS6 I don't think libraries should have censorship. @CAPS5 The first reason is freedom of the press. In our @ORGANIZATION1 we have been given the right to write what we want, and if the censorship continues, we will lose a right. I don't think it's fair to control what we want to write or read. Another reason for me is freedom of speech. Also written in @ORGANIZATION1 by @ORGANIZATION1, we have the right to say what we want and no one can control it. If we continue to use censorship, this right will also be taken away. We are slowly losing the rights that @CAPS1 empowers, @CAPS7 people are offended by books and stuff of this nature. My personal experience is that one day @CAPS5 friends and I were going to the library to pick up a book for our history report. Reports must be over @DATE1 and slavery. Unfortunately, @CAPS5's friends are @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and it's hard not to be offended by homework. It got worse when we got to the library. All the books we found were about how badly slaves were treated at the time. @CAPS5 friends are very frustrated at this time. Finally, he sees another book making fun of slaves, and he walks up to the librarian and asks, '@CAPS4 did you take those books off the shelf and put them somewhere else? The librarian just looked at him sternly and said, "No. What makes you think you deserve any special treatment? @CAPS5 Friend was dumbfounded. He couldn't believe what he just heard. He went back to my seat. after I told him she was right. "@CAPS6 is that? ', he said. I said, '@CAPS7 If she takes all these books down, she has to take all the other books down too, @CAPS7 someone's going to find something harmful.' "You know, you might be Right," he said. Censorship is unfair, @CAPS7 it limits what we are capable of and what we like. It's not fair to punish others based on what they read, write or say. We all have ourselves preferences; how would you feel if yours were taken away?
Some people often go to the library to read books, movies, magazines, etc. But some people may not realize that some of the things they have in the library may offend some people. I think everything in the library should stay there. Apparently the library allows it there for some reason. So honestly, it can't be that bad. I don't think something should be removed from the library. People have to realize that this is life. There will be something you don't like, but you have to deal with it. If you watch TV, you will notice something offensive about certain people. But no one really made a huge contribution out of it. These books might offend you, but to others it might just be another book they want to read. No intention to offend anyone intentionally. Libraries are about learning. Everything is for educational purposes. I've read some books that I stop and think while reading and have noticed some really harsh stuff in them. But I'm not complaining, I just keep reading. A lot of books are based on true events, so no matter how offensive they may be to people, you just have to think about what the author intended for the book and the same thing as the movie. So people can see what the author has to say. Everyone has the right to express their opinion. That's what most magazine articles are about. Express your opinion on a topic. Even in the @CAPS1 class I'm in now, we have to read "To @CAPS2 A @CAPS3". Some @CAPS4 @CAPS5 folks might think it's racist, but it's not. The author tries to express his opinion. How it was before whites and people of color were treated equally. Now, if you still think it's offensive to you or someone else, that's okay. That's why this is a free country. Everyone has the right to say how they feel without getting into trouble for it. So I hope I understand something is okay to offend people. As long as that's not all you watch or read. I doubt it is. So next time you read or watch something that offends you. Think about the point the writers or people who made the film are trying to make. Mybe offended you, it made you understand that.
Censorship can be a very good thing. It prevents inappropriate material from falling into the wrong hands. It also keeps the horror factor in the sensing material out of the community, making the community a better place to live. But too much scrutiny can be a bad thing. For example, @ORGANIZATION1 has an extreme censorship policy when burning all of these books. There are also several books that talk about the runaway censorship, such as the book @CAPS1 @NUM1. Libraries should review some of these materials. Books and magazines need to be reviewed based on content. Books and magazines use words and sometimes pictures to express opinions. If a book uses vulgar and inappropriate language, it should be reviewed in some way. With that in mind, I shouldn't be able to pick a book and open it to find a sexual conversation. Nor should I be able to find places in books or magazines where swearing is constantly being used. There were also many people who were offended by the violence and a lot of gore. Magazines and books also use pictures to help understand this. If any of the two sources have inappropriate images, the material should be reviewed. If I walk by my local library and just see a magazine sitting there with a nude photo in front of it, I'll wonder about my library's censorship policy. Another example is when I pick up a book and start browsing it, there is an inappropriate image in it, and I want to know about my library's censorship policy. Additionally, magazines should be censored if they have images of extreme violence or extreme gore. In general, if a book or magazine is extremely inappropriate, it should be censored in some way. Music is another form of media that can be found in libraries and should be censored. Musicians use artwork on album jackets to grab attention. If the artwork contains profanity or inappropriate images, it should be censored in some way or shape. Musicians of course also play music. However, if the lyrics of the songs there are explicit or have many sexual themes, they must be modified. Someone should have to deal with music like this. In any case, if a music album is out of date, it should be censored. Movies are quite possibly the hardest thing to perceive. This is because they use language, pictures, music and videos. Movies are multimedia monsters, sometimes clean and sometimes inappropriate. If a movie is rated @CAPS2, it shouldn't be in the public library. Movies rated @CAPS3 for pornography, nudity, drugs, alcohol or swearing should be reviewed. A kid shouldn't be able to get that kind of stuff in a public library. Also depending on how violent and gore the movie is, it should be censored. Inappropriate movies, especially those rated @CAPS3, should be censored. The fact that this debate even needs to happen is sad. But it does, we have to censor people @MONTH1 for something that would be offended if they saw it in a public library. Content that contains nudity, pornography, profanity, gore and violence may be censored. There also needs to be a line for us to stop sensing or stop anytime soon, like Kathryn Patterson saying we won't be leaving any books. But in general, public libraries need some form of censorship.
As an individual, what books have I read, I believe some need to be taken off the shelves. My concern is for the kids who get these books. Children are supposed to be children, and they don't know certain things until they grow up and mature. This also includes music, movies and magazines. Some people believe that these things influence bad behavior, such as stealing, cursing, or even murder. The less obscene things we have, the more we can control our children, or at least some of them. Every day we see bad behavior such as stealing, swearing, murder and assault. Ever wonder what causes people to do this? Look around you, they show it in movies, they talk about it in books. There are even songs about it, no wonder kids think it's okay to do this kind of thing! If we limit these items, we @MONTH1 will see positive results. Like I said before, kids should be kids and stay away from this obscene material. They'll be exposed to it at some point, but hopefully when they're older. In the meantime, reviewers should put these items on or off the shelf.
I believe there are books on our library shelves that they shouldn't have? Of course, I think there are some books, music, movies, magazines that young children should not read, hear or watch. These things affect our daily lives. Let's start with a book with killing. I wasn't a parent at the time, but I knew for a fact that I didn't want my kids to read this violence. That's not something a twelve-year-old should read. Books like this make kids think, oh he killed people, why can't I, that's why some kids grow up bad and have to go to jail at @NUM1 because they killed people or at least tried. There are other books that kids shouldn't read, @MONTH1 is about slavery. If a mother doesn't want their child to know about slavery at their age, there shouldn't be that type of book on the shelf for a ten-year-old to read. I mean, if my family was living in slavery times, I definitely wouldn't want my kids to read it because it shows how white people are disrespecting black people and that might have an impact on that kid. This may lead them to dislike white people. Second is music. I know most libraries don't have that bad music on the radio, but I'm sure some music has something about it. That's another thing that can give kids the wrong idea and put them on the wrong track again. There are things kids shouldn't hear unless they and one of their parents can then explain to them that you shouldn't do what the song says. But they shouldn't be in our schools or public libraries. The third thing is the movie. The school library should not have any movies of killings, break-ins, or fights under any circumstances. School is not the place for kids to see these things. This will only give young children the wrong idea and is not suitable for school ownership. The last one is a magazine. There should be no magazines in schools with women in swimsuits or men without shirts. This might make the child think he can do it, and he might get himself into big trouble. This is how I think about books, music, magazines and movies in the library.
If there is any objectionable book, movie, music or magazine then I think it should be removed from the shelf as be careful with small children. Everyone wants to see a different movie, book or music that isn't suitable for kids, but we all know where kids get their performances from. The books can be left on the shelf if younger kids don't bother them. They have to know that adults don't always want to watch children's shows. Adults should have the right to remove books from the shelves if they are not suitable for children. Yes, books, magazines, movies and music should be taken off shelves if offensive. This is necessary because they can watch movies and learn bad habits from shows, listen to music and learn bad words, read magazines and see bad pictures. So keep kids away from objectionable material. There are a lot of young kids who like to get into things they shouldn't. Like bad movies that are not appropriate for their age because kids learn their bad habits from TV shows or even movies. If this movie is offensive, it should definitely be taken off the shelves. Unless it just grew up at home. If the movie is just sitting on a shelf or around the house. Younger kids can always grab them without knowing what it is and go look in the room there. Bad music is just as bad because they can listen to it and get their bad language from @CAPS1. If parents don't want their kids to grow up to be bad guys, then I recommend all parents to keep the worse @CAPS2 away from their kids and hide them all. They can always hide them in the room, on the table for the safety of the child. Keep all children away from offensive and objectionable items that they don't speak out loud. If the pictures in the magazine are not necessary for children, then the magazine is not good-looking. Observe all the children around the magazine or read the magazine before letting them read it. @MONTH1 has disgusting pictures, kids can't see that young. So make sure they are all clear and stay away from them. If they are bad, I will always keep all items away from young children. Just watch magazines, movies and music around all the kids. All of these materials, from which all children can learn bad habits. If they don't offend then don't worry about them letting them watch them because it won't be a bad thing. They all want to live their lives at some point and behave like adults. So, sometimes you have to treat them like adults. Yes, please make sure all offensive books, music, movies and magazines are kept away from young children. Movies need to stay away from kids because they can learn bad habits from shows, music needs to stay away from kids because they can learn bad language, magazines need to stay away from kids because they can see bad pictures they see. Neither do I think.
In a way, there is a reason why many books are on library shelves. Some books polarize race, sexism, bullying, etc. It must be scary to put themselves in the child's shoes when they read those books, magazines, movies, music, etc. Language in film and music is not what we think it is. Do you want your kids (i.e. @NUM1) to go out and do what other @NUM1 year olds do because they think it's cool for other people to do it? Remember when you were younger and your parents didn't have to worry about what you were doing because your generation wasn't like the current generation? Well, if we don't act now, these offspring could get worse. Taking some books off the shelf, or removing swear words from a song won't do a child or teen any harm. These things tell your kids it's okay to have sex, smoke, drink, and even curse. I know my mom is worried about me @NUM3 because she always calls me to check on me and ask how my day is going or if I have a problem today. If we work together to tackle all blasphemy, then I bet the world will be a safer and better place. Bullying is no longer an issue; neither is cyer space or drugs and alcohol. You need to stand up and show your child that doing these things is not the exception or necessity in any life. Remember them, a whole life without sex, drugs and profanity. So the next time you think you want to buy a dvd or cd, preview it before you buy. Make sure that if your child listens to it, it won't cause harm or be blasphemous. Make sure you talk to your child about what's right and wrong. Let these profanities go away by themselves. If they're not what you want your kids to hear, you shouldn't either
Browsing the books you've read at your local library and want to reread @CAPS1 to enjoy the sound of its words again? You look for shelf after shelf instead of finding @CAPS1 anywhere. You search around, search for everything the book might list below. You've browsed paper books, hard books; finally let your frustration take over. Give up looking for novels, you go to the librarian and ask @CAPS1. She replies, "Sorry, we had to delete that novel because someone felt @CAPS1 offended them." You're incensed, and you decide to write to the local paper about a book taken from the local library, Angry articles on movies, music, etc. Personally, I don't think media taken from the library should be considered offensive. How can you consider what is offensive and what is not? A book may offend one person but not another. Different people have different opinions and it is not reasonable for @CAPS1 to remove a book or other type of media from the library because @CAPS1 contains "offensive material". @CAPS1 is ridiculous; @CAPS1 pissed me off that someone would do it. If you think @CAPS1 could fall into the hands of children or someone @CAPS1 affects, please do not rent this item. This is why most libraries have separate areas for adults and children so that children cannot get these items. How do you know if something is objectionable? I personally don't find it a lot offensive, but just because something offends me doesn't mean I'm asking for @CAPS1 to be banned so that others can't enjoy @CAPS1. If you find something objectionable, please disregard @CAPS1. Don't bother, annoy or disturb others not related to the creation of @CAPS1. Not only does @CAPS1 disrespect the individual you file a complaint with, it disrespects the artist who created @CAPS1. You do have the right to have your opinion, but sometimes, @CAPS1 doesn't have to. We live in such a closed world. Some of us even think @CAPS1 is not suitable for showing their arms. I can understand why some people are offended by these things, but honestly @CAPS1's mediocre report is just because you disagree with @CAPS1. We have a broad understanding of what is right or wrong, and what is or is not appropriate for listeners to hear. Do you really think @CAPS1 will be released if @CAPS1 is not appropriate? Sure, there are things in books, music, etc. that are inappropriate, but it's illogical to be so closed to the use of vulgar language, mild sexual content, or violence. You can see worse, hear worse, just walk anywhere on the street. To answer the question bluntly, no, I don't think the media should be banned just because @CAPS1 is offensive. As @CAPS2, we are empowered to speak our voices from two different perspectives. You can argue whether something is banal, or objectionable; I will argue back, simply because I have the right to express my opinion as you do. The reasons why these pleasurable media are banned, such as language and violence, add emphasis, meaning, emotion, and allow readers to dig more out of a book, a song, etc. These are how authors see their work and they want to show people what they see, even if @CAPS1 does offend others.
Imagine someone walking up to you and saying, '@CAPS1 Are you studying there? Wait, I know that book! That book is absolutely disgusting! How dare you read this! Then, imagine they stole that book and you never see it again. This is an example of how censorship works. If the government notices that our country's citizens have objectionable magazines, books, movies or music, should they take it away? No, they don't have any right to do that! Everyone should be able to decide for themselves whether @CAPS1 is right or wrong; watch, read or listen. No one has to touch anything they don't want to touch. Also, if a person really wants to find an objectionable form of entertainment, they will find it, legal or not. So I think it's futile to try to stop people from doing that. Remember when you could listen to your favorite bedtime story "@CAPS2 The @ORGANIZATION2"? Well, you can't read it anymore, the government declared the book offensive to the camel and took it away. Now, you just have a boring book about camel facts. @CAPS1 Interesting? I had to think, '@CAPS1 about the author? @CAPS4 The amazing thing about our country is our freedom of speech and expression! It is hard and cruel to stop all the creativity of our authors. Writing a great story is nearly impossible due to government censorship restrictions. If a song is beautiful and sweet, but it contains @CAPS4 bad words, is it a bad song? If there is a review, who will decide if @CAPS1 is appropriate? Will @CAPS5 decide for us? Or will @ORGANIZATION1 get together to read the books aloud before declaring them inappropriate? Personally, I'd love to decide for myself. And, as a mature adult, I can. I have the morals and thoughts to choose for myself @CAPS1 is good or bad. Perhaps, the vast amount of books and songs we have now will disappear entirely. possible. It's hard to imagine an entire country having the same moral view of our entertainment. This could lead to the elimination of many forms of entertainment. So how do we create a standard to approve these forms of entertainment? Knowing that there are some young, vulnerable children who are aware of all forms of public recreation, so some scrutiny is needed @MONTH1. However, I firmly believe that this should be limited. Censorship should only be used to help children. This is similar to the way parents let their children grow up eating healthy food rather than junk food. When the kids grow up, they decide to eat @CAPS1 food themselves. Some of the items that I think should be reviewed are; public ads, children's TV shows and children's movies. The things that I and many others think should be reviewed: blasphemy, violence, and offense about race, religion, and gender. In the future these kids can choose what @CAPS1 they think is acceptable and the review can end. Full review sucks. Every citizen has the right to read whatever they like. No one should try to take it away. Please, never let anyone tell you your own morals.
Many libraries today limit what they can put on their shelves. Yes, they are objectionable material in the world, but it's just an artist trying to make a name for himself. Where will our culture rapidly expand if we begin to control each other's thoughts, feelings, and artists' abilities? Libraries should not have the right to review materials. One way to cater for everyone's needs is to divide the library into two main sections, children and adults, and then you can continue to divide the sections. It would be cost effective to do this, and it would be nice to add an age limit to the adult section so rowdy kids can't get in there. This will help make it easier to find the right book. Censorship is defined as taking out a specific item, which is either offensive to a group or banned. We wouldn't be where we are today if someone came up with @PERSON2's @PERSON3 statues and other pieces. If you take out material, you never know where it will go or lead someone. Censorship hinders the true potential of many artists. Limiting someone's knowledge can hurt that person's chances of being something in this world. I've read many books and other books about knowledge and intellect that are objectionable in their ways, and they make no difference. Many things are of interest to different people. This quote from author Katherine Paterson explains it all very well, if someone has the right to take a book off the shelf, and not everyone has the right to take material from the shelf, then there is no book. Censoring something hurts not only the person who created it, but everyone else. Libraries should not censor any material. Censoring material hurts everyone's desire to open their minds or understand things better. As Katherine Paterson famously said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf Take that book - the job I hate - then you have the same right as everyone else has. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 explained that if a person has the right to take off the shelf Take one material and someone else has that right. The review shouldn't be in the library.
Is it offensive? Should people have the right to cancel other people's ideas? What do you think; do I agree? People have been writing, making videos, and all types of music for centuries. Some see it as free speech. Others might see it as treason or conspiracy. I believe @CAPS1 is a brilliant writer and a promising producer and artist. But not all media is good. For a long time, young children have been influenced by media such as: books, movies, music, etc... For many adults with children, it is completely normal to discriminate against certain media. But that's not all @CAPS1 More cases suffer not just children, but religion, race, gender, sexual orientation and social group. @CAPS1 should be specific rules and specific laws against this wrongdoing. But everyone is entitled to @CAPS1's opinion. Hundreds of people were discriminated against for what they saw here and in the media. The life changing experience for me was the movie @CAPS2 @CAPS3. This may be considered offensive to many, such as African Americans or any other race that suffers from similar abuse. These are just a few issues of free speech, but @CAPS1 will always be a divided and dissenting opinion. But I personally think that there are only certain things that should not be allowed to be posted to public media
Dear @CAPS1, is it wrong to ban a book for @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 for @CAPS2 @CAPS5? I noticed this @CAPS5 is exactly what our library has just thought about doing with any book, music, movie, magazine, etc. that anyone finds offensive. I don't agree with that. The world @CAPS5 is a better place to live when everyone has a level playing field. @CAPS5 is sensitive to some information, but the same information should not be blocked outright just because of @CAPS6 itself. Our country @CAPS5 is based on freedom of the press and speech, denial @CAPS5 denies our livelihood as a nation. To address this situation, we must all create a system of checks and balances to keep information out, while at the same time, from a guardian's perspective, protect it from young people until @CAPS5. Our country has many problems, but a few of them are the core values that @CAPS3, @CAPS6 uphold. In @CAPS6, @CAPS5 declares that we have freedom of the press and speech. This means we can post anything, whether it's inappropriate or not. It also protects any reader from being deprived of the information at their fingertips. This is just one example, within @LOCATION1, due to the laws laid out in @CAPS6, the local library must allow anyone who wants to find pornography on library computers. No matter how much @MONTH1 dislikes the idea of so much freedom, we can't ban works based purely on someone's discretion. The world of @CAPS5 is a constantly changing place with few given constants. This @CAPS5 is exactly the same with all types of information. No one can say what our society will accept or not accept in the future. At this moment, many sexual topics are quite offensive to many and considered unacceptable by the younger generation. The only problem with this @CAPS5 is how easy it is to get such information. The Internet @CAPS5 is where so much information, for better or for worse, passes through. Can't stop all this information, but limit it @CAPS5 our only hope. To create such restrictions, our libraries would likely need to have a system of checks and balances that would allow those with ordered consent or older access to these types of works. Persons aged @NUM1 or over are easily admitted to the sections containing these works, but persons under the age of @NUM1 must obtain a guardian's consent to enter these sections. A perfect example is '@CAPS10 @CAPS11 and @CAPS12 of @CAPS13' when @CAPS10 @CAPS5 @CAPS3 is allowed in restricted sections of the library unless he has a teacher's signed pass. This type of protection would still allow works to be released to the public, but would still prevent the younger generation from having any freedom to view items that are inappropriate for their age. As humans, we crave information, whether by looking, listening, or reading. Blocking any part of this experience @CAPS5 blocks our full potential. A lot of things are objectionable, but most of the life @CAPS5 is objectionable. Our Founding Fathers knew this and took it with him when writing @CAPS6, and now we have a @CAPS6 that protects all our information. This @CAPS5 is a very good thing, but some things need to be maintained by people who are too young to understand what they mean. We need to protect our freedom and we need to protect our children. To do this, we must create a program that allows those who want to see what they want and those who are too young to see what their guardians allow them to see.
I agree to review the readings. I know people who sell products want to grab attention and get people to buy what they're selling. I have a lot of experience with this because I read a lot of car magazines and sometimes they have a lot of models in them, but I'm your 17-year-old savage, and I can too, but with a lamt. My school is pretty good about this, they see a marker and put it behind, but they still let you read. I like this because it keeps bad apples away from themselves. I have a good relationship with my mom and dad and they did tell me that I could get it, but if it was nine or five cars and only five cars, they were okay with it. I said a thing about limt. All things have a limit, like how many hose-powered stock parts can take before the car breaks. I have restrictions on what I can buy I'm not yet eighteen I can only buy car magazines but it won't let me know I love cars and I send very little
What is offensive? How do we know what offends people, I mean everyone is different, everyone has their own ideas and beliefs. So how do we know what offended whom? Something I would find offensive is racism, sexism or religious discrimination. I think these types of things offend most people, but you can never be sure. Books are always books, you can't tell people what they can and can't write, can't be published because everyone has the right to freedom of speech. People always say what they want, but not everyone gets what they want. People need to be aware and understand this concept. If a book, magazine, song, movie, or any other type of written or sound recording offends someone, do not read, listen, or watch the item. No one can make someone watch or listen to something that offends them. For the most part, people always have the option to do what they want. Books, songs, movies, magazines, and many other things will always offend at least one person in the world we live in, but honestly, do we really care if it offends our feelings or beliefs? So I believe if it offends a person then they don't take it off the shelf, if they do it's their own personal problem, people can't tell people what they can or can't write, it's their life keep them alive.
Isn't there a saying in the world called a free country? I thought there were a lot of things in the world that people shouldn't see. But anyway, we'll find ways to see why it all contributes to things that people shouldn't see. There is something out there, we the people know nothing about the government and the world with our eyes. Then there are the things we show the world like @PERSON1, what a lot of people think happened to him is offensive. Not only that, but racism in general and the news why people put violent events in the news, such as murder stories, kidnappings and robberies, etc. People found it offensive and even scary to a lot of people, but we stuck with it. So no, I don't think it should have been removed from the shelves, or that all the things that were offensive to people were ever found to be located. Like that Marine died and gay supporters and protesters chanted (offensive) stuff near his funeral. Say thank god to dead soldiers, god hates the army. Nobody stopped it. If we as people are not going to get together and cooperate with each other on things that should or shouldn't be shown, what's the point of telling people what's offensive to you when you end up doing it. You'll do it without caring, without thinking about who you've hurt. Everyone has an opinion and wants to define it, but people are different and some people will always see it differently than you see it. So if you see something objectionable in a book, movie or outside. Don't look at it, don't read it, don't try to hear it from friends or strangers. Leave it alone. We put a lot of effort into hearing these offensive things when all you have to do is leave it alone. Then you won't even know it. Live a good life, don't worry about the negatives, let's focus on the positives you see.
"Can I read this?" @CAPS1 This question has been asked or been asked all over the world. @CAPS1 have their own right to read what they want, but do kids want to? There are books that children or young adults should and should not read. This @MONTH1 will be different because it depends on age, and how the reader understands the content of the book. Books kids shouldn't read are curses, smut and @CAPS4. In high school, there were books like "@CAPS2 and @CAPS3" that had curses in them. High school students aged @NUM1 or older can read. High school students understand and don't hear these words more than once. If teachers give this book to @NUM2 grade students, they will not understand its full potential for learning. A child of that age won't understand that the man is disabled, then the child won't understand the killing that the disabled person did, or why his friend killed him after that. Would parents let @NUM3 year olds read erotica? It depends on how the parent was raised and how feelings affect the child's development. @PERSON1's book is not suitable for a child of that age because the child will not and will not understand the book on their own. This book is not just a part of smut. The book for @PERSON1 has a Gothic and Romantic style. @NUM3 year olds don't develop a mature mindset. @CAPS4! '@CAPS4 is not the answer. ' Everyone has heard this. The word is said, but it is not followed. Young people play video games and read books related to @CAPS4 at school. '@ORGANIZATION1's don't @CAPS5' is a book about teens of color who attend white schools. This is a book for kids to understand things. If a cartoon is played for them and someone gets hit, a beginner kid will think it's funny. Kids will think it's a game and don't have enough context or maturity to understand what's really going on and that it's wrong to do so. Just by watching a TV show with hits or hits, the child will think it's okay to do so. In general, there will be @CAPS4, damnation and erotica. It depends on the parent and maturity of the person/child. There is a wrong and a right way, but for @CAPS1 it's not right for some minors to read curses, voilents or smut
Almost everyone has a movie they want to watch, or a book they want to read. What happens if they go to the library to check the catalog only to find that it has been removed from the system due to bad language or mild subject matter? I believe people should be able to choose what they decide to read and have their children read. Some parents simply don't allow much offensive material, while others don't mind it. Adult books and movies are also different from children's books and movies. Because different people like different content, it's not fair to remove offensive books, music or magazines from your shelves. Today, we live in a violent world where it is difficult to speak out violent and offensive material. For some, they want to avoid it at all costs, while others don't care or they love it. First of all, different people see the same content differently, the removed title @MONTH1 doesn't get a fair review. People who want to see the latest movie that just came out usually see some type of violence. With more advanced computers and technology, it was easier to add more special effects and moving violence to movies. In the book, they @MONTH1 have old languages that don't meet today's standards. For example, in @NUM1 and @NUM2, when the word 'gay' is used to mean happiness. Now that's a whole different word, it's a lot of old books and songs. Some @MONTH1 find this offensive, some @MONTH1 don't. Adult content is very different from child content. Adults have movies and music based on real life scenarios and stories, while most kids content is alphabet based and sung along. And adult movies like "@CAPS1" by @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS2 A @LOCATION1 based, @CAPS1 trained to be a hero. During his fight, he killed the creature he fought. So if the library starts censoring material, the classic @ORGANIZATION1 movie will be seen as violent. Adult movies are worse in every way. They involve curses, killings, gunfights and pornography. I won't go into details about adult movies. As an adult, one should be able to choose what they will watch and judge what they will let their children watch. Different people like different content, and it's up to them to decide what they watch and think it's fair to see violent content. For example, a person who grew up around a farm may be accustomed to seeing animals killed, while someone who grew up nearby has never seen animals killed. When they both watched a movie or read a book that killed animals, it had little effect on animals from the farm compared to animals from nearby. Think of a shootout scene in a movie or a death in a book. Soldiers in the military will kill and see death more easily than the company's @CAPS4. As mentioned earlier, different people like different types of content. All in all, I don't think there should be any censorship of library content. It should be up to parents to choose what to watch or read for their children. Adults can also judge what they let them see. In the end, again, different people like different content, and it's not fair for one person to choose what another person can or can't watch
Censorship should not be allowed in the library. I believe that even if the books, music, movies or magazines on the shelf are offensive, they should still be there. They are part of our history and the history we are making. If someone wants to read a book or magazine, there's a good chance they'll end up reading it. With the technology we have today, there are many ways to achieve these goals. You can find them online and read them or listen to them on your computer. Also, censorship in a library where everyone feels calm and comfortable can be offensive and even bring the library out of business. From what I have observed, most people already look for inappropriate or objectionable content on the Internet. Especially if they know it's something that can be censored. A lot of books and movies, even great ones, contain some objectionable content, but they are classics. Generation after generation, enjoying them. Now tell me, who wants to be unreasonable and take it away from anyone interested? Everyone should have access to these books, magazines, movies and music. Libraries should not censor them.
The library is filled with a wide variety of books, movies and magazines. These books, movies and magazines @MONTH1 are offensive to some people. Parents may not want their children to watch certain books or movies. Does this mean we should take down offensive books? If everyone decides to take a book or a movie from the shelf that they don't think is appropriate, there's nothing left in the library. Books contain adventure and life lessons that children and adults need. Toddlers need books to help them develop their imaginations. Children cannot learn or grow without books in the library. Movies are like books, but it's easier for younger kids to imagine movies than books. If you find this book or movie offensive, please choose another book or movie, but it should not be removed from the shelf. A book or a movie @MONTH1 may seem offensive to you, but @MONTH1 is not to another. A world without books. No imagination. No adventure. It will be a boring world. I'd rather have some offensive books than none at all. So that I can learn and see the adventures of the characters through my own eyes
Would you take a book off the shelf just because it offended you? If you say yes, how is it different from a white boy saying I can't study with this black girl in my class? Or if two people of different religions say he or she offends me because we don't believe in the same god. Just because someone is offended by a book or writing doesn't mean it should be removed from the shelf. In fact, if they don't like it, they don't have to read it or even watch it. One of the freedoms we have in America is to read whatever we want. Anyone taking anything off a shelf open to the public is depriving them of their liberty. In conclusion, no matter who offends, nothing can be taken off the public shelf. As Americans, we have the right to read or write anything we want, and removing offensive meter would take away our liberty
I don't think censorship has a place in our libraries. I know that libraries were created to provide information! public hub. If censorship is in place, a lot of books will disappear because they @MONTH1 are seen as offensive to the few.......................... ................................................................. ................................................................ ...................................................... ...................................................... ...................................................... ...................................................... ................................................... ................................................................. ................................................................ ..................................................................... ...................................................... ................................................................ ......................................
I do think libraries should review certain materials. Some things, like music and magazines, have bad language and wacky pictures in them. Some parents may not want their children exposed to this condition. Some parents may not know what their children are looking at in the library and want them to be safer. The easiest way to prevent your child from listening to inappropriate music or reading offensive books is to take them off the shelf. Some children go to the library without adult supervision and are free to look at any book they want. Children can easily single out an inappropriate book to read because there are no parents there to guide them. No one tells them what's wrong and what's right, so some kids may not know. That's why some books and music should be removed. You will have to have a waiter if you don't remove inappropriate books and music from the shelves. Waiters have to walk around and check what each kid is doing. It's going to be a lot of hectic work, and librarians are already busy enough. No one really wants to do this, so the easier solution is to remove books and music from the shelves. If you do want to keep music and books on your shelf, another option is to set an age limit on books and music to view them. Doing this can still lead to problems like kids reading in the library but never checking the hem. This is an easy way to bypass the system. Children can easily ask older friends to check the book for them so they can read it later. This is another example of how easy it is to bypass the system. Therefore, the easiest way to avoid problems with books and music is to remove them from the shelves. Doing so makes it harder for children to obtain inappropriate books and music. If someone needs to look at an inappropriate book for any reason, they can go elsewhere. This is the best and most effective way to protect and keep everyone safe
censorship? Have you ever been looking for a book and couldn't find it? Have you ever been to a library and the magazine you're looking for is behind everything on the top shelf? Well, if you have, you've been through censorship. Censorship is where things are kept out of the sun. One particular review location is the library's books and magazines. Most people today worry about something offensive in a book or magazine. The big question I ask is why? Well, I can tell you why. Most people today are too afraid of what other people think. Everything and everyone must be perfect. I strongly disagree with this because if someone writes a book, they shouldn't be afraid to put something in it because other people have to think about it. If they don't like it, then don't read it. I don't think one should shy away from libraries, because sometimes it can make this clear to some people. If there's an article on the shelf with an appealing picture, you'll stop and read it. If it has good news to send you will consider it. Then, once you think about it, you give your opinion on what that article says. If you have a positive opinion, you might go and pick up that magazine and read it. If you have a negative opinion of what it says, you won't even watch it the next time you go there. If you think something is too bad for someone else, so be it. That's your opinion and you own all rights to it. I don't hate you for your opinion or look at you any differently. The only thing I hope is that I can get my point across to you.
I don't think our libraries should have censorship. By reviewing our library, they are reviewing us. This should be democracy, not dictatorship. A good example of the censorship that happened recently was rewriting all of @PERSON1's books just because they used the "n word", which some people find offensive. The thing is, that's how they talked at the time, and that's how it was. People can't rewrite books just because they don't like the history behind them. They can change everything they want, but in the end it happens. We recite history so we don't make the same mistakes again, this is a great example. Music should not be censored. Music is a form of expression, and by censoring music, you are censoring the artist. They say they do what they do for a reason, and they work hard to create what they do. We should have freedom of speech, so why are we taking away those freedoms now just because a few people don't think it's appropriate. We don't let anyone listen to anything they don't want to hear. Each generation has its own style and music, its own problems and ways of coping; our generation is music, so let's express ourselves. Movies are censored for language and content, I know, but they shouldn't actually be removed from our library. If viewers are mature enough to handle it, they should be able to watch it. We don't need to remove swear words or remove inappropriate scenes so kids can see them. If they're really that bad, they don't need to watch their period until they're mature enough to deal with it. Magazines should be censored by maturity and age, just like movies. I agree that some movies are inappropriate, but it would be wrong to delete an article just because the person in charge didn't like what was said. We can't just stop all the bad things going on in the world and just pretend there's nothing wrong because the story isn't being told. People should know what happened. People should read, watch or listen to whatever they want. By censoring things, they just make us search to find them, so it's like a reward for us to see something other people think is so inappropriate that they're willing to go to great lengths to get rid of it. You can't please everyone, so let's decide for ourselves. Censoring our library is like censoring us. We have our constitution, we know our rights, why do people think they can change them now? They can't keep us silent by hiding things. We'll still find them, they'll just turn it into a tag game; so let's play
In the words of author Katherine Paterson, "All of us can think of a book that we wish our children or any other children didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to put That book is taken off the shelf - the job I hate - then you have the same rights, and so does everyone else. Then we don't have any of our books on the shelf. @CAPS1 is the world's countless books that will Offend someone in some way. If everyone expects everyone to understand how they feel, they are wrong. Everyone has the right to find out what others think, as long as they keep in mind that @MONTH1 doesn't always feel good about the outcome Satisfied. Certain books with harsh opinions or uncensored material can be found on every shelf. Throughout my years as a student, I've been looking for books with vulgar images and language. @PERSON1's drama "@CAPS2 "Describes him in a very rude way. Our class was absolutely amazed at the language and sexual innuendo involved. @CAPS2 was described as a "black ram" by his nemesis. Comments like this in the book can shape a young mind, Make them think swearing is appropriate. Unfortunately, that's how kids learn the nature of featured authors and the world outside the classroom. @PERSON1 also discusses the "trumpet" in "@CAPS2". Once a mind realizes These adult things, they see the world in a completely different way. Life must be tough for kids because their books and magazines show erotic pictures of girls and product ads. Magazines are the threshold for adult affairs. Once teenagers Or children start to lose their sense of reality and childhood when they see all the vibrant ads and beautiful models selling products. The photo-processed images of tall, tan and skinny models make girls' minds start thinking about this kind of life way. They started wearing short skirts, dieting and tanning, all because of an ad they saw in a magazine. Who doesn't want to be a model? When every actress, singer and model starts to look like a goddess, men they will imagine the perfect girl as the one they see on the billboard. After men paint the ultimate woman as the image they see, women will never reach their qualifications. An underrated cycle and right The perfect obsession makes the media more powerful. In short, the world has become addicted to the unrealistic fantasies offered by pornographic books and magazines. Crude reviews are found in the classics and have a powerful influence on the mind. Advertisements in magazines make Women feel worthless and men feel unfulfilled. Are you going to control your life or let the media?
Children today have many choices of books that they can or cannot read in the school library. Content they cannot read is censored. There are good reasons for the school system to review certain books, and I agree with this cooperation. The truth about why books are censored on school campuses is a case of many racist slurs, blasphemy, and inappropriateness. How many schools have racist books. Racism happens all the time in the book. In fact, one in fifty books contains racism. The big book is "@PERSON1" by @PERSON2. It was recently banned from all schools in @LOCATION1. People all over the world are trying to teach their children what to say and what not to say. Children learn some bad language from the books they read. Although some of these books still sit on school shelves. It is up to the children not to read them. Improper circumstances are the reason why schools only order some sports illustrated magazines. School librarians do not want children to see any nudity or violence in the books. Are you saying you want to blame them? I believe the school and the parents are doing the right thing. It is up to the child to decide whether to listen or not to listen to the parents. I believe censorship is a good thing for the @CAPS1 youth.
It's up to people outside to decide whether the weather or not there is censorship of children's books. Some parents don't want their children to grow up to read books like that. Elementary school kids don't know there's profanity in the books they get. I don't think all elementary and middle schools should have any censored books. Yes, some parents don't care what their kids read. Think about those that do. Not everyone has the courage to say something to the school. I only have censored books in my kid's school if you ask me. Again, high school students are old enough to throw a book and decide if they want to get that book. Yes, some parents still care about their children after entering high school, but high school students are old enough to make their own decisions. Some students @MONTH1 don't know what book they have until they start reading, but that's when they turn around and exchange it. I think high school students are smart enough to choose their own books. That's why I think censored books and magazines etc. should be removed from elementary and middle school, not high school. If you agree, you can do something about it. Talk to your child's school
left on the shelf? Certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., will often contain objectionable information that many people wish to censor. The people who wrote these projects didn't make them purely offensive, the way people got the information was the main factor. People choose whether or not to believe certain things for themselves, and with that comes their personal opinion. If books and magazines that are found to be offensive should not be removed from the shelves, this may cause more problems for the public and those who disagree with what has been taken out and who do not find them offensive. Offensive to one person, not offensive to the next, @MONTH1. Items removed due to one person's complaint should not even be considered. Whether it's a book, magazine, or music, the author has a purpose, not to hurt someone's feelings. For example, a book about slavery might offend a white man, but a black man would think it was about his history. People can find a lot of objectionable things by reading the title or listening to a lyric in a song, but that doesn't mean they have to read the book or keep listening to the song. Others are enjoying the book, and this song is probably something others look forward to every day. These magazines and books can also be considered informative. Some of the material in the magazine @MONTH1 is not acceptable to some people, but they can get a lot of new information from it. If everything found objectionable is removed from the shelves, there is a good chance there is nothing left. Removing them can lead to confusion for someone trying to learn more about a disease when another person with the disease doesn't want to tell their story. Certain offensive material can only offend so many people, and what doesn't offend them may offend the next. Announcement articles and books should not be removed from library shelves as they serve only as a source of knowledge. Library censorship can also turn off those who are just interested. A lot of people like to read and rent movies just for fun, but if the book or movie doesn't sound interesting, it doesn't generate any profit. What is considered offensive to one person may be in the interest of another. In my experience, teenagers are interested in a lot of action and romance movies and books. They often contain a lot of physical and sexual content as well as a lot of foul language. Older people won't be interested in vulgar language and content, they'll think they offend the girl or boy in the story, and wonder why it's even being read. Most people would even say that books and movies can be demeaning to some people, but that's what interests teens and makes them want to read more because they can't wait to see what happens next. Removing items like these will keep teens away from reading and watching a lot of movies because it doesn't pique their interest. Scenarios and facts in material that may offend others are usually not intentional. People are not forced to read and observe things that offend them. Everyone is different and things that offend my neighbor @MONTH1 don't offend me. Chances are there will always be something that will offend at least one person. The more we get used to it, the fewer people will actually encounter items that offend them. They @MONTH1 are still internally offended, but it doesn't matter because they'll realize that not everyone is offended by the same things
Should material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be found objectionable, should it be removed from the shelves? Censorship can be a big deal, depending on who you ask or where you go, some people think it's necessary so kids don't get into these things they find in the library, or some @MONTH1 think it's less important. Books are an important part of people's lives, learning, etc. and they are read for many different reasons, but some subject books are about @MONTH1 that are incorrect or may be inappropriate or may be against all beliefs or religions of someone. I personally don't think censorship is necessary to keep something out of the library, it's just something that shouldn't let anyone walk into a library and pick up material from library shelves that might not be suitable for children or people @MONTH1 Discovery aggression should be kept away from another secluded part of the library and clearly marked what the purpose of this room is, so that people will know clearly and not really risk stumbled upon the material. Another reason to not need to censor @MONTH1 is that anyone can find something offensive or inappropriate for @MONTH1 in the library, if not easier, at any time of the day at @CAPS1 or on the internet turn up. There is some censorship in @CAPS1, but not enough to remove the influence that @CAPS1 shows or movies or internet sites can have on the minds of young people and children today, such as violence, drugs, language, and racism that are present in almost everything today. Children and young people today should be taught what's wrong, even if they do think it's stupid or unrealistic when they mature in movies, magazines, books, mostly @CAPS1, and don't get involved in those activities. Even though I know all the inappropriate and harmful things in today's culture, I still think censorship is unnecessary. Even though I know the impact it could have on their future if they saw it and how harmful it is to other people who see it in movies, books, or even hear it in music, if they could see Seeing and hearing those who are affected by these things, they know to stay away from the bad and just go with the flow. All in all, censorship is not necessary, it may come in the future, but if everyone is led in the right direction, they will want to make the right decision to stay away from harmful books, movies, music, magazines and other such things.
Are you @CAPS1 are you @CAPS2? Censorship is a sensitive topic in today's society. People ask, 'How much should @CAPS3 censor? Even "Should there be a censorship of @CAPS9?" @CAPS4's opinion is that censorship should be left to parents of children who are reading, listening, or watching material. Television networks and reading companies, including publishers and libraries, cannot replace parents. I believe that if parents are not responsible enough to care about the @CAPS1 their children are reading, the distributors of the material will not be punished. In the @CAPS4 experience, the @CAPS4 mom was involved in censoring my offensive material from a very young age. She's always interested in @CAPS1 I'm reading. Occasionally, she browses a book or reading on her own to think @CAPS2 is right for me. The @CAPS4 mom also reviews @CAPS4 music by browsing the @CAPS4 music player and playing a song or two every once in a while. @CAPS9 discourages me from listening to anything @CAPS4 mom disapproves of. I also went through a review of the @CAPS4 local library. The library is divided into sections, starting with children's books. These books are suitable for young minds without objectionable material. The @CAPS9 section points to young adults, then adult books. Music also falls into these categories. I believe @CAPS9 is acceptable because there are materials and music that little kids shouldn't have access to. From reading @PERSON1's book @CAPS5 @CAPS6, I observed that parents need to be involved in @CAPS1, their children are reading, listening and watching. In the @CAPS9 book, @PERSON2's parents just leave him alone when he's in the room. They let him listen to his own music and watch @CAPS1 as he wants. @CAPS9 led him to a @CAPS7 metal band called "@CAPS7 @CAPS8". The @CAPS9 band influenced him to commit homicide at school, killing 10 students. @CAPS9 is the worst case of no review at all. Violence can have a big impact on young children; therefore, they should not be exposed to it until they are mature. Reading through @CAPS4, my position is that the government has no right to censor the entire population. The novel "@CAPS10 @NUM1" is an example of taking censorship to the extreme. Their society prohibits reading, except for comic books and pornographic magazines. @CAPS9 shows that without the rights of @CAPS2, society is reduced to very simple, uneducated creatures. It is impractical to censor the reading of the whole person. The point of @CAPS4 is that once a person is an adult, no matter what they choose, they will have common sense and maturity with @CAPS2. Censorship is hard to take a stand because there are so many positives and negatives to consider. @CAPS4's position on the important topic of @CAPS9 is that parents should be the ones reviewing their children's reading, not the government or reading companies. Once a person is an adult, their right is to choose whatever they like @CAPS2. Reading is a magical thing and shouldn't deter adults who are prepared to experience it fully. As long as society maintains a balance between the outcome of "@CAPS5 @CAPS6", which is not censored, and the outcome of "@CAPS10 @NUM1", which is fully censored, I believe we have reached the right balance. Censorship is good for children, but restrictive for adults.
Many believe that libraries should be censored in one form or another to keep certain types of books away from people. How does this really help? Just because you remove certain books or music from your library doesn't mean people still won't get the same information from elsewhere. Except that many things that people should be scrutinized are probably not that bad. I think it's better for some people to read something that happened to them and then go experience it. Like Katherine Paterson said, if we get people out of music books that they don't think are good for people to read or listen to, what are we left with. there is nothing! By people thinking that censoring the library is for the greater good, it has too many bad sides and not many good ones. When people try to censor things, they usually just take it off the shelf and throw it away. However, in today's technological world, that doesn't stop people from achieving their goals. We have the internet that allows people to upload books and music to share. So yes, many of you can't buy a book at the library, but you can almost always find it online. As a result, trying to censor libraries by removing books and music is really doing anything. How do you decide what should be censored? People have different ideas about what is OK and what is not OK for the public. Some of the removed books may insult a group of people because it relates to them in some way. Then you lose business and drive people crazy at the same time. In a way, wouldn't it be better for people to learn about bad things like crime and death in a way that's untrue and doesn't hurt? When something like this happens in a book, they usually don't stop there. They show how the outcome or situation was handled. This may help those who encounter the same situation later in life. This makes it difficult to determine what should and should not be reviewed. Kathryn Patterson even said that if we let people censor what they think is immoral, nothing will be left. Everything will pass because everyone in the world will find every book and they may find it bad. Even if some people agree that a book should be reviewed, there are people who hold the opposite view. If we censor the library, no books will be left because one can find something bad or immoral in every book. Overall, reviewing a library ends up being more pain than it's worth. It doesn't stop people from getting information in another way. There is no way to decide what should be reviewed. Also, censoring something will lead people to want to censor something else, which will lead to nothing. In conclusion, censorship doesn't really stop people and ends up causing bigger problems.
Dear Newspaper Staff, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is @PERSON1 I @CAPS3 to @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 I am in @NUM1 grade. The reason for this letter is that I believe certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if they are objectionable. The reason I think it should be done is because kids know that people's heads are everywhere, from pronouns to games to bad music, etc. In @CAPS7 books, magazines, movies, there are things that shouldn't be in them. When kids get a hole in it, they act like they've never seen anything like it. When they use their computer, they visit websites they know they shouldn't. If we didn't have these things, we wouldn't have to worry about loud music, viruses on computers, and maturing books. But know that people can do a lot to get everything. If someone just removed all the objectionable stuff from the shelves. This is so wonderful for everyone. If they put all the material in there, the problem will grow. When they take it off everything turns into a grate
What range of reading should the public world read? There are many different types of reading and music, and many people have it as a hobby. Books have been around for centuries and can create a whole new world for readers. The latest gossip can be found in many magazines. Music is sometimes said to help people cope with life's problems. Movies can open up people's imaginations and make people feel emotional about an unimportant subject. All these make up people's lives. Without these enjoyments, what would people do in their free time? Books, magazines, music and movies should not be removed. They are huge elements that make up society and make life what it is. Books and magazines are two interesting things that people like to read. Fiction or non-fiction? Whether books are real or fake, they create stories that people are interested in. Reading is a hobby that has existed since ancient times. There are many different options for reading, such as adventure, mystery, comedy or love story. People will always read anyway. Most of the books I read are sad and sometimes creepy, but these are stories that captivate people. Magazines are often picked up at the grocery store checkout. People love to read gossip and learn about the latest trends. Magazines provide people with a kind of self-indulgence. When reading an interesting headline, most people can't help but pick up the magazine and learn about other people's lives. Music is used for many different things. It is often heard while driving on the road. Many people fall asleep to soothing instruments that emit beautiful melodies. The lyrics in the song are about ordinary people and sometimes it can help a person through tough challenges. Different beat songs can change people's mood. On most @DATE1 nights, one can always see that the cinema is very crowded. Movies bring imaginations and stories that people can watch and follow. Most people cry when watching a movie with a sad ending. While not always true, it touches people on an emotional level. Movies can bring things to life. Life is caused by a variety of factors. All people think differently and like different things. Books, magazines, music and movies are all about people's likes and dislikes. Taking them off the shelves because they're offensive or doesn't always feel good doesn't make our world a better place. If anything, it will take away the happiness in the world. These things make people feel different in ways that cannot be described. Most of the time, the objectionable things are facts. Why hide the real thing? What would writers, musicians, and actors do if they couldn't do something just because it might offend a few of the millions? All of this is comforting to some. Books, magazines, music and movies make the world and everyday life a reality. They are simple things in life, but once they disappear, they disappear by a huge gap. Things are fun and creative thanks to books, magazines, music and movies. In my own experience, books keep me interested in the subject, magazines fulfill my desire to read celebrities, music makes me feel happy when I'm sad, and movies make me feel like I can feel the same emotions as the characters. They shouldn't be taken off the shelves just because they're objectionable, they're part of life.
In this article, I will be writing about the library book. Also, if they are potentially objectionable books and may or may not be removed by the library. I think libraries have the right to put any material, like books, music, movies, magazines, etc. on their shelves. Well, in my opinion, I don't think they should remove any books because the folks at @MONTH1 thought it might be objectionable, but the rest of @MONTH1 loved the books. So no, I don't think they should remove anything because some people have different opinions on different books. When I go to the library, they are books that I can like or dislike, but that's just my opinion. Some people may like a book that I don't like or hate, but I don't think these books should be removed from the shelf because some people might like it and some won't. I don't think they should remove books because these are books for people to be interested in books they want to read or learn about the past or just fiction books. I just talked about the article I just wrote to other people trying to pick out books and whether they should take books off the shelf
Books are an extremely important part of literature. Many different people have different opinions on different kinds of books. Some people like to read books, some people don't. Some people are speed readers, some are not. Reading is a personal task. Your reading abilities, interests and preferences are different from others. The main idea here is preference. You @MONTH1 like a certain genre or theme and others @MONTH1 find it offensive. But just because other people don't like it, does that mean you shouldn't be able to enjoy it for yourself? Just because it's in the library, doesn't mean you have to check it out. Just because it's a new release from the bookstore and everyone loves it, doesn't mean you have to buy it. Others can avoid topics they don't like. For example, if the local library takes out all drug- and alcohol-related books because they find them objectionable, the fact that they take them out may offend others who like them. Also, there are things that may offend some people that may be critical to others' research. Then there are people @MONTH1 who don't have the resources they need available. If it's music, movies or magazines, it should be treated the same way. People can choose what they want to buy and rent. If an artist or actor offends them, they should find something else and leave @CAPS1 or the movie for others to enjoy. They shouldn't complain. How would someone feel if they found their favorite band's music offensive, and then no one could rent it from the library or buy it anywhere? Then people understand that everyone has their own way and not everyone will like what they do. I think knowing that everyone is different and special in their own way should show that everyone will enjoy something different on a different level. Every book, movie, @CAPS1, magazine, and anything else, should be left for people to enjoy, hope you find something you like too
The people of the world @MONTH1 will always find what they find objectionable and others will not. In this case, I think if it's in a public library, they really need to look at what they put on the shelf. If a kid robs a playboy from a teenage section, the library could be sued. The library should be a place where people can read books or find some information about any school assignments they have. Books on anatomy are an exception, but if the library has a book like Sex for Dummies, then @CAPS1 is required in the facility. The same goes for movies, if someone wants that material, they need to go somewhere else to find it. Exposing these types of movie clips and images could be harmful to future @LOCATION1 children. If our world is falling apart because kids can't find the right information they need, it shows we deserve it. The kinds of movies we watch, the ads we follow, the music we listen to the most, and many other things are what make people real. Today, the magazines that people read may be completely harmless, but with advertisements. It says @CAPS2 @CAPS3 or All @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and these can be found in many magazines like @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and sometimes @CAPS8. these ads. Totally unnecessary. If people did more research on this, then we wouldn't have to fight as much about it. These things that people find offensive are harsh and cruel things to show to our young readers, writers, and musicians. These types of things can influence kids to do things that Americans and non-Americans find so offensive. So libraries need to know what you put on their shelves and be aware of the consequences.
Censorship is a difficult topic to discuss. Everyone has a different opinion of what is and isn't acceptable in a library due to what's in some books, music, movies, and magazines. When you start censoring what information some people have access to, they get mad, which can lead to an uproar of protests. However, certain materials should have age restrictions. So how can you tell what content is appropriate for younger children and teens? For movies, music and magazines, there is already an age limit to buy or rent them. For movies, the rules in the library should be the same as anywhere else. It should be that you have to be 17 or older to get anything rated @CAPS1. I'm not sure what the age is to watch unrated movies, but for the library it should be the same as anything else. Anything else, should be open to people of all ages. Music is also a controversial material for censorship. If there is an explicit label on @CAPS2, you must be over 18 to view it. The reason is, some music may contain violent lyrics and you shouldn't be listening to it unless you're eighteen. When you hear music that offends you, you have to be smart enough not to listen to it. Anything that any artist wants to say on @CAPS2 can be recorded and kids shouldn't be exposed to it until they feel responsible enough to know what they should and sometimes shouldn't listen to. Printed materials are the hardest to review. Personally, I don't think any book should be kept by anyone. The only books that should be kept secret from some people are magazines. Again, magazines can contain some graphic content and can only be kept secret from those under the age of 18. There are some things kids shouldn't see, but if you're a legal adult and want to read any kind of book, you should be able to use it. Use any of these materials and it should be available to you in the library. It's a place to find out how a writer, film director, music artist or magazine editor feels about the world. If we censor material in libraries, we are denying the public's knowledge of the real world. In addition, we will revoke the right to freedom of speech granted to us. I don't make fun of books because I know that what anyone writes is, in their eyes, the truth. It's a form of self-expression, and by preventing someone's work from being released to the world, you're taking away the right to free speech.
Magazines and Books I'm writing an article on whether we should take books, magazines or movies off shelves if they have bad language or play violent roles in them. We should first find out how many people like such a book, movie or music. @CAPS3 I personally love books @CAPS3 that contain violence and graphic language, which makes this book even more interesting. When it comes to music, their parents need to be very careful about what they let their children listen to. @CAPS1 announcers need to watch what they air @CAPS3, some of which can be pretty bad for kids. The second thing is, is it okay for kids to read these kinds of books? I don't think it's appropriate for children under 14 to read about violence or hear graphic words. But it's not up to me, they need to survey the parents of these kids to see what they think about it. @CAPS3 It's up to them if they want their kids to listen to or read material like this. It also depends on the children's parents what kind of music they listen to. @CAPS3 @DATE1 has more cerse words than at any time in the history of music, as are books and magazines. Magazines can sometimes be very vivid when it comes to pictures. I don't really read the magazines @CAPS3 myself, they don't really interest me, I'd rather sit and read what's on @CAPS1. And then the third and final argument is how we can make our American libraries more scrutinized for kids. I think the library should have different rooms with different types of books. @CAPS3 If you only had one library where anyone could go and pick up any book they wanted, kids would go straight to books that were fun or not kid-friendly. They should do it, so you have to be a certain age to view books with bad language or graphic pictures or not suitable for children. That's why I think books need to be in the right hands and not the kids. Kids at their age don't need to know bad language @CAPS3 it's a bad habit for kids and then they go to school and say them. Reading books that talk about beatings or murders makes little kids' minds feel that it's okay. it's not good for me
Curses, violence, gang activity, murder, etc. All of these are factors in the books and music we have today. Do you think these items should be reborn? If books or music contain these types of information, it will influence the choices children and adults make about what they do in life. I think, yes, books and music should be censored. The number one supporting reason why I should review books and music is that children and adults get a huge impact from the information. Looking at the world today; murders, gang violence, and even abuse are happening. If a book or a song is an ad about murdering someone, or something 9 out of 10 people think is "cool", why not do it? As people follow uncensored books and songs, it leaves dead people, prisoners, and bad choices. Most people want to focus on what an artist or writer is doing because they are famous, which causes peer pressure. The second reason books and music should be reviewed is the simple fact of respect. Some books or music offend people because of their race, religion or appearance. You'll find that most of the criticism comes from music rather than books, but it does happen. Young children and teens should not listen or read about racism, sex, how to use drugs, etc. Books and music that have ads for these kinds of things are disrespectful to parents and what they teach their children. The message from the book or song is basically saying go against your parents and do it. A person should be able to sit and listen to a good song or a book without being disrespected and offended. My ultimate reason for reviewing books and music is the reputation it will have or have. Books and music, like people, send the wrong message and give others a bad name. For example, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 tend to have a lot of bad news songs, so most people think all @CAPS3 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are bad. If songs and books are censored, there is no stereotype for a certain music, or books have the best information. If they or their children could listen or read that type of material, a normal person would base it on the first song or book they heard/read. Love, positive messages, things that influence good, these are the things most people want to hear or read. If books and music were censored, there would be no more curses on the radio, no bad ideas for those affected, and less violence. Again, yes, I think books and music should be reviewed.
I don't think they should be removed at all. They show a person's opinion on something. We can't ignore it just because we don't like what it says. Like we said black people are not allowed here because we don't like the way you look. Or just anyone we don't like the way they look. I think anyone who wants to express themselves should be able to not worry about censorship. I @MONTH1 disagree with all the statements they make, but they deserve a fair shot like everyone else. You should age limit based on content so you don't let kids read content they really shouldn't. I can delete a book because it offends me. Then I can close a franchise because it offends me. People are offended by little things, and should be done unless other people have a different opinion. It's like judging a person's race. They have different morale and values and you can't just change one person. Like if you don't like this article, please don't read it. Don't say that others don't understand it because of your point of view. I don't think there should be a review.
There are many opinions on library review. Some people believe that books should be removed if they are offensive in any way, while others believe they should be kept because of differing views on what is classified as "offensive". I believe books should stay on the shelf because all people see things differently and its free will allows people to pick them up. No one is forcing them to read. I believe it's just a matter of opinion when books, music, movies and magazines publish objectionable material. I feel like people have different opinions on what they see fit. For example, a magazine article containing information about wrongdoing by a political establishment or a cartoon of a certain candidate. Some politicians may find the article offensive and see it as a jab at them, while others see it as a take on the matter. Another example is a book about religious purposes. For example, a book about @CAPS1 religion. If the information paints them as some kind of stereotype, some @CAPS2 might find it offensive, but others @MONTH1 see it as educational learning. I also think it's kind of in line with the idea of free will. No one can force a person not to read a certain book or listen to a certain song. Free will enables us to read, listen and watch whatever we like. I feel like if someone goes and asks us to take a book off the shelf, it takes away one's free will, and @MONTH1 will come to rent the book that day. It's up to the individual to decide what they will read and their opinion on the matter. I also feel that these types of media should remain on the shelves for learning and educational purposes. I believe that even though some of those books or movies may have some offensive lines or phrases, that doesn't mean the whole thing is offensive. I think libraries are places where people can go and research information. Finding some of @MONTH1's material offensive to someone doesn't offset the rest of the book and marking it as a "mistake". I think we have to decide what we think is right in the book and exclude what we think is objectionable, otherwise many informative books will not be available today. Libraries are where our free will comes into play. I feel that offensive in books, music, movies and magazines is based on personal opinion and should never be removed from the library. These books all contain information that can be viewed in different ways, and it is up to the public to decide for themselves what is offensive and what is acceptable. I believe no one should decide for us
Can you think of a book that you wish your kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelves? But if you had the right to delete the book, would you? I believe that if I find a book, magazine, music or movie of any kind offensive, I won't delete it because everyone has the right to have an opinion, even if it is offensive. Also, rather than removing these materials entirely, they can be reworked in a way that suits them in a less objectionable way. First, no one should have the right to remove material they deem objectionable. Because if people were allowed to do that, the world would have no music, books, movies, magazines, or anything to entertain itself. It will also spark a big battle because many people don't find something objectionable as others do, and when those who find the material objectionable start removing things that others don't find objectionable, a big battle Riots will start. Second, why start removing material if it can be remade into a more appropriate way? Maybe instead of deleting everything, why not find the poster and see if you can make it a vaulger of @NUM1 or less. The same goes for music, movies and magazines. So, in conclusion, everyone has the right to express their opinion, offending or not. I don't think if I ever come across something that offends me, I'm not going to do anything about it. Because maybe the person who wrote the book or the movie is expressing their feelings, and you can't tell others how to feel or express yourself. So instead of taking the material off the shelf, consider that someone is just expressing their feelings and has a right to their opinion like you do
Is there something wrong with an empty @CAPS1 @CAPS2 review? There are about @NUM1 billion people in the world today. All of these people make up different groups with different morals, ethics, beliefs and views of the world. With that in mind, there is a question of what's wrong and what's right. The three themes that will be discussed in this article are censorship, expression, and society. Being censored will label things that say this article is inappropriate for anyone to see or hear. Censorship is to protect people from raw materials deemed inappropriate or cruel. Music is censored for the topics or things it talks about, whether it's sex, drugs, or politics. This applies to movies, magazines, newspapers, television or other forms of media. The reasons for censoring something vary from place to place. To some people, expressing one's inner thoughts about the world or a region in general can be tragic. For others, expression gives us a chance to see who might be the next @CAPS3 vinci, @PERSON1 or any other great thinker in the world. Censoring these people can and will be scary. Just because someone thinks they look different doesn't mean they're evil in the world. True, their work can cause problems, but their ideas should not be shunned by the world. The material they make should be seen aloud by anyone of any age. Society has a big problem. Societies or how a person should behave in public varies around the world. Therefore, what is censored here will not be censored elsewhere. It also means that what is wrong or right is different for everyone on the planet. Society will have a huge impact on what people living in society see or hear aloud. If society disagrees with the idea of something, society will ban it. If this is allowed to continue, nothing will speak its mind out loud. So @CAPS2 is a censorship bug? Censorship is unfair to those who think differently than others. If someone can censor someone else, the person being censored can in turn censor the person who is censoring them because of that person's opinion. So yes, it is wrong to censor anything or anyone because of their ideas, morals, ethics, rules, laws, beliefs or actions. Everything should exist loudly and be visible or heard by anyone who wants to study the subject. In conclusion, censorship, speech, and society will always have views, but none of those views should be hidden from anyone or anyone.
If content in the library is deemed objectionable, @CAPS1 should stay on the shelf anyway. Maybe the media is inappropriate for many, but a few will still value the media because of @CAPS1. Get a kid cake because @CAPS1 has too much icing to irritate most kids (and adults). If a book, album, movie or magazine is known to contain offensive or inappropriate material, @CAPS1 should be aligned with other @CAPS1 genres and not be exiled to the furthest corners. When people view such media @CAPS1, they should be asked to state that they are comfortable with the fact that their media may contain inappropriate and/or offensive content. I personally find @CAPS2 @CAPS3 or, in the context of the song, @ORGANIZATION1 appealing. Every time I look up these poems, I have to accept an agreement that I'm comfortable with @CAPS1's violent or hateful content. Although, I do agree that @CAPS1 should not be made available to anyone who wants to read (or listen to) new content without their consent. I believe it is enough to simply ask customers if they are comfortable with a certain form of media content. No one wants to settle for less or no frosting, and they shouldn't.
Some material may be considered offensive by some. It may contain language, racial slurs or any other potentially objectionable content. Personally, I believe that anyone should have the right to read or watch whatever they choose. These books or movies are released for entertainment or learning purposes. Some things do happen, like @LOCATION1, a lot of people want to forget about it, but no matter which way you take it, it happens and we can't change it. This can tell the next generation that it's a bad idea and shouldn't have happened in the first place, so they won't do it. Language is an important part of today's world, and many people don't like a bad word. They put these in the movie to emphasize something important because everyone remembers the word. I know it's not always needed and can be taken out, but for some movies a certain word can make or break a scene. There's a lot of damnation in some movies, but that doesn't mean it's a bad movie. Some of the best movies I've seen have too many bad words to count, but the storylines are amazing. What you get out of watching these movies isn't a curse, but the protagonist's success is something you find interesting and worth your time. As for library books, we should have a separate section for these objectionable materials, so that a young, innocent child wouldn't be curious about them. Put up signs warning people about this section and put special stickers on books to warn parents. In conclusion, objectionable material is not always bad and should not be removed from the shelf, just possibly moved to a different location. Get people to read what they want to read.
As far as opinions go, everyone has one. It is only in certain situations that people's opinions are really valued. When it comes to debates about serious situations like "censorship," those who agree and those who don't will argue. Agreeing that a reason, such as "inappropriate book removal", should not be omitted. At the age of children, teens and young adults, their minds are very curious. If interested in something, they will go out and find relevant information, if the adult does not provide the appropriate information. Books, magazines, newspapers, novels, etc. are public reading materials for all to read. Hiding it is like taking away their right to be told. Not all reading material is harmful to the mind and eyes of teenagers. The question is how parents can get them to accept what they see. The maturity level must be high enough for the child to understand what they are looking at. It would be useless for adults from what they hide until @NUM1 when they are legally obligated to consume any form of knowledge. The easiest way is to have adults and children have a sit-down chat for better understanding. Taking novels and books out of the library openly, even at school, is nothing more than maximizing a child's curiosity. Some will believe that this will convince children to go out and experience it for themselves so they know what it is and what to expect later in life. Depending on the child's behavior, doing so can, could, and @MONTH1 be harmful and dangerous. When the easiest solution is just to approve that child to read and get an education. So if one person in the millions doesn't like a book because they feel it will greatly influence one child to do something wrong, the other child who is trying to keep themselves away from it can't be taught because someone doesn't care about it Hate it and think reading is very inappropriate for people like children. Agreeing to remove information from the library is absolutely pointless, @MONTH1 is an inconvenience for someone @MONTH1 who has decided to research something. Honestly, books and novels are there for a reason. The reason is to entertain, inform and educate. By removing all sources, all who agree to the cause should also agree to the fact that they have no remorse for the outcome of how children grow up and become who they never wanted them to be.
Libraries have so many books and they cover everything, so what's the point of taking a book off the shelf. If people want to read bad stuff, I'd say let them read what everyone needs to read, maybe that's the only book some people like to read. Therefore, removing these books does not help. I think some of the bad books that are off the shelves are good books, but there are bad things in them, and any book is a good book. If something is so bad that it needs to be taken down, it must be interesting for a reason. People get mad at books they don't want their kids to read, or get mad at for not coming up with that idea. If you don't want your kids to read it, tell them not to make reading enjoyable for older adults who don't care. Most people like to read messy things. Music and movies are another story. Bad movies shouldn't be released for everyone to watch movies the same way they read books, because kids might get a bad book, and there's no means of bad stuff right now. But the movie shows you how bad things show up. Music can also teach you how to do bad things and make them look cool just like they do. But I still think you should be able to have what you want to choose and if you have kids you are his boss and you can tell him not to do bad things
In all libraries, you can choose which book to choose. So if you want to read books without censorship, or if you want censorship, then you can. Libraries shouldn't take books away because of the content, and honestly, it should be the reader's choice and no one else's. When choosing a book, you have to think, do I really want to read this book? The back of each book will give you a small description to get a little inside so you can know if you want to read the book. I do believe if it suggests you shouldn't let small children read them, but in high school we pretty much make choices for ourselves. Music shouldn't be censored because if a song says something you don't want to hear, like a curse or something suggestive, then turn it around. You don't have to sit down and listen to a song, you can change it with the click or push of a button. The songs on the radio are for enjoyment and entertainment, so you choose to go to that station and listen to the music in it, you make a choice, and no one can do it for you. For movies, they have instructions on the back of what's in the movie and the ratings, if you don't want to see a movie with poor language or content, you shouldn't choose the movie in the first place and put it on the case. It's clear what's in there. On a movie box, it can even give you pictures of certain scenes, and if they look a little suspicious, put them back together and choose another movie. Magazines aim to tell the truth, and sometimes the truth is hard. Magazines are displayed on store shelves, and the front will tell you exactly what the magazine itself is about. If you're really bothered by certain languages, throw the magazine away and see if it's for you. Libraries shouldn't get rid of books just because of some content, a walking person should know what's in the library and what they'll find. In the library they have categories where certain topics are in, by selecting it you are saying you understand what type of book it will be
Should or shouldn't libraries have objectionable books, music, magazines? Some people like things differently than you or anyone else who likes you @MONTH1 finds some things offensive, but also some things you don't like @MONTH1 love and want to read. If you like something and want to read it, but other people don't like it and think it offends them, they should take it off their public library shelves because of what that person said. I don't think the idea should be taken off the shelf for something like this because there might be someone in school who needs something like this and it's not appropriate for a child, but what if there's a kid who needs it in high school or college A project for a book to do this sort of thing, but yeah, I do think little kids shouldn't see or hear or read things that shouldn't be mastered because parents don't have to worry about them going to the library where kids will see what they don't want what they saw. There are a number of ways that people who work in libraries can prevent children from seeing or hearing things their parents don't want. Some of the ways you can do this is to put all the books and music like that in a section of the library where you must be of a certain age to read or listen to them. No matter how you look or dress, the library has something for everyone. As a human being, you have the right to go into a public library and find something to read, whether it has some curse words or violence in reading. If you're reading these types of books or books, then you should be comfortable with your age and not worry. You hear and see everything you read today, so I don't see the difference between kids hearing it or seeing it because you see it pretty much everywhere now. you really can't get rid of it
First, libraries are a great source of information. At the same time, library information can have advantages and disadvantages. Some information should only be seen by adults. Have you ever wondered what would happen if your child got an adult book? Is there any way we can prevent this? Next, you can find information about everyday life. You can find them in magazines, movies, music and books. You have explicit music, artist curses, and inappropriate words. In my past experience, several book authors have just talked about her sex life. I also have experience with magazines like '@CAPS1'. All of these must be kept away from the library or in parts out of the reach of children. Third, parents should supervise their children whenever they go to public places. The library should be divided into different parts. In the library, music is not really needed. They can throw the music away. Also, at the same time, kids shouldn't be exposed to books, but they must eventually learn about these things in life. The committee should hold a contest where people of any age in the community can write an essay to express their opinion. Finally, I came up with a plan to solve this situation. Personally I don't think they should throw these books away because that's how people make a living and some people actually like these things. So they should have an adult section in the library where you have to be @NUM1 or older to enter and have an ID to prove it. Also, you must have membership in the department. That way we don't have to worry about censoring the books, etc. Children will not be able to continue this section. In conclusion, the library is a good source of information. So they shouldn't throw out these books, music, magazines and movies. Libraries can have different sections for certain things and people of certain ages. so they don't need censorship
I think you have the right to delete setian books, movies, music, magazines, but only if they are not suitable for certain people and children. Some people like it others don't it all depends on who you are. If I go to the library and the book I want is on the restricted list, the library should charge a small fee, some between @MONEY1 to @MONEY2 depending on the type of book. For example, if I wanted the movie @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM1 and it was fixed, I would pay something like a red box rental fee. That's what I thought about rebasing the sertion project from the library. -@PERSON1
People walking on the surface of our planet sometimes feel the need to ban something, or at least get some dirt on it, to make people think about it less. That's how our world works when it comes to things you can't stand, but why bother, what are they trying to get rid of? If someone took the time to make it, then we should all have access to it. I disagree with censorship in our world. The local library is a great place to buy books, movies and information. How this can be such a great resource for people once it's all gone, especially considering some of the world's greatest books are the target of scrutiny. I believe Katherine Paterson has a very valuable saying, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us." Because it's true. People don't just stay in one place, and once things are gone, they keep looking for things they hate, which will result in people not being able to enjoy what they want. When I was younger, I remember going to the library all the time to watch @CAPS1 movies and books. I have personally seen a book removed due to censorship, and while I don't fully understand it, I feel like if I read it, I'll be grounded. It's also not good for kids because they shouldn't be afraid to read something. We live in a place where there is freedom of speech, but that right seems to be disappearing. There are many more ways to see censorship and how it affects libraries, such as actually reading some cases of trying to ban books. Although most are not banned now, the world is very unpredictable. At school, children have multiple opportunities to read about cases of people trying to ban some of the best books. Interestingly, these are the only books that are fun to read during the school year. So it doesn't make sense as to why they were taken off the shelves. Reading allows us to understand the past and even the future. "Then we're out of books." If that's what people want, stick with it, but if you have some kind of decency, I think when you make such an easy choice, you're also choosing the right one. Say no to censorship. Reading keeps us strong, entertained, and those who know the past are less likely to repeat it, unless books cease to exist.
Many people visit different libraries around the world every day. Some for books, some for magazines, some for movies. Everyone has different tastes, so the library is where they go because they have absolutely everything. The library has an amazing variety of different books. People of all ages can find books or other materials they want to read or use for research here. There should be no limit to books, movies, magazines, etc. on the shelf. Everyone has different beliefs/feelings about what they want to read or watch. If libraries start limiting their options, I don't think they'll have as much business and people won't read as much. This means that an individual's @CAPS1 may drop. Reading helps everyone in the world by learning new vocabulary and exercising their eyes. By taking someone's interest away, they don't read as much and don't feel free. Just because one person doesn't like something, doesn't mean the next person won't. If a book or movie etc offends someone, they just don't read it or watch it. No one has the right to take over someone's idea of something that interests them. However, restricting age groups for certain items is not a terrible idea. @MONTH1 Books that are offensive or inappropriate for young children should not be read or checked out loud by young children, but that does not mean taking them away from others.
Books now have Actions, Romans, and so on. That's why those books didn't go off the shelves because they didn't have what the other books had. So they just sit there and most of the other books coming off the shelves are happy @CAPS1, @CAPS2 aspects, @CAPS3 and all vampor books. That's because they have action, they have love, and so on. Books on and off the shelf. Maybe a really good book. Some books never leave the shelf, and that's probably because they don't. The reason it's really great is because the books on the shelf are. Because the book is boring, or an old school book, they really don't have what the reader wants. However, the books that really make readers happy are the ones from the movies, like the @CAPS2 aspect. That book sold faster than the movie. This is why readers prefer books to movies. Books in movies love the @CAPS2 aspect. It's because the author provides more information about the movie. I heard that the book is totally different from the movie, this book is much better than the movie because the book provides more information about the movie. So they really like books in movies for people. They are more reasons why people love books now and now. You don't have to go to the bookstore anymore, books are now on your iPhone, ipod, itouch, ipad and corner etc. So now you don't have to go to the bookstore anymore. You can get it on your iphone and other stuff and people are happy they don't have to get up too much in the morning or when to get the book. However, they can now keep them on the go. That's why books are now forever on the shelves. Because you can get it on the go. But I trust those who like the feel of a book. On the way to work or school, you should try to go out and buy an iphone or something in the corner to save your time
First of all, I don't think libraries should accept all these ideas because some people need help with their work. When some people need music to think, maybe some people need magazines. So I don't think libraries should accept off-shelf items.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 I @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 Short film about my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 watching @CAPS7's movie antolgy horror with @PERSON1. I admit I was freaked out and then I got over it. Then I did it after you got used to it a few times. This is @CAPS6 assighnment
Libraries are important places for knowledge seekers. The library holds books by authors past and present. It also holds information about past and current events. Censorship in libraries has become an ongoing debate. Libraries should not be allowed to censor to avoid offensive histories, books or newspaper articles. Libraries should not be allowed to censor to avoid offensive history. One of the reasons that censorship of historical events is prohibited is that it creates a loss of information. Periods like the Holocaust, the genocide of some 6 million @CAPS1 by @LOCATION2, will eventually die with the generations that know it. The Holocaust is a well known event during @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, it is a major historical event. The slave trade would be another historical event that failed due to censorship. The slave trade is a big part of @CAPS5's history and it helped shape the country today. Another reason for prohibiting censorship of historical events is their importance. If we censor certain materials, we start to forget key parts of history. Preserving these historical facts provides opportunities for teaching and learning. Libraries should not be allowed to be censored for historical events. Also, library censorship should not be allowed to alter books. One reason is because authors write their books and they want them to be read. An example is @PERSON2. Author of @CAPS6 by @PERSON3 and @CAPS6 by @ORGANIZATION2. Both books use the word @NUM1r to convey tone. Another example is To @CAPS7 A @CAPS8, author of @PERSON1. Another reason book reviews are banned is because it's the author's writing style. Authors have written a book and how they want to read it. Therefore, they use the language and words of the time period in which they are written. @PERSON2 doesn't use @NUM1r because he's racist, he uses it to convey the time and the way people talk. Library review should not be allowed to change books. Finally, library censorship should not be allowed to get rid of newspaper articles. One reason is because newspapers are the way to deliver information. It draws attention to recent events. It tells people what is going on. Getting rid of it is just another loss of information. Newspapers are a key player in publishing information about @LOCATION3, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, the assassination of @CAPS12 and @ORGANIZATION1. Another reason to avoid censoring newspapers in libraries is their importance today. They continue to keep people informed about recent and past events. An example is the death of @LOCATION1 and how he caused the death of many @CAPS13s for the eleventh time on @DATE1. Articles on death penalty perspectives. Libraries should not allow censorship to get rid of objectionable newspaper articles. Libraries are homes for seekers. There, they can read past and current events. They can also read classics by great authors. Libraries should not allow censorship to avoid objectionable histories, books or newspaper articles.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 There are people in the world who censor what their people read and write, often produced by communist and socialist governments. At @LOCATION1, we have the right to say, read and write what we want, about anyone or anything. Censorship does exist in @LOCATION1 and it exists in the form of an opoion. Because of political correctness, I have read articles in the newspapers about how textbooks cover up the truth. I've heard that libraries take down books with strong political views, often written by conservatives. The only purpose I've read about publishing is to bash a possible presidential nominee. As a conservative, I don't think these books should be in bookstores, libraries or other public places. I believe this because at @LOCATION1 we have a free press and it is against this right and the free flow of ideas that these books are not released to the public. Do you @MONTH1 ask me to believe this? I believe this because I also want others to hear and read my thoughts on how to gain life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness. Since @PERSON1, here's why all books should be in our library. I agree that restricted sections of certain books should be stored so little kids don't get @NUM1 I hope this paper publishes a piece on these ideas. We @ORGANIZATION1 are a republic and we have encouraged the free flow of ideas for over @NUM2 years. Why stop now? Thanks @PERSON2
My views on library censorship are similar in many ways. Certain materials, such as books, music, movies and magazines, should be removed from the library if found to offend more than one person. If they're not that big of a problem, they shouldn't be removed. If people find a lot of objectionable stuff out there, they might change their minds to go to that particular library. Keeping these objectionable items in the library also increases the chance that they will be read by the wrong mind and may change the behavior or way of thinking of most children. Some of the things I will find that bother me are books or magazines that contain drugs, nudity, horrible violence and bullying. In my own experience, having books that contain these types of questions is very offensive to most parents and can affect your lifestyle if you take them seriously. Some libraries don't even realize they have these objectionable books, magazines or videos. I once had a teacher take a book from me and I had trouble reading it, even though it was in the library, anyone could pick it up off the shelf and read it. In my opinion, I think libraries should take the time to look through the books they have and decide whether it would be considered offensive to parents if their children read them. I agree to remove certain material containing offensive content from all libraries. Also, I believe that if parents had a choice, they would decide to get rid of all vile, nasty and objectionable material
I think public libraries should have censorship. Libraries have families and young children who don't need to see, listen, and read certain things. If people want to buy inappropriate reading material, movies or music, they can do so elsewhere. Public libraries can accept some things and others can't. Certain materials, such as movies and romance novels rated @CAPS1, are not inappropriate or unacceptable. They are designed for adults, but they don't show very erotic images on the cover. However, other material, most people have no interest in having to see, and our young children should not be affected by that. People who wish to view, listen or read inappropriate material that is not suitable for all ages or covers should not even be viewed by younger children, they can and will buy or find them elsewhere. People who wish to own these items will find another place to get them outside of public spaces with family and children. I believe these people reserve the right to see and listen to what they like, but they should be censored in public libraries. Most people don't read inappropriate material in public, and most extremely pornographic films don't even show in theaters, so why should you be able to view them in public? On top of that, many people don't even want other people to know they're looking at these items in the first place, so many people won't even look at them in public libraries. I also believe that not only should children not be influenced by these things, parents should not be influenced by certain things that children want to know that they are far from knowing. Young people in @LOCATION1 are exposed to new and younger things every day, whether it's drugs or inappropriate magazines, so I believe we shouldn't start exposing our kids to new things when they've already discovered it.
"All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf - which is a job I hate - then You have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 by Kathryn Patterson. Her quote means there may be books on the shelf that shouldn't be seen , magazines, etc. I believe certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from the shelves if found objectionable. There are a number of ways people can avoid seeing them. I think if found objectionable Some things are objectionable then they should be put in a special aisle. First of all, if someone finds objects offensive then they should be put in a specific aisle. Some things are only visible to adults and therefore should be There is an aisle dedicated to things that are offensive or inappropriate. For people entering the aisle, they should get permission to enter the aisle and show identification so kids and kids don't accidentally sneak in and see what they shouldn't be looking at to something. Because if a child sees something bad, that might influence them to do something bad because they won't know better. Second, if a person finds a book or magazine objectionable, they can do it by simply Just walk away to avoid it. If it's in a certain aisle, that person doesn't have to read it or look for it in the library. But if someone is really offended by something, all they have to do is ask the library's The person in charge complained that if there were enough compaints, it could simply be removed. Again, it's not that hard to avoid things you don't like. Its presence may bother you, but it should be out of reach for younger kids To. Third, the library will contain objectionable or inappropriate things, so children entering the library should have adult supervision so they don't see bad things. If children see bad things, they Might find it funny, so they might want to pick it up and read it, which is bad because it might give them some ideas. Finally, there are ways to avoid seeing something you find offensive. If you find it offensive Sexual stuff or that area of the library you are away from, you can walk away. There will be a lot of things that will feel offensive and inappropriate, but there is nothing you can do about it. The best thing to do is just ignore it and walk away. If you are concerned about it , then you can always complain about what offends you, or what you think is inappropriate for children. It's a smart idea to keep the bad stuff in the aisle because it's out of reach for small children.
Books on the shelves exist for a reason: "We can all think of a book that we wish our children or any other children hadn't taken off the shelf. But if I had the right to take it off the shelf Take that book - it's the job I hate - then you have the same right and everyone else has the same right. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. Writes Kathryn Patterson. To me For example, short quotes mean what children should and should not be allowed to learn, and what they should learn as children. The library has non-fiction and fiction books as well as magazines, music, and movies. I like to learn a little bit of everything myself, and of course there are Something I didn't like to learn when I was too young. I like to discover things on my own. Sometimes I do like to discover new things because I don't know when my life will end. In other words, I'm surrounded by reality and have to get out of the fantasy world. Magazine There's a lot of trouble too, and sometimes, yes, it's life, but it's also dramatic things about people. The library is a great place to learn a lot. You can learn about the history of presidents, countries, important people, music, etc. Honestly, I go there The sole purpose of the book is to read and look at books, but I have learned a lot from books. There are materials that you shouldn't read and discover when you are too young. There are materials that are too powerful for certain children, and they should learn it, Because they don't grow up in groups. Libraries should put different stickers or labels on children's books with warning signs of their age. Sometimes it's good to know about life, but you have to be careful because it @MONTH1 will be powerful. Some books can teach you a lot. I have learned a lot from old books to new ones. I don't think these books should be deleted, yes they @MONTH1 are powerful, but it's up to us to read or not Choice. There may be racist books, but they're there for a reason, not to make fun of people. Magazines are sometimes good because they teach good stuff and give you an idea of what's going on around the world. Also Some magazines only talk about drama and criticize famous people. I don't think it's important, show other people's personal lives or criticize it. It's definitely not good for kids learning at that age. Magazines shouldn't be removed because everyone else can decide to read it What and what to watch. Music, most of the music in the library is centuries old, but they were also great composers. No, music shouldn't be removed because everyone has different tastes in music. And new Music, everyone's tastes are different, you should choose what you want to listen to and who you listen to. Movies, are a big part of life, so I think. I can learn a lot from them. From slavery to the future, some Movies taught me a lot. And some videos were rated @CAPS1, @NUM1, @CAPS2, etc. We choose to watch movies, no one tells us whether we should or not. Certain books, music, magazines, movies offend people, There are different reasons, but also some meaning. Books are not racist, so can make fun of other people, but can to understand their experiences. I'm glad that as I grow up, I know what to learn and something to read when I'm young. I think it should be allowed because it's for everyone. I don't think anything should be removed from the shelf even if the material is objectionable
As a fellow in the community and a frequent library visitor, I don't think books, magazines, movies, etc. should be taken off the shelves. The reason for this thinking is that just because @MONTH1 offends one doesn't mean it offends another. Removing various books and objects from our libraries would deprive many people of our world. This in turn makes the world illiterate. The library offers a lot of things that are not family conflicts, but, for the right age group, a lot of knowledge. Movies are a big part of this problem, but they are there for entertainment reasons. I feel that all the items in the library should be seen as a way of knowledge, not as an offense to a certain number of people. Deleting this stuff @MONTH1 is bad for the new generation in the long run. Personally, I think as someone who goes to the library a lot, things that get taken can cause uproar in different ways. I have read multiple books from all the different parts of the library. Some even relate to the racism of my own race, which uses words I don't like. I tolerate the fact that I wonder what my ancestors had to do to get me where I am today. Magazines are also a small part of this conflict. Like movies, although they are there to provide entertainment. Most people like to relax in the library. A library is not only a place for people to pick up books and other things, it is also a place where people can have a comfortable place to learn something. In conclusion, as a fellow in the community and a frequent library visitor, I don't think these things should be taken off the shelves. The library offers all sorts of stuff that isn't at home entertainment level, but @MONTH1 helps others. Some books are about racism. It's not harmful, but to show what your ancestors had to endure to get you where you are now. Things like magazines are for your entertainment and shouldn't be read or watched if you don't think it's appropriate.
I have to say two things about removing books from library shelves. First of all, no matter what @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 is not, there is always something offensive. Second, no matter what you do or try to do, there will always be things your kids will do or see that you @MONTH1 don't want them to see or do. If people can remove what they find objectionable, there won't be anything on the shelves, in stores, or anywhere. There are too many different types of people @MONTH1 don't like too many different things from everyone else. If one person is going to take a book, and another wants to take that book, but finds out that someone has asked to take the book, then that person will be unhappy and in one person have to destroy what they like Stop going back to that library later because they find it offensive. So what if a book deemed offensive is removed? There are worse things on TV. Comics are more violent than most books, and more and more commercials and other types of ads are using money and fame to lure people. Most of the time, they are not suitable for children, billboards on the way to school to promote alcohol products, or some kind of adult enjoyment, they are a part of life. Whatever you @MONTH1 try to do to keep your kids "safe" is not going to work these days. No matter how hard the folks at @MONTH1 try to change what they find objectionable, there will be the same thing around the next vorner, whether it's a billboard, poster, movie cover, or band, someone will find something objectionable and teach it Their kids do too, however, just because someone @MONTH1 doesn't like something doesn't mean their kids or anyone else's kids won't either
Conflicting works of art such as books, music, and movies pop up in libraries all the time. Whether it's @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @NUM1, someone will be offended. But whether these offending works should be banned is a common topic among writers, musicians and moviegoers. I personally think that all of these works have the right to be seen, heard or read because the creators put a lot of effort into expressing their opinions and have the right to press freedom. You can take any famous work, someone might be offended @CAPS5 for showing something contrary to their beliefs. But that doesn't mean the job should be banned! Banning a book means completely rejecting the author's ideas and opinions, which everyone is entitled to. Censorship of any work is unconstitutional because as citizens of @LOCATION1 we have full freedom of the press. You can't apply censorship at all because people will be offended whether you put it on the shelf or not. Also, as @PERSON1's @CAPS4 @NUM2 shows, book censorship can lead to society failing to truly understand the past and how people felt and thought in that era. To me, "offensive" books, movies, and music are fine, they're just debate stimulants. They allow you, not just the author, to express how you feel about what is presented in the work. But a complete elimination of the competition from the debate would be sabotage. @PERSON2 @LOCATION1, "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf...then you have the same right, and so does everyone else." @CAPS5 By saying that she was saying, if we can all go to the library, put Take away books, magazines, movies or music that we don't like, then absolutely nothing will be left. Every piece will be removed because at least one person has been offended @CAPS5 every piece. So, reading, listening to music, watching movies, is to allow everyone to freely write down their thoughts or positions. Censorship of any work anywhere allows "off" ideas. These ideas are ideas that keep society moving forward @CAPS5, make us think and help shape our views. @CAPS5 allows us to create future generations of great thinkers. In this case, @CAPS5 puts books, magazines and music on the shelf and we can continue to "learn from the past" and draw on information and ideas that have been used throughout history
A shelf is an object that can hold many different materials, such as movies, books, magazines, and music. It's all media and entertainment. But not everyone likes the media because @MONTH1 one or all of these materials are offensive to foreigners and children. The censorship of our library might get some graphics etc. Yes, we have it in movies and music, but we don't want it in our library. Libraries are places to study and learn for educational purposes. No entertainment and stuff of that nature. Sometimes they can be a little fun, but mostly people want to take their kids out there and show them something to help them focus on school. All @CAPS1 rated @CAPS2 movies, dirty music, adult books and magazines should be removed. One day I was looking for a book about @LOCATION1 and its people on the shelves of the state library. When I read the book it said some very mean and offensive things about the @CAPS3 people. I thought to myself, this book should be taken off the shelf forever and never seen again. It strikes me that someone would put that book in a public library for foreigners and others to read. After some people read @CAPS3 folks; they reconsider and start to get mad, don't like their comments about these things and offensive! In my opinion people from different countries and their way of life, magazines and movies should all be listed in the category. It can be very sad for some people because they can actually experience everything that is said in that movie or magazine. Another reason censorship should be controlled is the title of the material. Would you feel a little offended if a kid watched an adult movie and it happened to be for kids? I know I will. I would never want my kids to watch some violet movies. When it comes to public libraries, we have to think about our children and people from different countries. Without serious scrutiny, we might make foreigners very angry or make our children very violet and reckless because of the movies on our shelves, and people who come into our country will never come back if they pick up the books Might think it's funny, but it turns out to be very objectionable. Censorship is very important in libraries and bookshelves
I can think of one book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. I want our kids or any other kids to take this book off the shelves because it offends or demeans my or my kids' race. This book may make kids ask questions we don't want to talk about. This book is probably the one I wouldn't recommend my kids read or even look at the pages or cover. I mean, if it doesn't demean anyone's race or color, I'll let my kids read it, but if it contains profanity and racial slurs, I'll tell my kids this book before you grow up Reading is prohibited. Certain magazines like swimsuit models and other inappropriate stuff my kids shouldn't read aloud. Music is like a magazine, if it has profanity and talks about drugs, then I won't let my kids listen to it. Movies are like magazines and music, my kids don't need to watch or listen if there's something inappropriate in it. My exception to a movie is if it's rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 then they'll watch it out loud, but if it's rated @NUM1 or @CAPS3 then my kids can forget about watching it. So in the end, yes, I can think of a book or a movie or a magazine that I don't want my kids or any kids to get their hands on because you never know what that could lead to. If you plan to be a strict parent like me, don't let your kids watch, watch or listen to inappropriate stuff because that just puts bad stuff in their brains. I have to admit that I've seen, heard, and seen some bad stuff, but I regret it terribly. There are so many inappropriate books, movies, magazines in the library today, it sucks because little kids can get them and take them home without their parents noticing that they brought the bad stuff home
If someone is offended by a book or a movie in the library, should they be able to delete it? Below I would like to explain my thoughts on library review. If some parents see a book they are offended by, they think their child shouldn't be able to get it from the library, they can ban them from reading it. I don't think they should be able to remove it, even though they may think other kids shouldn't be able to get it, but that's not their decision. Every parent has to decide for themselves if they want their kids to get certain books, but one parent shouldn't be able to decide for everyone else by removing one book. Some people may be offended by certain books in the library, but just because one person is offended by a book doesn't mean everyone else will be offended by it. Does this person have the right to say a book should be removed? It's their personal opinion that they don't like it, but by removing it it also prevents others from reading it, which is unfair. Different people like and are offended by different books, so if everyone takes a book they don't like from the library, the book is gone. I think if someone is offended by a book, they shouldn't read it. They can tell their friends and family not to read it because they think it's offensive, but ultimately everyone should decide for themselves. I don't think people should be able to remove books from the library, but if the library itself deems a book objectionable then they shouldn't have it. This is their library, so they decide what books are there. I also think that when the library doesn't have certain books because they really pay attention to the books they have in the library, that should be enough for everyone else. So all in all, I don't think people should be able to delete certain books because everyone has their own opinion on what's offensive and what's not. We should all be able to read or see what we want, not what others think we should see.
Wherever I go, there always seems to be something, big or small, that can be considered objectionable. Because of these offensive things, there is often censorship in public places. Viewing uncensored material on your own digression and privacy is acceptable, but not in public. I think the review of the library is necessary because it has a wide audience, public sources and the opinions of certain people. Libraries are considered public places and have a wide audience. Whether children, teens, adults or seniors, some things are inappropriate and some people should not be exposed to. However, this is mainly aimed at children. Like the quote above, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf." @CAPS1 then put these offending books on the books in the hall? Censorship will block inappropriate sections of books, movies, music and magazines to make the material more suitable for people of all ages. Because libraries are considered public places, their materials are considered public property. Everyone has the right to access these materials. However, not every library has books, magazines or movies that you can search because it @MONTH1 contains profanity or inappropriate content. Some @MONTH1 are against library censorship, but bookstores, movie stores, music libraries, etc. usually don't have censorship. If you want some kind of non-censored material, go for it. This way the material will no longer be public, but your own and you can use it however you want. We now live in a world where everyone is free to express their opinions and you will not be punished for it. Libraries target people of every age, and censorship just makes everything work for everyone. Some parents don't allow their kids to read certain books, watch certain movies, or listen to certain music, simply because it's their opinion and their parenting style. On the other hand, some parents do allow their children to engage in inappropriate material, which is totally fine because it is their parenting and their children. However, libraries should not have the right to introduce inappropriate things into children's lives; this should be the decision of the parent or guardian. In conclusion, a library should allow censorship because it has a broad audience, public materials, and strong opinion from the public. Everyone should read, watch and listen to whatever they choose, but not everyone should have something inappropriate in public places. Not everyone can be happy, but everyone can be appropriate
In my experience, some music is too offensive. They use words that some people, especially certain ages, shouldn't hear. Even magazines have something too inappropriate for some people. Some of the movies they put out these days are just creepy. The fact that they put this stuff in the library really blows my mind. One day I was babysitting a little girl and I took her to the library. There's a @CAPS1 on the shelf and she's putting it in her @CAPS1 player. It's making very erotic references with a lot of swearing in it. I am ashamed that this little girl had to hear these words at such a young age. When I put my ear on her earphones, I immediately turned them off. They really should watch the @CAPS4 music they release to the public because if I hadn't been with her she might have understood some of it. I don't think @CAPS3 would really want anyone listening to this language at any age. It discriminates against women and feeds young children with ideas in their sexually active minds. Another thing they put in the library is that the magazines that I disagree with are a little too mature. One day I went to the library with a friend and I picked up a copy of @ORGANIZATION1 magazine. I tossed and looked at all these revealing photos and I was thinking, '@CAPS4 What if a young cjild picked up this magazine when no one was looking? For a young child, that would be a terrifying experience. I read somewhere that what children see at a young age has a huge impact on who they become in the future. If this is true, I certainly think we should review @CAPS4, we should be careful when going out in public libraries, if we take our kids to the library. We should make sure the next generation doesn't see some of what we have. We should also monitor the movies we watch and pay close attention to what they read
No I don't think anything should be removed because not everyone wants to see the same thing I guess if you don't like it don't watch it so no need to remove it anyway
"All of us can think of a book, and we hope none of our kids are off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - the job I hate - then you have the same right, too, Others have. And then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 from @PERSON1 cites strengths about citizenship. Censorship is everywhere. Whether it's a book, a magazine article, or even a TV shows, they all get censored. Censoring things doesn't make anything more enjoyable, @CAPS7, but it actually makes things less enjoyable. I don't think objectionable should be removed from the shelf Stuff. Censorship keeps viewers and/or readers from enjoying the full potential of things. I've been watching TV shows myself. The censorship thing makes me mad. I already know what those words are, so why censor it. @PERSON2 writes wrote a famous book called @ORGANIZATION1. Those books are banned from being taught in schools just because it says a racial term. I have two things to say. If it offends you then you should' @CAPS7 watch or read it. The second one has to consider when and when the book was published, and the language used at the time. So one can think about when the book was written, when was the book published, etc. I Read two books named @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @NUM1. Both books have one thing in common. Use censorship in their society. In @CAPS3, @NUM1 book is censored. @CAPS1 makes people Question the concept because he and others think it's '@CAPS7 fair to ban books. Also in @CAPS2, a boy challenges his @CAPS6 society because they censor certain things too. Censorship also happens in In today's media. Some examples are @CAPS7.V shows. TV censors vulgar language and sometimes violence and gore. It's understandable to censor children's programming now, but programming for mature audiences is unacceptable. Considering that people can express Freedom of speech. Mature shows are also only for mature people, why censor them? Kathryn Patterson makes a valid point in her quote. I think if you find something objectionable then Don't' @CAPS7 read or watch it. If you find something so offensive to you that you have to force people to believe you, then you are wrong. People should have the right to read, watch or listen They want anything uncensored.
Does the review resolve any issues? If one person wants to censor something in the library, there must be another person on the other side of the argument trying to protect the work from being taken. As a free nation, everyone has the right to receive any form of literature or music they find pleasing, and history has shown the world that censorship can lead those in power down a dark path. The shielding of offensive material is only necessary and fair when the susceptible minds of the world's youth are at risk, but once a person is old enough to make informed decisions, they should be empowered to choose own material. Censorship based on individual rights and how it affects history is unacceptable, but necessary when protecting young people. It is a person's right to choose what kind of literature one wants to read. If someone doesn't like a book and it gets banned by the library, everyone wants a book they don't like gets banned. Take a hypothetical public library as an example: a public library is an open, free place where men, women and children of any background can study and enjoy a good book, magazine or music. Great mental image of serenity and peace. How does the painting appear to the beholder once the books start disappearing from the shelves? Suddenly left and right, books disappeared as if by magic: a particular book was disapproved by mothers, a religious group disliked the message of the book, and the book was heartbreaking. Before long, there were not many books left in this imaginary library except for young children. With this system, everyone suffers. Everyone should reserve the right to read what they want to read. Everything would be easier if libraries didn't ban books. History has given the world many cruel dictators. Usually, once he is in power, he is not the most popular form of government. To keep his subjects under his rule, he often had to resort to disenfranchising. This could be a curfew, fake elections or censorship. If a ruler has censorship powers, he or she can control what the public thinks, feels and believes. With this power over them, people are weakened and often abused. Now imagine that censorship happens in a country with civil rights. People will not support it. So why start censorship in areas that promote freedom? There is absolutely no need for censorship, and as history has shown, it's certainly not a good thing. In a liberal country that promotes civil rights, censorship of any kind is unacceptable. However, there is another factor at play here: the protection of youth and innocence. Almost everyone remembers childhood when they were young and innocent, free from worries and troubles. That might disappear in an instant. Children should not be exposed to things inappropriate for their age. Almost every movie these days has violent and lewd material, if not mature adult material. The age of innocence is getting younger every generation, and children's habit of this material has reached its peak. Claims like @MONTH1 sound hypocritical from someone who opposes censorship, but it's not "censorship" when one protects young people. As individual rights and history have shown the world, censorship should never be tolerated except for reasons of protecting children. What they like to read and absorb is everyone's choice, so their choice should not be violated. The world has seen many times the effects of censorship on people. Also, children should be protected, this is not censorship. Censorship doesn't fix anything, but it makes everyone unhappy. So why review
I don't think certain books, such as offensive books, should be removed. I don't think so because that's how some kids learn better and read better. Children don't like to read boring books. Things like music, movies and magazines are fun for us. If the world didn't have movies, children wouldn't read. Most of these kids are now reading books every day because they watch movies and stories. Some children like to listen to music while reading. I'm glad people invited these things. I feel like the world would be boring if people didn't invite these things. Magazines are also great because they help people start reading books and more. Magazines attract people. I say them because they have pictures, notes, etc. Magazines are good to read and it helps a lot of people to read better. It also sucks because kids read it and start doing what they say in the magazine. Some books are good, some are bad. I say this because some books can get out of hand with the cursin and the book cover. Some Arthurs write good things, some bad things. Hope you get something out of what I write. That's how I feel about books, magazines, music and movies. I love reading and listening to all of them. I like reading books very much. PS @Organization 1
When @LOCATION2 was formed and our ancestors signed @LOCATION1's constitution, freedom was Greater Kahuna. With every signature endorsement added to the constitution, @LOCATION2 is one of the few nations that enjoys every right. Laws like "you're innocent until proven guilty" and free speech differentiate our country from other nations that oppress their own people. Freedom is @LOCATION2's middle name, it's our future birthright! Freedom of speech is everywhere, and even though some people's voices say too much, it's still an entitlement to us, so we have to accept the nonsense that's being said. Offensive things are common because we are all different and there are so many racial groups in @LOCATION2 that at some point someone is going to step on their feet badly. This will not be tolerated, but it still takes place worldwide. Free speech is an unclear form of expression because it can say how you feel, but sometimes it says too much and you end up fighting. Still, speech is a freedom, and if we cut it off, we're in trouble. Genocide and wrongful imprisonment are two factors that often occur due to the lack of liberty. If you speak out against a powerful figure, you go to jail. If you believe different armies will come to kill you, it's all because some countries don't have freedom like @LOCATION2. This freedom can be controversial and produce objectionable products, such as reading materials and videos, but it is far better than living in the shadow of a dictator. Crude free forms are always in magazines, books, and CDs, but if you think about where they're being produced, they're bought, or not produced at all. In some cases, objects are not made for financial gain, but based on beliefs and religious values, a freedom that many people have after giving their lives. Also, when making books, movies, and cds, you're protected from opinions that you don't like these things, there really is a rating system, if you don't like the product, just put it down and walk away, yeah So simple. I don't think freedom will be thrown out the window anytime soon, we may just have to keep using offensive products. We should all be thankful that we live in a free society that allows us to express our differences without being killed in the process. You can't just take the constitution as rubbish and disgrace it, so that society has to bear the burden of freedom of expression. Freedom comes from records and books, but it's still @LOCATION2's middle name and our future birthright
Do you think books, movies, music, etc. should be moved if found offensive? I can't choose @CAPS3, they are all understandable. So I have a good discussion of my feelings about it and my experience with this topic in this post. So let's get started! I can do both. But first I'm just discussing the way I disagree with removing objectionable stuff. Material that is interesting to many may not be to me. I mean everyone should be able to listen and read about the things they love and enjoy. And I can really not care what other people like to read and listen to. At some point, we may all start enjoying things we wouldn't think we would enjoy. It's that simple. I mean I love romance and horror books while others may not. No one can tell anyone what they should like or dislike. I agree! You get nervous when people get mad at something, like when your mom tells you to make sure the room is clean all the time! I agree that @CAPS3 might offend someone and don't want their kids. Once, I was reading this book in the library and it looked really good to read. But then a lady told me I shouldn't have read it @CAPS3 it was too much for me. But that's just fine for me. @CAPS2 went to the main table and started complaining. I was like, 'Are you serious? I didn't want to be rude, so I calmly told her, '@CAPS1 Are you so worried about what I'm reading? @CAPS2 replied, "@CAPS3, this book is meant to be abusive." I showed her the name of the book, '@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6'. We ended the appointment. I still check out the book, @CAPS3 I know I'm going to love it, I love it! They should put things aside, they think it's offensive, and make people ask for these things. So people don't make a fuss about it. Just keep the peace and give everyone what they want. Well, I'm done now. Hope you understand both parties of the agreement. Just remember if you agree or disagree. Or you like me, who can't choose or understand both sides. It's your decision and no one can make you change what you like and enjoy reading or listening to. But either way, I can't choose @CAPS3, they are all understandable.
I believe certain materials that may seem objectionable to some should stay on the shelf. Whether they choose to read or listen to the material, I feel as if it's on that person. I also came across an article in this post that upset me. I've also had an argument with someone who found what I was listening to offensive to them. Once, when I read a newspaper that made fun of the small town I grew up in. The papers say my town is full of hillbillies, and many people there are not well educated and not smart. It made me angry and made me ashamed of living there. But I increasingly feel that this article is someone else's opinion. That's just because they wrote that article, it doesn't make it happen. The debate got out of hand. She has her opinion and I have mine. One day my friend came to my house to hang out and do some homework. When we were in my room, I opened my favorite artist CD. I was listening to rock music and loved the talent of this artist. My friend walked over to my stereo and turned it off. She told me she didn't like it and it was offensive music. So after that, we've been arguing almost all the time. I ended up saying I thought its music was great and I shouldn't stop listening to it. We made an agreement that I wouldn't listen while she was there, and I felt like I would respect her feelings. Over the past few years, I have observed that more and more people take to heart what others have to say or sing. When authors write a story or an essay, they are putting their own point of view into it. Sometimes they're typing facts, and what they think they're going to write. I mean, if it's on the shelf and don't like it, don't pick it up and read it.
I don't appreciate that because most libraries in town are open to the public. If one or more people find a problem with the material, then they should go through the project. Or they can just skip it. On the other hand, one or more individuals do have the right to freedom of speech, but not beyond the level where their opinion is above the law. If other people are offended by the music being played in the library, then I think yes, they should and can speak up for their rights. Books and magazines should be allowed into public libraries even if they feel offended. This is because it is a public library and should have many different kinds of books. This is because people have different personalities, which means we like different things. That doesn't mean other people can't have their opinions because like I said before, everyone in the United States of America has the right to say what they think, even if @MONTH1 isn't what other people want to hear, they still can do it. Well, here's my take on what I think should happen.
I think people read more books banned by schools and libraries, they listen to "rebel" music, or they just watch controversial movies, so does censorship really work? I don't think censorship is really necessary. If you think a topic might offend you, you shouldn't read it. Rather than reviewing library products, review readers, I believe people are mature enough to choose what they want to read, watch, or listen to. The media is just another way to acquire knowledge, which is why they are used in schools. I want to go to my school library to find a book like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2", I know this book is considered one of @LOCATION1's most famous literary works, but it has been banned by some schools across the country. It was banned because they believed the book contained pornographic material and was not suitable for schools. My English teacher uses this method to encourage us to read it by telling us this. Students who haven't read the book are looking for the porn in it, and if you ask me...I didn't find it. Another piece of literature that was once banned was @CAPS3 by @ORGANIZATION1, which was banned because the black character @PERSON1 in the book was called @CAPS4 and was sometimes considered stupid in the book. Even though @PERSON1 is the most sublime and innocent character in the book, some felt the offense was inappropriate. Films with strong language are rated for their openness, so I don't think that should be a problem. On the other hand, music depends on the singer's musical style and should be supervised by parents. I really don't think we should be censoring any material in the library, but they can set an age limit to check any controversial material if necessary. As I said before, the media is just another way to acquire knowledge
As @CAPS1, we are entitled to freedom of speech and freedom of the press. However, these rights are somewhat suppressed in library media censorship. I can understand why libraries feel they need to ban certain works; there are a lot of kids who go to the library a lot and having explicit content might prevent parents from allowing them access. Of course, the media in question can be placed in a separate area off-limits to anyone under a certain age. Even if someone gets their hands on one of the pieces, the front desk can use safeguards to prevent them from borrowing the materials. Their library card would show their age, and if they were too young, the staff wouldn't let them check in for work. Also, I trust people's common sense. If they think a book or movie is too adult-like for them, they avoid borrowing it from the library. Parents will certainly not allow their children to borrow indecent material. Information is open to those who search for it, and the knowledge it brings prevents unwanted results. Some people want this content banned because it's not ethical to them, but it's really just restricting the freedom of others. They @MONTH1 thought it was too explicit, but the other @MONTH1 didn't. Others may want to use the material, but due to restrictions set by the first person, borrowing of the work is prohibited. It seems that if the first one disagrees with the material, they can just go with the flow and not draw the others into the argument. People know their limits and generally make sure they don't cross them. I think this conflict itself represents the @CAPS2 way of life. When disagreements arise, no matter the topic, a group of people wants to basically control what the others can or cannot do. They organize protests, sign petitions, etc. Indeed, people protested against the law, and for good reason. But trivial issues that can be easily avoided really don't need to be debated if people just use common sense to come to a consensus. I think this censorship issue is a prime example. When it comes to these kinds of debates, we need to know that we can't set limits too quickly; we should let others do what they think is best for them. The best thing to do is to leave other people alone with simple things like this and avoid imposing any restrictions on anyone's work, rights and freedoms. To paraphrase @ORGANIZATION1, I @MONTH1 disagree with what you said, but I will fight to the death for your right to speak.
I consider certain materials such as books, music, movies and magazines offensive and inappropriate. Why I believe @CAPS1 is because some of these items hurt people in so many ways. But when people make and read these items, they don't know how effective it is for the people who buy them from the manufacturer. I've also been through an offensive book and an inappropriate book. When I go to the public library, I pick up the @CAPS1 book, I also say to myself '@CAPS1 might be a good book I can do for my book report', so when I pick up the book and As I turned the pages, I saw text and images that offended me. Some texts refer to people of color by their names and pictures of women of color being raped or abused. So I didn't get that book, I just put it back and got mad at the people who treated my culture wrong. So @CAPS1 the white lady 'librarian' came up to me and asked if I needed help finding anything, but I didn't answer her, I just looked at her and shook her head. When I walked into the library I saw the inappropriate books these kids were reading like "@CAPS2 Books" and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Because I think they should put these books somewhere else so younger kids don't have access to these adult books, including always talking about @CAPS2, drugs and gang music. Because I think these things are not good for young children because it affects future life and can also lead to violence, abuse, harassment, things that make our young children grow as they get older and got into trouble. I think all public libraries should keep @CAPS1 type stuff in an adult-only section and have to show some type of ID to prove you're @NUM1 and above.
Readers of @ORGANIZATION1, library censorship will never be an issue. This is a very simple concept. Obviously, no one wants their children exposed to inappropriate reading material or movies. If kids want to visit a public library, their parents don't have to worry about what their kids will be looking at there. The library should be a family-friendly place where kids can come together to tell stories, or college students can study. I remember going to the library often when I was a kid. Every week I read a different story with a large group of kids in the community. It's something I like to do. Don't you want your community library to be a place your kids can learn and enjoy? Unfortunately, some libraries do have objectionable reading material, movies, music, etc. It is the responsibility of library staff to place such objectionable material in the adult reading area of the building. Parents should tell their children that the adult zone is off-limits and library staff should keep kids away from everyone in that off-limits area. These items @MONTH1 are offensive to some people, they @MONTH1 are too inappropriate for children. However, some readers have the right to view these materials on an as-needed basis. That's why they shouldn't be completely removed, just removed from the rest of the books, music, movies, etc. I'm not someone who denies anyone's rights. While I personally don't think public libraries don't need objectionable reading material, that doesn't mean other people shouldn't check out these items. All in all, we have to be fair. Do you want someone to deprive you of the right to do what you love because you find it offensive? No, no one wants that. However, we still have to be rational about this. If adult reading materials are to be provided at community libraries, they must be in areas that do not allow children to enter. It's just normal courtesy and everyone has to cooperate. This is why library censorship should never be an issue. I hope you can see it the way I do and help me solve this problem once and for all. Sincerely, @LOCATION1
We all have favorite books, mine are "OF @CAPS1 and @CAPS2". @CAPS3 is a book I would recommend to anyone, but some library books are so bad I'd be scared if my mom picked it up and looked at the cover. My name is @PERSON1 and in the @CAPS3 article I'll show you what I'm talking about. I like to read books during the day. I like to go out, pick a book straight off the shelf, and start reading, but when I see a book or magazine that contains sex, I get really pissed off. I saw many of my friends get lost in these books and magazines in front of adults like my mother there. They can go to the public library where they were children (only five years old) to read and view these horrible things. I don't @CAPS4 know why the library even needs these books. Now people can use @CAPS4.V's and can rent them. I have a best friend who is the father of these sex acts and pictures. My friend's mom was fed up and had to kick him out. Now my friend is the same person. He could go out and buy these magazines from friends who stole or rented from our local library. He doesn't even admit that his dad did the same thing @CAPS4. He still never wanted to see his father, but he did the same. I've had multiple conversations with my friend at @CAPS3 and he said '@CAPS4 hurts anyone but he doesn't see' what @CAPS4 sees is he's hurting me. Parents of early @NUM2 in late @NUM1 saw some of the books their kids were reading. That tried to stop it, but the plan never worked. Since then, the @CAPS3 problem has grown to a point that we can never control. Libraries do @CAPS3 all to make money. More and more people these days go to the library not to study or read quietly, but for sexual pleasure. @CAPS3 is about half of the library's revenue. The government is trying to avoid @CAPS3 because the money they get through taxes comes from these people. When will it stop? No one really knows, but we'll do our best to stop it. The reason for the @CAPS3 article is to show why the process needs to be stopped. If you go to your local library and actually look at what they sell or rent, you'll know what I'm talking about. I'll try to stop it, but it probably won't work. This won't stop me from helping my friends in the future. glad you know now
Aggressive? That's how many feel about the curtain book. For example, if @CAPS5 is the Bible and you are an atheist, or someone who doesn't believe in God, then the Bible @MONTH1 is offensive and hurtful to you. As a student, I feel like there are so many people in the world that when everyone inserts their feelings by taking away books, we don't have much to look at. You see, everyone is different, so books, magazines, and music don't show up because everyone feels different about different topics. I find them to be a very useful resource and have a lot of knowledge on many of the topics mastered. First of all, in addition to books, we have magazines. If we could get rid of all the magazines in the world, there would be less of all those horrible ads that men crave. Second, there will be less gossip. Most of the magazines are about @PERCENT1 gossip about the recent breakups and makeup of today's modern celebrities. I feel like these magazines are a waste of time because they hurt people's feelings and offend the way some celebrities behave. I'm a firm believer that we should get rid of magazines. Lastly is the music. Some of the greatest inspiration comes from music. You don't remember the song, 'We @CAPS1't @CAPS2 the @CAPS3? @CAPS4 If you don't know, then I'll tell you a little bit about @CAPS5. @CAPS5 is about America, big things that have happened in the past. In the chorus @CAPS5 says, '- we @CAPS1' are not @CAPS2 @CAPS3, - but we try to fight @CAPS5. @CAPS5 has been burning since the world turned. A song by @CAPS5 about Americans saying they @CAPS1 doesn't cause panic and stuff like that, but @CAPS5 has been that way since the beginning. This song has inspired many famous singers you know @CAPS4. Elvis @CAPS6 is one of many you should know. We should leave music out so inspired people like me can inspire others. Music helps the blind, heals the sick, and brings hope to Americans. Without mucus there would be chaos. And finally the movie, where would we be without the movie? We need movies, not just for entertainment, and some of the best movies are historical events. Events that help us gain a better grasp and keen observation of what happened in the past. Because the movies @CAPS7 and @LOCATION1, and even the movies @CAPS8 @CAPS9, they help us portray what has happened and are very entertaining but also very educational. We should keep the movies, there is no doubt in my mind. In the end, I hope I have presented a clear message that you will take very seriously. We need books and music to inspire and energize the world, and we don't need magazines. In the downward spiral of life, we all need a little inspiration, we need education. Not the kind we want to see, but the kind we need to see. I hope I have had a positive impact on your thoughts and feelings.
There are too many people in the world to have just one opinion on one topic and nothing else. If a person knows something is unjust, they obviously have to tell the world about it, or they feel their opinion doesn't matter. Take women's clothing, for example. If you show a man a women's clothing on a computer screen, he may only have an opinion or two about that clothing. If you show a woman the same dress, she will have more than two opinions about the dress. That's how society works today, and it's not just because we were raised that way; it's how we think and act. @ORGANIZATION1 depicts the beauty of being half-up and applying makeup like a plaster. Many magazines and books, like @CAPS1 and books about models, portray beauty as skinny, your clothes almost falling off you. Many songs and movies tell you that beauty is external. If you can find these magazines, books and movies at your local bookstore, don't you think they might be two miles down the road from your local @CAPS2 library? Libraries aren't just for adults and teens. They are suitable for people of all ages. Many people don't realize it, but in many libraries, there are sections for teenagers. Teen books and magazines shouldn't even be in the teen section, just because a lot of teen books have topics that teens haven't even started talking about yet. If all these books and magazines were in here, don't you think a five-year-old would run into this area, pull out a magazine, and wonder how the woman in the ad looks so beautiful? Like I said before, the people depicted by @ORGANIZATION1 look beautiful when it's all photoshopped. If a five-year-old has access to books and magazines they shouldn't even know about, @CAPS3 will put them on the shelf in the library. Five year olds are now thinking '@CAPS3 Am I not that pretty? @CAPS4 Images are key to how people view society today. Modeling agencies, photographers, and even cheerleading coaches make girls feel like they're worthless because they're "too fat," "too ugly," or "too short" to be a part of who they want to be in life. Many @CAPS8 women are starving every day just to maintain a "healthy weight" of @NUM1 lbs and you can see every rib on her body. This is also described in many books, magazines and TV shows. You can find them in libraries nationwide. Magazine @CAPS1 has an article on how to lose weight. The TV show @LOCATION1's @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 showed people that being tall and skinny as a stick is the way to go. Many fitness books tell you that being like @PERSON1 is the "best for your body" way. You can't tell a girl that she needs to be a certain height and a certain weight at a certain time. Women don't work that way. Nobody does. Many magazines, books, movies, and music tell you this, but it doesn't. I believe that if libraries took these types of materials out of their facilities, the proportion of society's "@CAPS4 profile" would drop rapidly. Many women and girls don't feel ugly or fat. They will like who they are, and they won't trust what others say about them or how they look. Beauty is more than just looks. Anyone can have a beautiful heart and it will shine more than anything else.
I once went to the library and read a book where I wanted to draw graphics for a certain part. When little kids enter the library, it seems like they should stay away from that part. Censorship should be in the library by now. Many children see bad material at an early age. As a result of seeing this, they @MONTH1 get bad ideas and may lead them down the wrong path in life. In the library they have many books that are too mature for young children. They should have a restricted section in the library from which only older people or those with parental guidance can select books, movies, music, games and magazines. For example, in their video store, only adults @MONTH1 cannot enter children. Libraries should do the same, but with different materials in audiovisual stores. Personally, I see kids learn bad behavior from video games, movies, and some books. Although these kids are still young, they don't know what's bad for them. So when these kids see movie stars they admire and video games that love to hurt others, they realize the violence and do it themselves. Libraries do need to take these books, movies, games, music and magazines off their shelves. If they don't, then they should keep children from having access to these materials that could influence judgment. So when taking a young child to the library, walk in with them. It will save our next generation of children from violence and all other wrongdoing in these books, games, magazines and music. As long as there is no censorship in the library, our kids will see these behaviors and recreate them with other friends who think it's okay to do so. Yes, I say again that review should be done in libraries for anything in certain age groups, or if it's offensive. Do not let young children walk around the library alone, as they may encounter material that is inappropriate for their age.
Books have been around for hundreds of years. They are of great value in culture, life and everything else. We all see kids laughing and enjoying books about pretty ponies and puppies. We don't see how books and magazines really affect people of different races, religions or ages. We should take a stand and get rid of these bad books. Negative books, movies and magazines should be removed to prevent hurt feelings and thoughts. We have learned to accept everyone, no matter what color they are. I remember in @NUM1 grade a girl named @PERSON1 was very upset because she thought a book was making fun of her skin color. Everyone in the book is white, and an African American girl is excluded from playing with them because she's not pretty enough. She went to tell the teacher that the teacher threw the book and said that we should all learn to respect everyone, no matter what they look like. We need more books, as teachers try to teach us. Lift everyone's spirits and make them feel better about themselves. The world has changed, and so should books. Many things affect people of different ages, races or religions. Bad books that talk about other religions or that make you second guess your beliefs are considered negative and should be taken off the shelves. How would you feel if someone belittled your religious beliefs? This is how many people feel when reading this type of material. These books, magazines and movies are not good for anyone and should not be placed near a library. Have you been watching what your kids are reading or what movies they are watching? Pretty princesses and little mermaids are featured in most children's books and movies, but not all. Behind some movies or books, there are violent and bad scenes. When fight scenes happen and zombies attack, kids believe everything is real and it's okay to kill someone if they're the bad guy. The boys think it's okay to hurt people because that's how it is in the movies. Girls believe that everything about princesses is flawless, and to be princesses, they must be flawless too. Do we really want kids to think it's okay to fight and be upset because they're not perfect? Libraries need to get rid of these books and movies because it is seriously affecting the children of the world. Not all books are bad and not all good, so we need to divide and conquer. We need to take a closer look and really check what needs to be taken off the shelves. Books, magazines and movies that influence how people perceive themselves differently need to disappear forever. Getting rid of these conflicting books is like getting rid of a huge baggage. It can make a big difference in adults and children. Please remove negative books and movies to prevent any unnecessary problems!
Books @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 You have a lot of kids in the library who decide to read books @MONTH1 that dont fit their @CAPS3. Many parents allow their children to read these kinds of books, so they are used to it by now. But some books are not suitable for children @CAPS3. Children are now more mature and knowledgeable to read at a higher level. @CAPS4 Kids go to the library to find books that catch their attention. Some books that have been published shouldn't be published, that's my opinion. Most authors write about things like sex, drugs, and other bad things. @CAPS4 A kid sees something like that, they get a feel for what the book says, and try what they read. I'm not saying all kids read and decide to try everything they read, but most do. Some children ignore certain things they hear, see or even read. Children always look up to other people, so they see what you do and they try to do it. I believe things like books that kids shouldn't read should be put away. Books should be removed from the shelves and placed where only adults can reach them. Just like video games, only certain age groups can play games because of what they do in the game. Kids see something they quickly try. They should also be where you rate a book, the same way you rate movies, video games, and other things. @CAPS3 All books are not bad for children, but some are. I've noticed that many parents don't care what their kids read as long as they're reading. People shouldn't think that way because it has a lot of rude people in this world. I even saw a writer on the news write a book about how he killed a lady. Many teenagers read that book and found it interesting. It even gave young boys ideas about killing or having girlfriends. That book should be in the hands of a mature-minded person who really knows right and wrong. Its parents in this world don't allow their children to read books with bad stuff. Most parents find it objectionable that bookstores or other places sell such books to their children. What the authors talk about in their book and what they shouldn't read @CAPS5. Books that are inappropriate for certain age groups or that contain inappropriate content should be removed from the shelf. But some people interpret these words differently and see it differently. Most parents or grandparents want their children or grandchildren to never be off the shelf, and there are so many books in this world. But it will continue until someone speaks.
The material we read in the book is sometimes objectionable. Objectionable books should be monitored to determine who can view them. I believe every parent has the right to monitor what their children read. I also believe that censorship is sometimes a good thing. The material we find in the book doesn't affect our youth as much as anything else. The reason I say this is that today's young people don't really worry about picking up books and reading like they do with magazines, cell phones, iPods, or using computers. I believe magazines are worse than any book. Books are mainly for reeds in the field of knowledge, magazines are mainly for people to catch up with the latest trends. Magazines can lead people to list the next hottest band, singer or rapper, whatever. The music you hear on the radio is full of suggestive lyrics. Then people are pulled in. Music is not rated, movies are. Movies are easier to control because of the ratings, but kids always get it anyway. This is where the internet comes into play. Most people have access to a computer. Kids can spend hours on the internet looking for things that aren't right for them. The internet is also used for education. The internet also opened the door to video games. Kids can now play with friends all over the world without leaving their bedroom there. They also play with complete strangers. Some other players may have a bad influence on them because they are influenced by music, magazines, music, etc., which all send a bad message. No one can control what we young people see. The only way is to close our library and turn off the internet. Even if we do, it may always leave.
In a huge library full of books and movies, a book or a movie is no different. This is why books, magazines or movies should never be removed from library shelves. They shouldn't be deleted because some parents of children don't care what their children listen to or read. Only if they do as their parents say. Also, parents may think about their kids and think their kids know which books you want them to get or not get. Although, if your parents not only care about what your child reads or listens to, but you realize that every child doesn't know what their parents want, then you should talk to the school's principles to see if there is a way to make You could come up with a library area dedicated to books of the wrong type of language or sex that you don't want your kids to have or read, or you could ask them for permission slips. Students ask their parents if they care about those types of books . There are also children who love to read these types of books and will be very disappointed if their favorite book is taken off the shelf, they have nothing else to read, but everyone else in the school must have their favorite book Books in school. If anyone told me this book was turning their life into something unbearable. I would tell them, this is not a book. Children choose to read this book in the first place, so if their lives change, it will be their own business. In the end this is why books shouldn't be taken off the shelf because some people love them, if you are some kid or parent who doesn't like them or doesn't want their kids to read them then ask the librarian to make a note say they didn't check them out loud
Author Kathryn Patterson once commented: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf  work that I hate  then you have the same rights, and so do other people. Then we dont have any books on our shelves for any of us to use. Many in society agree with Katherine view, while some believe in strict library censorship. It is important not to violate the rights of others, suppress free speech or limit their knowledge. Therefore, I support her point of view. If material is deemed inappropriate for children or others, then censorship needs to be set by parents at home, not by a public agency. America was built on the need for freedom: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and freedom of the press. If we start changing that or restricting the publishing houses that libraries can or can't have, we're destroying a nation's core values. Can we deny what our ancestors knew we had the right to do? Also, where do we draw the line if we start taking down some "offensive" books? Anyone can claim that almost any book is "offensive" in some way, form, or form, but that doesn't mean we should immediately pull it off the shelves of important public institutions. If you don't want to take my word for it, go back to history. What kind of civilization is @LOCATION1? I don't think there is one you want to live in. Few people will, and one of the things they have the most control over is personal freedom. They start with the seemingly small act of censoring books. First, there is a book they consider offensive to be deemed offensive, in this case the work of an author @CAPS1, @CAPS2-@CAPS3 or @CAPS4. Later they started burning the books and punishing those who owned them. If we're going to live in a country where a man has the rights he should have, then we can't censor library books. This seemingly innocuous behavior can have larger consequences than expected. Many families have different values that they want to pass on to their children, the morals they want to teach them. The thing is, every family's boundaries and values are unique; we can't just assume anything about the average family. I personally know a family who are very protective of what their children read, watch or listen to. On the other hand, I know a family that allows children more freedom in choosing what to read. One set of parents wants to restrict their children from reading @MONTH1 differently than another set of parents. If they find material that they do not want their children to read, then they should review it at home. They can start by discussing why the material is inappropriate and hold the child accountable for obeying the parent. It can help parents become more involved in their children's lives and help their children's personal growth in a responsible and respectful manner. In the end, it all comes down to freedom. Do we want to live in a country with a free press and public access? My answer is yes, and I believe this is also the answer of my colleague @CAPS5. We cannot clearly draw the line between "offensive" and "good" because we are all different. Therefore, we cannot put our opinion on public institutions, but at home. It is not correct to limit the content accessible to the general public because of one opinion.
Most people think of a library as a harmless place. However, some libraries are often found with objectionable books and magazines on their shelves. Kids interested in reading can't be looking for a book and picking up a @CAPS1 novel with a naked lady on the cover. I do believe that libraries need some sort of censorship not just on their shelves, but also on computers and movies. Let me explain further why libraries have such bounds. The library is a place to escape and explore your mind in a fascinating way; by reading! Now you want to search for one of your favorite books and find an objectionable image? Nudity, curses and drugs are all objectionable images I see in the library. When an article about some kind of alcohol sits next to a children's magazine, it's not appealing. What kind of message are we trying to send them? Is it okay to get drunk or have sex and read the magical school bus? I think there needs to be some kind of organization to help review libraries. Since the media controls the internet and most magazines, I thought it would be a good idea to deal with them in our library. The library is not only a reading paradise for our children, but also friends and family. We don't want our kids to get the wrong message when looking at a book and picking out an autobiography on @PERSON1. Our library does need a review, and I believe it should happen soon. I don't mean to clear out all the books you've bought at some point, because that's in the past. No matter where you are, you can't escape aggressive gestures; but let's put it outside the library.
Do you want your kids to have a bad image in their minds? Should everyone read or watch whatever they want? I am a firm believer that these materials should be removed from the library in most cases. Offensive material has no business in the library. These materials are not good for children, they offend people, and they don't look good in the library where they are kept. First of all, I believe there is absolutely no reason for any child to see explicit material. This material can create a very aspiring toddler. If a child sees a magazine that contains pornographic content, the child will perceive the material as acceptable. The truth is, kids shouldn't know anything about the subject until they get their parents' consent. I know from experience that most parents do not want their children to see any of this material for an extended period of time. I have had some disturbing experiences myself. Once when I was a lad, I borrowed a horror movie from the local library and had no idea what the movie was about. When I looked, I was sure my parents weren't home. After about three minutes, I freaked out. The image from the movie stuck in my mind for a whole month. Children shouldn't be afraid for so long. Next, some of the material in the library contains something that offends random people. Large public libraries contain music with explicit lyrics. As a society, we don't want our young people to hear swear words in some released rap. In addition to this, the music offends many adults. Adults agree that there is no reason to post any rap in public places like libraries. Music is a very great art, but when some people abuse it, it no longer has a good image. I have observed that a child who hears singing at an early age is more likely to end up being an unsuccessful person. Additionally, some specific magazines contain images that offend the people of our society. This idea is related to my first thought, but I'll say it again. Images like blood sometimes offend our generation. We don't need these. If libraries banned offensive material, our society would eliminate another problem that is turning away from our wonderful world. I've been offended by some different magazine pictures before. One day when I have kids, I will never let them go to certain parts of the library with these materials. Finally, I would like to address the fact that certain libraries may have a bad reputation if they carry these materials. Also, the staff will definitely go to a different library, no bad music and violent movies. Most adults who want their children to be successful and have a good creative mind will think twice about going to the library without censoring certain items. I've read that libraries with bad material are far less likely to attract customers than libraries with censorship. I know that if I were the manager of a public library, I would make sure that anything that might offend others was removed immediately. Libraries should definitely not let bad gossip about how bad a particular library is to spread around town. Censorship is as important to libraries as taste is to food. Shelves containing inappropriate books, magazines and music will only bring down their customer numbers. If you think this will only help the library, I dare you to go ahead and try it. Everyone has an opinion, but I'm a firm believer in censorship in public and private libraries. Inappropriate books, magazines and music will only ruin the good reputation of the library @MONTH1. A library is a good place, but a library that is not reviewed is a complete disappointment. After all, this is your life, and you can choose how you want your child to act. Disturbing material will only negatively affect these minors. I would like to see an increase in the number of library reviews. If so, people will see a huge change in all the ideas I discuss.
As Katherine Paterson famously said, virtually everyone has the right to remove books, movies, magazines and other items from shelves if they are deemed offensive or inappropriate. However, it should be their decision, and only their decision; not other parents banding together to get the results they want; deleting certain books. In this day and age, many things are seen as offensive or inappropriate when previous generations didn't read them. When parents read these things today, they feel that these things are inappropriate, and when they were teenagers, they felt that these things were appropriate. Of course, in today's technological age, kids can touch almost anything as long as they know how to do it. So if a parent starts reviewing a project, they have a motivation or reason to read it or listen to it; and not listen to the parent. They also received unconventional or unintentional education. So, if parents censor their children, they have many reasons to read or listen against their parents' wishes anyway. So that's why parents shouldn't censor what their kids read, listen to, or watch because eventually they'll see. do you want that?
The topic of library review has been increasing over the past few years. A lot of people have discussed this issue, but no decision has been made. I said there should be no library review. If libraries were censored like they are now, I wouldn't have discovered my love for reading. I don't think the library should be censored. This undermines our fundamental rights. Like our right to freedom of speech. And our freedom of the press. We will no longer live in a free country, but a complete country. Although if they would impose an age limit on something @MONTH1 pleases debaters. I think a lot of people would agree if this suggestion was made. So if we do this, kids will only be able to read or listen to material that is appropriate for their age. Although it is the parents, not the library, who should review what children read and listen to. It is parents who introduce their children to music, magazines and books. If parents had started censoring the material early in this debate, it would not have continued as it is now. The topic of library censorship has been increasingly discussed and debated over the past few years. Some people want to review our library, although it's not the best option. @PERSON1 said, "If we had the power to censor libraries, they would no longer be any of our books.
I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the library. First, books can be used as an important learning resource for children, teens, and adults. Just because a book talks about @CAPS1 and @CAPS9 dying @MONTH1 is a bit off for some age groups but not for teens and adults. Books also convey messages about times past. Grab a book about slavery and what they used to call black @CAPS9 at the time. Just because it has some unpopular word doesn't mean kids and @CAPS9 shouldn't know it and where it came from, so they don't offend @CAPS9 everywhere they don't even know what the word means. Next, Movies Now there are movies that shouldn't be shown for certain age groups, I understand that, but movies like @CAPS2 and To @CAPS3 a @CAPS4 @CAPS5 are teaching us our @ORGANIZATION1 and how far we are from being quarantined and disrespect for each other's race. Movies also provide a more intuitive way to see what things look like, so we can have an interactive way of seeing how things look and how to connect books to movies. Movies are also important, and some say if we don't do anything about pollution, this will happen. So the movie will definitely stay on my list. Also, a big factor for @CAPS6 and @ORGANIZATION1 is the music. I can see that some of the music can be bad, but there are also some artists who have a really hard time talking about where they came from and how the music got them out of it. Plus, music doesn't hurt anyone. We take a look at the music in @DATE1 and compare it to the music now. We also understand how music evolves from one thing to another, a self-created way. Music has the ability to communicate and communicate with @CAPS9 and make statements that only music can make. For example, having someone give a speech about their feelings or thoughts. Turning that talk into song form now, I promise more @CAPS9 to capture the message and bring it out there on how they can help the cause. Especially if it's their favorite artist. Say your favorite artist is @CAPS7 @PERSON1, and now you'd rather hear @CAPS7 @PERSON1 make a statement about a life or political opinion than a song by @ORGANIZATION2. So music will definitely stay on the list for its ability to move @CAPS9 and make you feel different and see things you've never seen before. Lastly, magazines, some magazines are inappropriate. Now I'm pretty sure you won't see these magazines on library shelves, so no one should worry about that. Now magazines like @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 @CAPS11 are just for fun, they're not hurting anyone because it's just pictures, and honestly no kid will read the text of celebrity interviews. So magazines are harmless in the library, just used to follow current events and inform @CAPS9 if there's something new to discover or what's happening in @ORGANIZATION1. In conclusion, I don't think things like books, music, movies and magazines should be removed from library shelves anywhere.
The things on the shelves in bookstores and elsewhere can be very objectionable. I think the use of profanity in music and sexy things can offend women. I do listen to some music, but since I don't think it's supposed to be in music and books, I'll pay attention. One day I think @CAPS1.SA will be run by a woman. @CAPS3 pointed out that this is wrong. Women have the same rights as @CAPS2. @CAPS3 Some people think women are just slaves to @CAPS3, and that is dead wrong. Women and @CAPS2 are the same no matter what people say. Katherine Paterson is the right idea. It would be great if the law said that if you think something is objectionable you should be able to take it off the shelf and throw it away, but some people will say otherwise because @CAPS3 some people care @CAPS3 their self And act in whatever way they want, so they can act or make themselves feel better than they are. @CAPS3 are some kids who like to flip through magazines and see all the bad things they think those people are cool so they teach them how to act and do bad things and that's why I think we should be able to accept it off the shelf @CAPS3 is this day I was just looking around at @CAPS4-mart and I saw a magazine with some movie star holding her three kids. The title of the magazine is Superstar. Really sad to see these three kids on the cover because one day they @MONTH1 are not like @CAPS3 parents and have all the money in the world. @MONTH1 It seems really stupid these days that some people would care so much, I really think deep down it's life and we all need to get over ourselves because we can't all feel the same way about life. I've been thinking about this topic my whole life because now it seems like it's all about money, what @CAPS3 wear and what type of car or truck they drive. It seems really stupid, but when I see someone driving a new car worth @MONEY1, I really think about how someone is going to fund this car and everything else.
library. What's in the library? Well, libraries contain more than just books. They can have music, movies, magazines, books, and more. All things are not just for a specific age. The library has something for all ages, although some people don't like many of the materials in it. The library in my town has a place for kids, teens, adults and @CAPS level 1 stuff. Not everyone agrees what should be said loudly in public. The library tries to make it possible for everyone who comes here to find something that might be of interest to them. Although some of their choices may differ from what the public expects. When I go to the library, I think I'll mind that I see some @CAPS1-level stuff. Although I think everyone should have the freedom to read, watch, listen and hear what they want. I think having areas where kids can't go is a great way to get people what they want instead of exposing it to young people. Having these areas will help parents and children better understand what they hear or see in the library. What can be done about this problem? Even though @MONTH1 would cost more or be difficult for the owner of the library, I think it would be good to build rooms for different age groups. If younger kids see things like violets, drugs, and sex, they @MONTH1 think it's okay to do so. Most parents try to keep their kids out of those parts of the library, but don't always kill themselves. So I think building rooms for these areas is the right thing to do. While we all think different things should or shouldn't be seen in public, we can't stop them from appearing. We can try to limit them to places only visible to those who wish to see them. Just a little more than some people are willing to spend, but if you think about it when you were a kid, would you enjoy watching that stuff? If you have kids, do you want them to watch? I hope not. So when you find something inappropriate for an inappropriate audience, try to make better choices.
As Katherine Paterson said, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf." I think we can all agree with @CAPS2. We've all read something that we don't necessarily want to finish or wish we didn't. However, I don't think these materials should be taken off the shelf and placed out of reach of our young or adults. When you take away the material that some people use to learn, you take away their ability to learn. Yes, they @MONTH1 picked another book and learned from it, but we shouldn't decide what they can and can't read. Take the popular Internet video clip "@CAPS1 Guys Hit the Hammer" for example. @CAPS2 is a video of two people beating a homeless person to death with a hammer and screwdriver. I've never seen the @CAPS2 movie and heard friends talk about it, I don't want to. @CAPS2 seems like a creepy video clip that I'll never forget, but it's a perfect example of @CAPS2 because some people don't want to learn and some people can. I would never watch @CAPS2 or anything like @CAPS2, but my friends who watched @CAPS2 have learned something. That is you should be successful in life because if you are homeless then you may be beaten to death by some teens looking for "fun". I kid you not, after hearing @CAPS2's sad video, it inspired me to be a successful person, not homeless. @CAPS2 brings us back to the point - someone said, 'No, @CAPS2 videos can't be on the internet. None of my friends will see @CAPS2 or tell me about it. Therefore, I am not driven to be a good student and a good person. Then, when I grow up, I'll be homeless and have a chance to be a star in one of those videos. You can be sure that's not what I want. In conclusion, I don't think we should interfere with someone's right to learn. No matter how bad we think they are, we should never take away material that can be used to learn, because you never know, one person's pain is another person's learning tool. If we all take away material that we deem inappropriate or need to be reviewed, we'll be left with very little learning material. As Katherine Paterson put it, then there will be no books on any of our shelves.
@CAPS1 Offensive books, magazines and movies from teens should be removed from local libraries. The library is a place to relax and read. Most books and movies are filled with sex, gang violence, and drugs. Sex, drugs and gang violence seem to be everywhere in our generation. Books should be about learning. Offensive books and movies instill bad habits in young children. These are the reasons why offensive books, movies and magazines should be removed from our local libraries. Sex, gang violence and drugs seem to be everywhere in my generation. Every time you open a magazine, you will find different topics, but they all involve sex, drugs or violence. Children should never be exposed to such offensive behavior. You should be able to open a magazine and learn something completely new. Books are great for research papers and other school projects, but sometimes you can't find what you're looking for because of other topics. The reason you can't find what you're looking for is because every book or magazine you throw at it covers topics you don't want. As a teenager, every book I read it was always about sex or gang violence. If young children are expected to read bad topics, bad habits develop in the child. They say you participate in what you read. Bad habits can lead to many things, like killing, smoking, and getting pregnant. This is why all parents should have guidance for their children out there. As me, the local library should not have any objectionable books, movies and magazines. Offensive books and movies can cause a lot of problems. It takes kids where they don't need it, and if you have a lot of bad habits, you won't be able to learn. Only books and movies should allow you to learn something at your local library.
@CAPS1, I read an interesting @CAPS2 by Katherine Paterson the other day. @CAPS2 said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - work I hate - Then you have the same rights, and so do other people. Then we don't have books on the shelves for any of us. I don't think people should have the right to take books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from library shelves, Or any other place where these items are displayed. So I agree with Paterson's %@NUM1 because people have their own choices. Some content of @MONTH1 is more offensive to different people than others. I have observed people, And they're all different, so why do we think that way? The answer is yes, they should be different. But if you find a book, song, movie, or magazine that offends or disgusts you, then put it Put it back, others might find it funny, it's simple. I want to know what my fellow citizens think about what Patterson said. I'm asking for your help. I hope you put @CAPS2 on @CAPS1 , to hear what people have to say about this. Thanks for taking my @CAPS4. @PERSON2
Most of us have had times when we were really obsessed with the book or magazine we were reading, and suddenly we came across vulgar language, pictures or activities that didn't suit us. Why did the author have to throw it in the book? Why doesn't the back of the book tell me that this book is offensive? Why does this magazine in the library have dangerous pictures? @MONTH1 to even make some people lose interest in that particular author, or possibly convince someone to stop accessing that library. Certain materials in the library should be removed. The number one reason why some material in a library should be removed is because it is not suitable for children or even teens. Let's say your kids are in the library and they pick up a random book to look at. It turns out that the synopsis of the story behind is actually about college students partying and participating in illegal activities. Your child, on the other hand, won't read summaries and just want books based on the moral of the story, interesting covers, and critic reviews. If your child reads that book with foul language and illegal activities, you are likely to be upset. The second reason some material in libraries should be removed is because books and other material with offensive material can be placed in bookstores, not public libraries. In this case, parents can make it more satisfying for their children to read any material in the library. Adults and older teens can still choose their own material, they just have to go to the bookstore to find what they need. They @MONTH1 can't borrow items for free like they do at the library, but it will be safer for kids and teens. Not to mention, those who respect their morals too much will read objectionable material. The third reason some material in the library should be removed is because libraries should be ordered to state on the back of books, magazines, movies, etc. in whatever way they choose, if the book contains any @MONTH1 deemed Content that offends readers. That way, if someone questions a book summary, a risky title, or a cover illustration, they can turn to the back and see if they can live with it. Libraries should remove certain materials from their shelves. It will create a more civilized tour for the library. Never worry about accidentally bumping into a sentence or chapter in a book that goes against someone's morals. Or flip through pages in a magazine and see images that offend you. Libraries will contain safe books suitable for all ages, while bookstores can happily have objectionable material on their shelves. It's a win-win situation.
Should books that seem offensive to you be put off? I know most people agree that certain things are "better" for our kids if they don't read or listen. But what happens if everything we think is wrong is taken from the ego? I don't think we have the right to take a book off the shelves because of the content. If I read a book and think, "@CAPS1's book offends me and my beliefs," then I shouldn't read it. Just because it offends me doesn't mean it offends others. Every book ever written has an impact on someone, in a good way or a bad way. Does that mean they have the right to say, 'Take them off the shelf? I remember when I was in second grade, there was a girl in the class and her mom came in and complained about my teacher playing gospel music while we were working. The parents were very angry with the teacher, and I didn't know why at the time. Now I realize it's because they don't believe what's in the lyrics. The teacher never played music in class again and was afraid to play any other type of music. Since everyone has a different opinion, by the time everyone removes the book that offends them, the book is gone. As Katherine Paterson said, "But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- I hate that kind of work -- then you have the same right, and so do other people. " Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. In conclusion, I feel strongly that books, whether or not they offend someone, should be kept secret. Taking this book down won't accomplish anything.
I think we should put objectionable material on library shelves. People have their own thoughts and opinions on offensive material like @CAPS1 and shouldn't be in the library for kids to read, or we should have offensive material because @CAPS1 might help someone someday. Sometimes when people think of objectionable material, they think it's bad and bad for people to read or watch because @CAPS1 doesn't treat people right. And then some objectionable material like videos or movies can also be very entertaining, making movies great to watch. Today I heard that offensive material can help high school students work on a project, @CAPS1 can also show us how offensive material is returning in the past, and @CAPS1 can also teach us more about offensive material. Today, we do a lot of studies or projects for schools, and we do it to gain more knowledge about the subject. As a high school student, I would research the topic of offensive material. Why are you asking me to do this? You can learn more about @CAPS1 as a result of researching this objectionable material. Like where did @CAPS1 come from and why people are offended, you may find out more than you know, and it's good to find out what you don't. So if we take away objectionable material, we'll never be able to learn more about @CAPS1 or know where @CAPS1 came from. It's a good thing to still have offensive books because you're educated not to be offensive. Going to the library is fun and exciting because you can read all these books. Well, when you choose a book, you can choose a recent book or a book in the past. In case there is objectionable material on the shelves in our library. Let's say here that you went to the library today and you want to work on a paper on objectionable material from the past. Then in the library, they'll have generations of books on offensive material. This provides us with objectionable material from the past. So libraries are a good thing because we need to understand what happened in the past. Everyone goes to the library to learn more about what they like to do or read a really good book. Well, I know a lot of people are keen to learn more about offensive material. Offensive material is like a good book, you can read @CAPS1 and learn more. Some people think that studying too much is a bad thing, especially when @CAPS1 uses objectionable material. Learning too much is not even a discussion because people can learn anything they want. If the library takes objectionable material @CAPS1 like talking about a good book from you. People can think what they want to think about offensive material. Like I said before, if a library takes an objectionable book, it's like taking a good book from a reader. People do need to know about objectionable material, which is why we still have these books. If we don't want to know objectionable material, why are they posting all the books and videos about @CAPS1. This is why I think we should put objectionable material on library shelves
Who does @MONTH1 care about: @CAPS1 You take the books because someone might find them objectionable? Do you believe racism is part of literature? Libraries are considering removing books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from their inventory for review. They argue that individuals may be offended by certain types of beliefs through the variety of recreational activities in the library. These types of entertainment should not be aloud from public or private libraries. At many libraries, their inventory is being stripped for review. This means that books, magazines, movies and music are being removed because some people might find them offensive. Individuals may disagree with certain beliefs about their lifestyle and what they believe. Literature can be described as the art of an individual depicting it in his/her own way. It has been in the world since humans first learned to write. That means it has always had war, politics, art and slavery. All of these are part of literature, and thus literature is history in its own way. Some say objectionable material should be taken out of the library. They probably think it should be removed from anywhere. It shouldn't. It's part of history. @CAPS1 You ripped off an era of history just because you found it offensive? I know I won't. It tells us what happened at the time. It tells us what is going on in that part of the world. It tells us what people thought at the time. Many people think racism is wrong, but we shouldn't believe that no one thinks it's right. A lot of people think it's right. They may think white skin is better than dark skin, but we should respect their beliefs in exchange for them respecting ours. Literature is important to society and how it works. Without it, we wouldn't be where we are today. Literary works should stay on the shelves of the library to which they belong. Personal opinion is part of the book, and we should respect that. @CAPS1 you want to know because you spoil an important part of history
Many people have different views and perspectives on things. No opinion or point of view is right or wrong. Controversial books, music and movies should not be taken off the shelves because not everyone finds them objectionable, people have the right to see them, and others cannot make decisions for everyone. Everyone has the right to have their own views and opinions, but they cannot let others see things their own way. If anyone is in the library and thinks the "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" series is offensive, they're probably the only ones who think so. They can't tell the library to delete them because they're uncomfortable with the books. Things work by the majority rule, and that person is not the majority. They are the only ones with problems. Everyone has the right to as long as it's legal . If someone finds a type of music they find objectionable, they can't tell the store to remove it. One cannot change everything to meet their needs. If this type of music were removed, they would make a lot of people unhappy. To keep everyone happy, this guy just doesn't listen. One can listen to a lot of music without feeling uncomfortable. One person cannot make decisions for all. The president doesn't even make his own decisions; he has the government to help him. If someone feels a magazine is inappropriate, they have no right to change it. They're not in charge, so they can't be the ones changing the magazine. It may not be appropriate, but other people like to read it. I believe everyone is entitled to their own opinions and perspectives, but they shouldn't let everyone see it their own way. Books, music, movies and magazines are rarely things people try to control because they are uncomfortable with the subject matter in the material. Something is inappropriate or objectionable, but one cannot change it. Not everyone will find it objectionable, people have the right to see, watch or listen to what they want, one person cannot make decisions for all
Should certain works that are classified as "inappropriate" or "offensive" be taken off the shelves and cannot be sold or seen in stores? If you do, do you think activists running for @CAPS1 can express their thoughts and opinions on different topics? This is exactly what is being done when someone writes an article or a book and they have it published and distributed to a store or library. When someone writes a book about something, they are usually interested in whatever topic they are discussing. Like @CAPS2 campaigners present themselves to the public and announce which party they will run for and what their beliefs and doubts are. If it's okay for someone to take a book off a bookshelf or even a magazine because people think it's "inappropriate", then maybe we should reconsider what activists are saying on live @CAPS3. Even if you walk into a store with naked magazines on the shelves, or CDs with swear words in their lyrics, do you think these should be taken off the shelves? There are times and places where such things shouldn't be shown. For example, when you go to a kid's store, something like this is put aside for kids to see, and if music is mentioned, they won't forget what they saw or heard. Children have a good memory for things they shouldn't remember. Like when they read a story that includes someone robbing a bank, or a song that mentions drinking or drugs. When kids see or even hear things like this, they're more likely to try things we hope little kids won't try. When someone spends months or even years writing a story, they hope they'll get it published and be rewarded for long hours of hard work. By doing this, they're trying to get it published and put in stores so people can buy it. It's the same whether you're talking about music, movies, or books. Stuff should be shown and people should be able to see all the different types of music and stories available. People stop recording music, performing movies, or even writing ads and books if things are going to be taken off shelves or not shown. When and if this happens, people will not be educated about the new data available. If no one writes science books or biographies, no one learns new things. The same goes for music and movies, if people take months or even a year to write a new album, or come up with an idea for a movie and they work on it, they want to get it out there. If it finally comes out and people get a chance to buy it, they hope it will stay available. If that wasn't the case, and the film was deemed "inappropriate," the songwriters and actors likely didn't feel the urge to do it again. In conclusion, I think that if someone wrote something or recorded something, and they put in a lot of work and time, they should be rewarded and allowed to sell their items. If someone thinks an item is "inappropriate" then they should comment on themselves and don't get the item removed from the show. Some people like things that don't "fit" and they think it's funny. Of course, if an author or producer makes a book or a movie, they think it's good, and they trust people to buy their product. So, if the author thinks so, there must be someone who feels the same way. How do we know if someone agrees and likes the book or movie if someone thinks the material is "inappropriate" and gets pulled.
What if someone told you that you can't wear a yellow shirt because it's offensive? What if they say you can't look a certain way because you might offend someone? It's not just one person or group of people that has the power to decide what is and isn't appropriate. With so many different religions and traditions throughout @LOCATION2, it's downright ridiculous to have one standard for all. If @CAPS1 has no restrictions when it comes to clothing, groceries, or cars, why should libraries have restrictions? Libraries should not be censored, as censorship not only limits library resources and stifles knowledge uptake by @LOCATION2, but also threatens our future. When one travels to the library, one would expect to find a book, magazine and/or movie about anything. It can be very frustrating to find that a library that is supposed to have content on almost any topic doesn't have what you want. Let's say you like a book about the assassination of @PERSON1, so you ask the librarian where to find it. If she says they don't carry assassination books, you'll be disappointed because they're too vulgar for young kids. This can get very cumbersome and limit the library's resources. Library censorship limits not only content but also learning in @LOCATION2 @CAPS2, should people be kept informed if knowledge is blocked? Many people without computers rely on libraries. If they can't get what they need at the library, where will they go? If libraries don't provide library audiences with the content they want, they lose business and money. People will take their business elsewhere. Protest @MONTH1 erupted, rebellious citizen @MONTH1 protested censorship, causing uproar in society. The people won't be the only thing out of your control. Censorship is sure to get out of hand, too. @CAPS1 has been censored on news stations, radio and TV. Libraries are a place where infinite knowledge becomes a reality, much to the comfort of many @CAPS1s. In the library, people choose what they learn: they are not forced teachers or parents. The censorship by @MONTH1 was initially a small intervention, but it could turn our country upside down. Next thing we know, our thinking can be influenced by books that only "they" see fit. What kind of society will we have then? Personality will be lost, opinions will be forgotten. Clearly, library censorship is dangerous and unpredictable. If the library is censored, not only will the knowledge in @LOCATION2 disappear, but the library will also lose respect and threaten the future of @LOCATION1. No one told me what to wear or what to say, so why should anyone tell me what to read? We are all entitled to our own opinions and beliefs. Our @CAPS4 @CAPS5 earned us our freedoms, we can't let censorship take them away
@PERSON1 @NUM1 @DATE2, @DATE1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 You should be able to read any book, listen to any music, watch any movie you want, right? Well, not always in some libraries. Some people find books, music and movies offensive and unsuitable for public libraries. In the public library, I think all books should be borrowed there! The books may contain more adult material, but that's okay. For more inappropriate books, libraries are required to provide adult sections. Only for books with more adult content and not suitable for younger readers. If they think the book of their choice is right for them, the person checking the book should make the final decision. Music in the library should not be censored. The lyrics may be inappropriate, but most teens listen to this type of music. For younger kids, they shouldn't be able to check out the more adult @CAPS3. In @CAPS1's opinion, for more adult music, you should be at least thirteen. Children under the age of 13 should not choose to view this music. Some parents don't know what their children have borrowed from the library. If below the age requirement, the child should have any music checked by the parent attentively. I think some movies should be removed if they are found offensive. Some movies have scary scenes that should be in the adult section. In a library, you wouldn't expect to find movies with very adult material. At movie rental stores, you'll want to find adult movies, but not in public libraries. Movies for kids to watch should be educational, fun, and most importantly, appropriate! Katherine Paterson is absolutely right when she says, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids, or any other kids, don't take off the shelf". I don't want @CAPS1 little cousin to read books with racial comments, just to make clear inappropriate content for kids of that age. Even if kids don't understand what everything means, they'll ask questions that parents probably aren't ready to answer. As children, they may have the wrong ideas in their minds and say the wrong things. In public libraries, books should not be censored, movies should be censored, and music should not be censored. It all boils down to what do you allow your child to read, watch and listen to? This is a debate about the content of the material that has passed several libraries. Now that you know what @CAPS1 said about censorship, maybe others will also consider this an important topic
Free speech is an important aspect of @LOCATION1, which is why our country has thrived over the years. In the constitution, it provides for freedom of the press, which means if something is written that might offend some people, then they have to deal with it. Some might say some material is objectionable, and sometimes it is. But I don't think books, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves because of what other people think. Over the years, at @LOCATION1, things have gotten more anomalous in the media and books. Rights have always existed, but have not been fully implemented. Books were burned, banned, and even people were killed for writing there. It continued over the years until @LOCATION1 shifted its mindset to a broader and more open view. While it's still going on, I think it's pretty closed. In some cases, people will blame books that have nothing to do with killing because they committed the murder. I do think there are limits to how you distribute certain books and magazines. They shouldn't be selling a book about death, poverty or sex in public schools. We all have different things we like to read and write about. So why should we be taken away because some people find it offensive. I don't think, if you don't like it, put it down and let someone who can read it pick it up. In my own experience, I've seen bad people do what they expect, bad things. They try to blame it on books, stories or @CAPS1 shows they read. That's just an easy way out of trouble. I've read and seen very drastic things in my life, but does it make me want to do bad things, no! I know I can't speak for everyone when I say books, magazines, etc. or harmless. But think about it this way, do sometimes people who read a story think they can learn and take in from it, instead of going out and doing what the characters in the story do? Reading opens up new things and is scientifically proven to make you smarter in the long run. The more you read, the more awareness and knowledge you gain, and just because you've read a book about something doesn't mean you support it. It probably means you want to know about it so you can understand it more.
Today, kids can find any way of reading imaginable on library shelves. Some age-appropriate magazines, books and movies. Children can also find some very inappropriate magazines, books and movies on the same shelves. Should we remove these inappropriate items? Can we somehow keep kids from seeing them? Children are curious. They want to know everything, and they ask as many questions as they can. What do we do when they see inappropriate items on library shelves? Libraries should not remove items that are not suitable for children by @MONTH1. Instead, books and magazines should have a rating system. Movies have ratings so kids don't see inappropriate things; books should have those ratings too. If someone wants to check out something not kid friendly then they can show their @CAPS1 to the librarian. Everyone can check out something for their age. Libraries can even put all the most inappropriate items in a separate section of the library. This is probably the part that kids can't get into. Parents should also pay attention to their children to make sure they aren't getting into anything inappropriate. The only scrutiny they should do with libraries is to rate projects by maturity. Kids can look at the shelves, but we should put labels on where they can and cannot check out. Parents can keep an eye on what their kids are trying to read. I believe this is the most we can do.
There are many libraries with many books, magazines, music and movies. There are some things in the library that are not suitable for children. So the library has a section for adults and a section for children. There should be only one library for children, then another library for adults. Then I also think they should remove the bad stuff from the library shelves. So there are children's books and there are adult books. In most libraries I've seen them either upstairs for adults or downstairs for children. They also have kids' toys there, so if the parents there want to go upstairs, the kids can sit there and play with the toys. Then I also feel like they should remove the bad stuff from the shelf. Because if a kid goes there with mom or dad to open a book and sees something really inappropriate? So they should be taken off the shelves in the library, and if someone wants to buy them, they have to go online or go to a store. Anyone who owns or is at a library should take away all bad magazines, music, books, etc. Off the shelf. It's a very bad thing to have in a public place, and it shouldn't be said out loud. Public Libraries Should Take All Inappropriate Things From Their Shelves
The library has books, magazines, movies, etc. The library is a great place to read in a quiet place. It can also be an offense to some people. They think they can complain and ride bikes about it, but should all this activity be removed from library shelves? But anyway, who's against it. If I find an offensive book, movie or magazine on a library shelf, I'll keep it. Obviously that's not a bad thing, because if it were, they wouldn't put it on the shelf. So if I'm offended by it, I don't look at it or pick it up. I mean it's simple. The library is full of everything you'll love. Many different people enjoy reading and watching different books and movies, which means the library has the right to put whatever they want @MONTH1. Even if it's offensive to some people. As far as my experience with the library is concerned, nothing offends me. I'm the kind of person who doesn't care. However, I see the author making fun of @CAPS1 people. @CAPS2 also saw a book written by the author about black people and how they were treated in the past, some of which featured @PERSON1 witches were major racism against black people. It can be an unfair situation for some people with children, with books on the shelf that don't fit, they see. This may offend children and parents. Or maybe even in a magazine. But why take books off the shelves when books, magazines, etc. don't matter to everyone? If librarians took all the offensive books off the shelves, there would be no books left. Everyone has different things that can offend them. If you don't like the look of the book, you can take it to your friends and they can read it, or you can put it back in the library. You can also talk to the library manager and tell them about the offensive problems it presents to you. Books, movies, magazines, etc. are all in the library. They may or may not be offensive. If you think they are then don't look at it or read it. its as simple as get it or not
If we delete all the books that we don't think should be on the shelves. Is there anything to read? Many books are very detailed and give us a vivid picture of what we are reading. Even books we thought we could read sometimes end up with a surprise that no one sees. I don't think we should remove books, music, movies etc just because they are offensive to some people. Instead of deleting books that other people like to read, we should rate books the same way we do movies and music. Or put books that some people find offensive in their own place. If all books are rated as movies, we know what is being purchased or viewed. Movies are rated based on the language and content within them. So should books. Alternatively, if someone finds a book or magazine offensive, they should be placed in a different location with a label indicating that they may offend others. I don't think they should be removed and out of the way. I think books that are too objectionable should be on their own shelf. By doing this, people will know not to let the kids out there near them because they've been tagged. Like a movie rated "@CAPS1", minors need to be with adults. But at the age of @NUM1, you should be able to find books of your choice. In my opinion this would be a good idea and it should be done. There are a bunch of books I can think of that are not suitable for young children. However, little ones love to read and they can easily take a book off the shelf if they are happy. Many parents complain about what their children read, watch or listen to every day. Labing would be a great way to control some of the content they hear and see every day. I think a lot of parents would agree with me and stick with it. I'm not talking about throwing out offensive books, music, movies, etc., but labeling them so others know what they're about to read or see. I believe this will be a great way to make sure our kids don't read things we as parents don't want them to read or check
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I recently finished reading a quote from the great author Katherine Paterson and how she feels about the use of specific types of material in the book. For example, some @CAPS1 @MONTH1 would be offended by a certain language used in the book. The other @MONTH1 just thought the picture didn't quite fit. Having said that, I believe that if certain material in one book makes you uncomfortable, you should switch to another book. My belief is that many authors feel that a book is a place where they can write their thoughts and beliefs about what is happening in this world. An author should not be denied the opportunity to write a book just because of the way the author expresses his emotions. @CAPS1 shouldn't be allowed to give hateful opinions just because they don't like a book. It seems to me that no one is forcing them to read. Now I'm not saying I read a lot. In fact, I barely read, but when I do, I sometimes crave to keep reading. The way the author describes things, if at times profanity, is amazing. You can actually feel that you are part of this book. Now my point is that even though for many @CAPS1 books @MONTH1 is horrible, for others @MONTH1 is the best book in the world. So if you do start taking books off the shelf, you'll just end up with a giant empty shelf. There is no book that we would consider, the "perfect book." @CAPS2 book can give a nasty comment, but also @CAPS2 book can give the best comment. The world is too big, start picking. My beliefs are different from yours, but that's how I feel, and that's how I will continue to feel. So tell me, what are your beliefs?
Have you ever been to the library and found that some books are not the best choice for young children to read? Well, I'm about to write a persuasive article explaining what I think is best for younger kids to read. I've been to multiple libraries and found that some books, magazines and movies are extreme ways of reading/watching for kids. In my opinion, kids under @CAPS5 should not be exposed to books, movies or magazines rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @NUM1. Kids don't have to know what a grown-up movie, book or magazine should look like at @NUM2. I think kids should watch or read @CAPS2 movies and books. Some of you might be like "but there won't be any way to know what that means." @CAPS4 If kids don't know what something means, that certainly doesn't stop them from saying it. Children learn by doing or watching other things. They end up asking what that means, or what the word mom means. No parent wants to tell a child the meaning of a four-letter word at the age of three. If you're one of the few parents who doesn't know how to explain things to your kids, you can pull out older books/movies. But don't let them read there by themselves. Usually kids start asking more adult things when they reach the age of @CAPS5 and above. That's when you as a parent can start getting them to read and watch older movies and books. 12 is still a very young age for a child to read and watch old movies alone. That's when you as a parent can sit next to them and explain what happened. When we were kids, we looked up to our parents. We learn from seeing what you do. It's the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that were extreme to us when we were ten years old. At sixteen, kids are usually fine there, they know what to expect. They know what's going on and they know how to deal with it. In conclusion, I think books, magazines and movies rated @CAPS1 should stay above 1-@CAPS5. I think kids are better off learning what they need to know at the beginning of middle school. Then, once they're in high school, they'll know what it's all about being an adult
Many books, movies and magazines are made for adults and children of different ages. I agree that certain books are not suitable for certain children. Are some parents right to ban books from schools and libraries? Authors create books and stories because they like the idea that students can write what we want on paper because that's what we want, and that's called freedom. Schools can try to be creative and have ways to only allow books from the appropriate age group. Books are an important part of student learning. Parents need to learn and understand that no matter how much they dislike '@CAPS1, they can' @CAPS1 protect their kids from the world who will be moved out of the house to support themselves one day. How do children and teens know how to live, or what to do and how to react when they hear bad words or watch sex on @CAPS1.V. If students never know how they will live. Books can be learned in many ways. Some teens may be going through things that parents may not want to talk to their kids about. Maybe the family can' @CAPS1 afford public library passes. So the only other option is books from the school library. If students can '@CAPS1 have access, what are their options? Everyone knows how society is changing today, and if students want to learn about sex or @ORGANIZATION1's, they should be able to if the age is right. All libraries lend books, so this book has a name. I know students in our school just come in to get books instead of borrowing books, but some students still use cards to borrow books. If the school has books that we only target to a certain age group then it is advisable to have older students check them and only the appropriate age to put books under lockdown. So for students to unlock and check books, they have an electronic key to unlock books in their age group. When students unlock books and go to check, the computer knows which books are available to a particular student. Books are important for learning, all books need to stay and not be blocked by parents.
Library review? In my opinion, I really don't care if a book, movie or magazine is censored. I'm not a big reader, but I do know that some books, magazines and movies are full of flattery. It seems to me that this is just the way the author wants to do it. I think libraries should have these types of materials on their shelves, but also in sections. Taking them off the shelves is disrespectful to the author/producer. That's their job and they take the time to do it for our entertainment! Maybe you really don't like all the curses in books and magazines and want them to go away... well, listen, there are piles of books out there, and you can find books that aren't too bad! If you're more of a movie type, but don't like curses or nudity, there are plenty of very innocent movies out there! I hate when I sit down to a movie with my family and all of a sudden actors start throwing the word @CAPS1 all over the place and half-naked women show up. But if we simply read the movie on the back of the case or ask about it, then we'd know to choose another movie. A product that is more family-oriented and eye-safe for children. So just because some materials carry various animalistic languages and indecent human behavior, doesn't mean you should ban them from your library. If some people want to fill their minds with filth, let them. But for those who don't, get something else. Just try to tell others about better books they can read and better movies to watch. Be a role model and teach them healthier ways to watch
Censorship in libraries today is a major problem. There are groups that support and challenge these ideas of censoring our children's books and other media. Do you think it's right for someone else to decide what we can or can't read? Personally, I think we should be able to make our own choices when it comes to deciding whether a book or a movie is too cheesy to read. As humans, we have the ability to make our own decisions. Every day we face hundreds of decisions; whether it's what clothes we're going to wear that day, or what type of food we want to eat. In that sense, no one can tell us what we can't do, so why allow them to tell us what can or can't be read? @MONTH1 It looks vulgar to one person, but may not be so offensive to another. Everyone has a different taste in media. This is why it is wrong for a person to decide what to watch or read for others. What they think is wrong @MONTH1 is perfectly normal for the individuals they make the decision. It should be the responsibility of parents to censor the media for their children. If a parent does not want their child to be exposed to a certain media element, that parent should not allow their child to see or read it. Everyone has their own perspective on things, and that's what makes us individual human beings. The ability to make and process decisions is one of the greatest human talents. These decisions should never be left to the people sitting in @LOCATION1's office. Are we really free when governments make decisions that affect us as individuals? When TV censorship is questioned, I believe that's why we have ratings. These ratings warn people about what's included, graphic or not. With these, we have no reason to remove a show or movie from the public entirely. I believe books should do the same. Books should be asked to rate them age-appropriately. If you are under the age required to purchase or check out, then you will be rejected and will not be able to get the book. Ratings apply to TV and movies, so why can't they apply to books? In some cases, some media should be destroyed and hidden from the public. Media showing racism against any race or religion should be banned. By doing so, I believe the only impact this will have on society will be positive. Review these genres or movies, books, etc. Could save a lot of people from hurt or embarrassment. I believe we should be allowed to choose the books, shows or movies we read or watch. This includes all forms of media, excluding any media that provokes racism and hatred of a group of people. The decisions we make should be influenced by the rating system developed for all media. As human beings, we are born with the right to make our own decisions. We should never take away this right
I don't think people should be given the right to do this. Like Katherine Paterson said, if people eliminated everything that offended them, none of us would be left with any books. Everyone can choose whether they want to read or not. If they don't want to, then they don't have to. Just because one person doesn't like something doesn't mean others don't like it either. Honestly, some people get mad at everything, if they don't like this book or anything about @MONTH1, they don't have to read it. I find a lot of people say things that offend me, but that doesn't mean I have the right to make them stop talking. However, I do agree that certain standards should be set for certain books. Some books are too graphic for small children to read, and I think they have to be a certain age to read. However, I don't think they should be taken off the shelves just because they are graphics. Maybe the book has a very subtle point, like the book "@CAPS1". In this book, a young girl is raped very harshly. However, the author did not write the book to tell everyone about her experience. She wrote this book to explain that no matter what happens, there is always something that can help. The book is a success story, showing in vivid detail the pain this girl went through. Some may find this offensive, but most find it invigorating to know that they are not the only ones that have happened to them. Books aren't the only things that might offend some people. In some department stores, @MONTH1 has a movie with a line I offend. Does this give me the right to take it down and ask for it to be banned? No, why is that? Because I can choose to see it or not. Another place is @CAPS2. If you ask me, there's a lot more offensive content on @CAPS2 than in the books. Kids can use @CAPS2 and stumble upon things they should never see, does that mean we should ban @CAPS2? No, because @CAPS2 also helps in many ways. I can find offense in everything in the library if I want to. Religion-based books, or possibly musician-based websites, with references to drugs in the lyrics. I'd be pissed if I came to the library to listen to music and someone took them off the computer. Maybe I don't like what they're listening to, but that doesn't mean I can't do anything about it. So, my opinion is that a book, or anything else, shouldn't be banned just because someone doesn't like what it contains. Not everyone will like the same book, which is why there are so many to choose from. Libraries shouldn't be told which books they can and can't check out. After all, we are not forced to do anything. We are all different and we like different things, but we should accept other people's tastes as well as our own
Books, music and movies are being pulled from shelves globally because they are deemed offensive. Books, movies and music are created for a reason. It's a form of entertainment and a way to accumulate knowledge. Artists, writers, and publishers publish their work for information and to make their voices heard, which is their freedom of speech. Books, magazines, music and movies should not be removed if they are found to be objectionable. Library censorship just hides something from society. If all books on @CAPS1 were banned and no one could read them, no one would be informed of this terrible event and could easily be reborn. Most movies and books have relevant information, depict events that could or have happened, and teach valuable lessons. Artists and authors use their work to convey a point of view to their audience, whether it's a lesson or learning valuable or interesting information. People shouldn't be allowed to take things off the shelf like they're doing. The material we read, the music we listen to, the movies we watch should be our decisions. It shouldn't be up to others who want to take it off the shelf. If someone finds material objectionable, they should take their own actions to benefit themselves, such as choosing not to expose themselves or their family to the material. Banning public participation deprives people of the opportunity to do things that interest them. Some material may be banned for a simple word, sentence or even an idea. The book @CAPS2 @CAPS3's @CAPS4 has been cursed many times, but this book tells the true story of an event that could happen to anyone. It also indirectly includes that the family may be torn apart if you let them, but the choice is yours and you can stop it from happening. Small things like language shouldn't cause material to be taken off the shelf and unavailable to those who appreciate it. Kathryn Patterson is right, if we can get stuff off the shelf, then we'll have nothing. Most materials contain something that people won't agree with, but what's the point of making new materials if we just keep getting rid of something. There will always be issues of finding objectionable material, but no one should have the right to ban everyone from using it. Materials are being pulled from shelves across the globe due to objectionable material, but they were created for a reason. It is not only for entertainment, but also for knowledge. Artists, writers, and publishers publish their work for information and to make their voices heard, which is their freedom of speech.
Did your child bring home a book? A piece of music, a movie or a magazine? Have you ever thought that the information your child brings home might offend others? There are times when there is no answer to this question and you don't want to choose yes or no. The key question is whether you want to remove books, music, movies and magazines from your shelf just because parents don't think it's suitable for kids to read. Katherine Paterson said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf Books, that's the job I hate, then you have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. Then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 The point in this sentence is that if you have every Every time I take a book off the shelf, someone thinks it's not suitable for kids, then there's no book to read. Agree with Katherine, parents @MONTH1 want the best for their kids, but there's a reason Let you agree with the average parent and there are reasons to disagree. There are some books in the world that only adults can read, and some books that are too advanced for children to read. These books are there for a reason and have their own purpose Why put it there. Parents have to sit down and think about their kids and then think about the rest of the world, it's a big world and you can't just take things from it. No matter how much you want to protect your kids, from looking at As far as older books are concerned, there is no way to stop it. I think the books are there for whatever reason. There is no reason why one should disagree with the way someone wrote the book It should be taken off the shelf for that child. Libraries can't just start taking books off the shelves for individual mothers who don't like this or that. Many people come from different fields and see things from different perspectives and they don't know right Difference from wrong. The world out there is bigger than you and me. When a person tries to fight the world, they get knocked down. So why fight when the world is supposed to be peaceful?
In my opinion, I don't think there is a need to censor books and movies. A lot of people are just too protective. They just need to calm down and face the facts. Ultimately, everyone will be exposed to almost everything mentioned in the book at some point in their life. Life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any time. As you get older, you may end up reading books you shouldn't. Those who think library books should be censored are likely to do so, at least in their community. I think the way the library should be organized is that when you walk in, you know the section you want to be in. They should have one section for adult books, one section for teen books, and another section for children's books library as well. This will help parents who go with their children to keep them in the right place. It also helps to find your book if you know what type of book it is. Another good thing that helps library is a sign for classified books. So if you go into the teen section and you're looking for a good mystery book. You just have to look at the top of the bookcase or the ceiling where the sign is. This will mostly help people who have never been to a library or don't know how to search for their books in a library. The next thing is to have all the movies, magazines and music in the adult, kids and teen categories. They will be in various sections of the book, but at the same time separate from the movie and music signs in that section. This way, kids don't have to hunt around for the specific movie they want, nor do they have to hunt around in the adult section. Movies and magazines don't have to fall entirely into categories like mystery, because in our day and age, movies are usually better known than books. One of the great things about keeping the little ones in the right section is coloring it with lots of bright colors that will grab their attention. If a kid gets into a dull and boring section, they @MONTH1 just wander around the adult section and stumble upon something their parents didn't want them to do. The child part may have many colors, the teen part may be one color, and the adult part may be the most monotonous of all. All my ideas will work and make all the kids happy. If they are interested in taking a walk in the library, they will also be more interested in reading. These are the only ideas I have that work. There may be more to interest the kids, but just a little
To delete or not to delete Should people be able to delete offensive books? I think so; it will help our children and young people read more educational books than magazines and comics. First, everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not. I personally don't think we should remove books because they are objectionable; I don't think we should make that particular person stop publishing books. But like I said everyone has their own opinion. Second, it's all up to the library where they put certain books with gore and gore, and whether they have them. I personally like bloody books; because it shows how the world is. It's not like a book where you can save a princess or maiden. Finally, if parents are concerned about offensive books, don't let your kids get that kind of book, give them a boring book. I mean books we know kids shouldn't read, but parents let kids read. In conclusion, if you find a book objectionable, please don't pick it up and don't take it off the shelf because there will always be people who disagree with you
I don't believe library censorship is a good thing. For many reasons, but to save time, these are just a few of the reasons why I believe this, there are no books for anyone to read, and if some books go off the shelves, we won't be able to gain knowledge from them, and our children Don't know what other people will think. By the end of this article, one might learn about the advantages and disadvantages of library censorship. @CAPS6 Will many books disappear? If we all take off a book that we find offensive, our children and other children won't be able to read it. Each person takes off an objectionable book, and there are no books left in the library. One person @MONTH1 finds it funny to offend another. Some of my friends thought "@CAPS1" was an offensive novel, but I found the book rather interesting. On the other hand, we must also understand that some things should not be made public. @CAPS6 Will we gain as much knowledge as possible? Without all the books in our library @CAPS6, would people gain the knowledge to make major discoveries in science, history, and electronics? If we don't have our books, people will get lost. These books provide people with a wealth of knowledge and a great place to learn what @CAPS6 does. I myself have learned @CAPS6 from @CAPS4 to be a successful @CAPS2 novel @CAPS3, I took it from 'A @CAPS2 @CAPS3's @CAPS4 for @CAPS5'. @CAPS6 If we don't have books in our libraries, will the world hear what other people think? Those offensive books are also useful when writing a research paper or just wanting to talk about something with friends at school or work. Without the books in our libraries, people would not be able to understand what other people think about certain ideas about politics and other issues in everyday life. These books help people come up with ideas to create things and be creative in everything they do. When a person needs something to keep their attention away from personal problems, an idea one expresses in writing is a great place to find a spark of imagination. Life without books? Censorship is a good thing and a bad thing in libraries, I myself find it inappropriate on the one hand, but on the other hand it can be viewed from a completely different perspective. People who want to use it don't understand that others can take books off the shelf that they like to read in their spare time , nor do they understand all the knowledge we get from books, even novels, and in the end, if there are no books we don't have, no One will know what is on the minds of another person in a park in the world. On top of that, people who want a review in a library don't understand what happens if we all have the right to take a book off the shelf. One can understand both sides of the coin here, but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books.
There are many books, music, movies and magazines in the world. Some are humorous, historical or romantic, but some are offensive in a way. People at @MONTH1 feel offended when they read or listen to something, but does that mean it should be removed from the shelves? Some people @MONTH1 find something objectionable, others don't, so music, books, movies or magazines should not be removed from the shelves. If a person thinks a song should be removed from the bookshelf and it is, what about the person who doesn't find it offensive? People have the right to own their own thoughts and feelings, but that doesn't mean one person feels better than someone else's. If everyone was trying to make everyone happy, there wouldn't be a lot of options in the library. If one person finds something objectionable in one book, another person may find another book objectionable, and this continues until there are no books left. Entertainment is hard to please everyone. Whatever it is, there will always be at least one person who doesn't like it. However, that doesn't mean it should be removed from the shelves. If one person does find it objectionable, chances are there are others who don't. Those who don't find it offensive also want to be satisfied. It is impossible to please everyone, so what should we do? If someone finds something offensive, they shouldn't read or listen to it. People can choose to stop listening to music, stop watching movies, or stop reading books or magazines that they @MONTH1 find offensive. They have the right and freedom not to pay attention to it. This way, people who are not offended can still enjoy their entertainment options at the library. If I find something objectionable, I try not to pay attention to it. There are a lot of books or songs that I do find offensive, so I just avoid those. By avoiding these books or songs, I don't offend anyone by taking something they might like. I am still satisfied and so are they. Library staff know what they are doing. If the library takes a book because some people find it offensive, they may offend those who don't, basically saying their morals are better than yours. Libraries should bring out a book or magazine if it feels necessary, but not to please some customers, because then they will not please other customers and may offend them. People have a right to express how they feel out there, but that doesn't mean they're always right and that certain things should change because of them. It is impossible to satisfy everyone completely, but there are compromises. Libraries shouldn't take things off their shelves, but should offer more options that aren't objectionable, and people should avoid what they find objectionable
Libraries have always been an important source of information. The library offers a wealth of resources including books, movies and magazines. The debate over whether libraries should censor offensive material has caused quite a stir recently. Many parents argue that they do not want their children exposed to explicit materials, especially books, on display in public libraries. Others countered that if every book deemed objectionable was taken off the shelves, the shelves would be nearly empty. Author Katherine Paterson said: "All of us can think of a book we wish our children didn't take off the shelves - I hate that book - then you have the same rights, and so do everyone else . . and then there are no books on our shelves for any of us to use (Katherine Patterson). Offensive books should not be removed from libraries for the simple reason that they remain one of the most reliable sources of information and historical events, and without books society suffers. The most important reason people shouldn't be allowed to remove objectionable books from their shelves is that if everyone can remove books that he/she finds objectionable, there won't be many books left on library shelves Yes . There are many historical works that contain objectionable images and content, but one has to ignore this because these books are accounts of our history. Without them, societies forget the events of the past that shaped our world into what it is today. Another big reason library censorship is wrong is that @MONTH1 believes that material that offends @MONTH1 does not offend another. Everyone has their own opinion about certain things and events. Therefore, a review of a book should not come down to one person's opinion. Instead, the decision to take a book off a library shelf should come from the input of a large group of people. By doing this, @CAPS1's fair representation that most books are meant to tell fictional stories or historical events, not to offend anyone. Fictional books are designed to fill the minds of those who read them with stories and mental images created by their authors. Additionally, history books are designed to capture the events of our past so that the folks at @MONTH1 can look back on them now and in the future. In conclusion, the idea of reviewing the library is a negative proposition. Books are designed to provide historical accounts and fictional stories to inspire readers' minds, not poison them with bad content. Everyone has an opinion, that's why people should learn to respect the opinions of different books, no matter how objectionable @MONTH1's material is to them
Do you think any book or literary form should be removed from the library because someone offends it? No, it shouldn't be removed. That person obviously shouldn't read the book or let their kids read it. They have a problem with the book, not other people, and if the book is good enough to publish, it means someone wants to read the book, which means they'll give other people who want the book their opinion on themselves feeling anxious. In the words of well-known author Katherine Paterson, she said: "Everyone can think of a book that we hope no child or any child will take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book Books taken off the shelf - I hate this kind of work - then you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. Then we don't have books on the shelves for any of us. @CAPS1 she means everyone Have their own opinion on every single piece of material in stores and libraries. If we gave everyone the option to take that material off the shelf, we might as well have no books, music, movies, magazines, etc. at all, because somewhere of people always dislike the material. If someone finds something offensive, they should stay away from it. Everyone has their own opinion on everything they encounter, which means if you hate something, yours Neighbors may like it. So just because boos or other forms of material offend you, doesn't mean it deserves to be removed from library and bookstore shelves. Don't get me wrong, I believe in some form of censorship .I just don't believe that people listen to them and choose whether a certain piece of literature or music can be in our library. I just believe that our library is where authors can express themselves and share their books, novels, poems, etc. I believe that if anything offends you, it's your opinion, and there is an easier way to get your kids to take the book without reading, just don't bring the book to your kid, do whatever it takes Probably stay away from books. If you @MONTH1 come across it, please don't admit it. Your kids are more likely to get into a car accident only if you teach them correctly, don't make them sound harsh, and make reality reflect the truth instead of reading an inappropriate book. That's why I don't believe in censorship in libraries and bookstores
Dear Sir or Mom, have you or your family ever read a book, magazine or watched a movie that was deemed offensive? Do you or that person think it would make a difference if a book, book or movie was taken off the shelf? Would taking every book, CD, movie or magazine off the shelves help the community? Do you think it's everyone's decision whether these things should be taken off the shelves? I'm sure a lot of people in our community have read a book in their lifetime that they thought was a little offensive to them. I bet people all over the world have read offensive books. But the only types of people that books, movies or magazines can affect are teenagers and children. But at the time they won't think it's offensive, they'll think it's cool and fun, and they'll want to read or watch it over and over until they get tired of it and then they'll go back to the library and get another one. I think in a way it will and won't make a difference whether they are removed from the shelf or not. Because if there is only one book, movie or magazine taken off the shelf, the person who took it down will move on from that book, magazine or movie and find more or less objectionable s things. If everyone deletes every book they deem offensive, others who like them won't be able to get it. If everyone finds various different books, movies or magazines objectionable and removes them then their shelves won't be reserved for the community. In conclusion, I believe everyone has their own point of view and way of thinking when it comes to what is and is not offensive. I think what should be on library shelves is not only up to them, but also up to the community's choice. If someone wants a good book, magazine or movie, they should ask friends or family for advice on what they should get. If they can't get any advice on what they should get, they should just do what they find interesting and ignore the offensive parts
Have you ever thought about removing something from a library shelf because you thought it was objectionable? If so, how did you handle the situation and what would you like to do? I know in my experience I've found some objectionable things, so I'm sure they're out there. I think there are a lot of rules, qualifications or criteria that can give someone a reason to take something off the shelf, and these can be different for everyone. If you're in a children's library or school library, I'm sure most people would agree that any book with offensive language, situations, opinions, etc. should be removed from the shelves. Now, if you're in a public library in the teen or adult section, and those books that don't fit in a children's library are in the teen or adult section, that might be acceptable. Audiences are different; thus, genres of literature, music, movies, etc. can be more opinionated, mature, and controversial. Part of why something should come off the shelf depends on who's going to read or listen to it. In my opinion, there is a fine line as to what can be considered too controversial or too mature. @CAPS1 is one of the reasons I think there should be a review, because some things are definitely too controversial or too mature. Although, I also think there should be guidelines and maybe rules as to what should be allowed on the shelves and what shouldn't because something might be on the fringes depending on what it is, for example, a learning tool or a great read. As Kathryn Patterson said, "But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- a job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so do everyone else." @CAPS1 it's me Reasons for thinking there should be guidelines or rules. If everyone had the right to take something off the shelf, there might not be anything to read or listen to. Different things offend different people. If there were rules or guidelines, that would ensure there was still something to read and listen to in the future. I think libraries should have censorship. Some works are so offensive that they need to be taken down. I think it would be appropriate to have some rules or some guidelines. As Patterson puts it, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves."
In our day and age, we have books, music, movies and magazines that tell or show material that young children and teens should not see at their age. I'm writing to your newspapers to tell you that I think libraries should be more suggestive of censorship. They should be similar to the warning labels on magazines, movies, music, etc., before parents must sign, "@CAPS1 Kids can see or hear the material being shown." In this hub, we have @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION2@ CAPS2 @CAPS3 shows show violence, pornography, alcohol and drugs. It's almost impossible to keep all children away from these things, but we should at least try to do so. Shows on @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 now show teenage pregnancy and they appeal to viewers to have children without getting married or even in a relationship. The @ORGANIZATION1 show is now showing things like shoplifting and actors or actresses escaping prizes with no consequences. They also have violent and unwanted language. I know from @CAPS1's own experience watching @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS1 that Dad has entered the @CAPS1 room and told me to turn it off. They shouldn't be allowed to do what they're showing the audience. I know when I get married and have kids, I try to keep @CAPS1 kids away from certain material until they're old enough to understand and know the right thing to do in the situation. Some of the language they use, like "sluggish", I find offensive. In the @CAPS1 option, library and home censorship does drop. Some parents are unaware that their children may be behind closed doors. A good parent makes sure that the material their children are watching is age-appropriate for them. Even books have sexual encounters and language. When I have kids, I make sure they read the material that's right for them. Magazines these days are even worse. There's a reason @CAPS7 is called "@CAPS6 @CAPS7", young teens are picking it up on convenience store shelves and reading it. Most of the music you hear on the radio has some offensive words, rejects sexual activity, or they sing songs about drinking or taking drugs. Parents need to be more involved in their children's lives and what they are reading or seeing. I'm not saying that all materials need to be removed from the shelves, as some movies or reading materials will send a good message to children and teens. I'm just concerned that people can get something so easily without any scrutiny. I hope you read this article and really embrace it. I hope to hear from you soon. thank you for your time
In my opinion, if some material is offensive, it should be removed from the library. Children should not be allowed to read books with inappropriate images. The material being reviewed can have adverse effects on children. Horror movies can give children nightmares. Offensive material should be limited . The library has a huge selection of books, music, movies and magazines for everyone. The library also has some objectionable items. Objectionable material should be removed from the library. Children do not need to see inappropriate material in the library. Inappropriate materials can have adverse effects on children. Censored materials such as offensive language, smoking and alcohol have a disastrous effect on children. Children don't need to swear. Smoking can cause cancer or death. Alcohol is also addictive and can cause a person to become violent. Children should not see these inappropriate items in the library. Horror movies can give children nightmares. When I was a kid, I watched a horror movie and I couldn't even sleep that night. Inappropriate movies need to be rated so kids don't watch them. Children believe most of what they see in the movies. Movies should be restricted to children. There is a lot of material in the library that should be reviewed from children. Bad effects can have bad effects on children. I think libraries need to limit items that have a bad effect on children.
Parents are responsible for their children, whether it's sending them to school, making sure their grades improve, or even watching what their children read. Libraries should not remove "offensive" books, magazines, movies, etc. That's the parent's responsibility, that's the library's responsibility. The library is where you go when you want to get a book, a movie or a magazine, etc. Whether for enjoyment or research. That book is dedicated to reading in the library. If we take out all the material in the library that some people find objectionable there, there won't be a lot of books left in the library. If the books are objectionable, who chooses? What if an adult or mature teen goes to the library to find a book, but because the parents can't watch their child pick a book, they took it off the shelf so it's gone? Or even teaching them those books is wrong. Parents take full responsibility if their children are reading what they see as inappropriate. How does the library know which books should be taken off the shelves, because all parents have different ideas about what is right and what is wrong. When the kids are young, parents take their kids to the library so they can easily watch the book, magazine or movie they are picking. Most libraries have children's sections anyway. It is not the responsibility of the library to take care of the children, it is the responsibility of the parents. Their job is to provide the community with books, movies, magazines, and more. Libraries should put books on their shelves so that people from all over the world can enjoy whatever books they want to read.
Some people don't like the fact that there are books on their shelves that they find offensive. People are scrambling to get corrupt books, magazines, movies off the shelves. Customers can choose not to inspect the material, which is not where they are trying to remove items from the shelves. People who go to the library can choose whether to read the book or not, and if they hear bad reviews about the book, then they can ignore it. Books are on public library shelves for a reason, and they can't be taken down just because some people don't like them. The reason could be that the book goes against religious beliefs, or just the way those people see things, but that still doesn't give them the right to remove the book from the shelf. Everyone has different preferences and tastes for books. Just because a book isn't up to one person's standard doesn't mean it isn't up to another. Beliefs and standards vary from person to person, which is why most people like books differently. Most people worry that their children will read books they find offensive. If your child is looking for a book to read, and they pick a book you don't want them to read, tell them that this book is inappropriate. The child is likely to listen to you and put the book back, which is much better than trying to take it away. Taking a book off the shelf is totally unfair to other people visiting the library. Everyone should have the right to read what they want to read and the right to choose to ignore books they choose not to read. While searching for a book, magazine, movie, etc., you come across something that you don't feel is appropriate, then ignore it and move on with your day, it's that simple
In @CAPS1 class we visited the library to read various books. One of the ones my teacher picked up was "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Right @CAPS5" by @PERSON2. Written during a family cult, the book is filled with ideas of female submissiveness and devotion to family. I found that book very objectionable because I was looking at it from a modern perspective. Today, it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay at home and take care of the house, while men work outside. Just because it's a work of literature that I disagree with doesn't mean it's not a valuable work. Certain material should not be removed from the library if found objectionable. The variety of people searching the library makes it nearly impossible to find specific material that no one finds objectionable. For this reason, censorship of material should not be permitted. Materials found in libraries are a form of expression to the individuals who created them or to society as a whole. Censorship of these works would be considered a violation of free speech. People of all ages are looking for books, music or magazines in the library. Each of these people has a different belief. What is considered art to one person may be considered extremely offensive to another. If libraries start censoring their books, the result will be a small collection of drab, emotionless material. People visit libraries to find materials that interest them, or to look around to expand their interests. Libraries need to contain a wide variety of materials to satisfy this knowledge. The job of a library is to educate those who come into it. A good form of education is exposure to different types of materials. Sometimes, the offense of a novel is what makes it good. It makes the reader think about what the author's purpose is. @PERSON3's @CAPS6 by @ORGANIZATION1 has been seen as a very offensive work for a long time. It contains slavery issues when many are not ready to deal with it. As a result, the book was banned from libraries and schools. It is now considered one of the most famous works in @CAPS7 literature. This example demonstrates that material deemed offensive should not automatically reduce its value. "Then we didn't have any books on our shelves left for any of us," Katherine Paterson said, an accurate description of the results of the library's review of its materials. Part of what makes a good book great is its ability to spark controversy among readers. Removing controversy will in turn remove an aspect of education, which is essentially the main purpose of libraries
I think it's okay for @CAPS4 to have books, even if they're considered objectionable, because to some people those books aren't considered objectionable. People shouldn't let the content of the book bother them. The way I see @CAPS4 is, if this book offends you, please don't read @CAPS4. There's no reason to throw a tantrum about a book, and that's not objectionable to some. I agree that offensive books are bad, but that's why you can choose @CAPS1 instead of turning on @CAPS4. If we @CAPS1 had a library with everything, @CAPS4 would find something easier. such as music. If we had a @CAPS1 library, @CAPS4 would be easier to narrow down and find exactly what you're looking for. The same goes for movies and magazines. The only problem with this solution is the economic cost. Back to the topic. I've never come across an offensive book, and if I did, I'd @CAPS1 simply put @CAPS4 back. Why take a good book off the shelf to a lot of people @CAPS1 when someone might think @CAPS4 is offensive? Most libraries have labels for certain books anyway. @CAPS4 shouldn't be offensive if you know what kind of book you're looking for. Books are good things, not bad. Books are meant to be entertaining and entertaining, they should not be considered offensive. I said @CAPS4 before and I will say @CAPS4 again. If you find a book offensive @CAPS1 please put @CAPS4 back on the shelf and leave @CAPS4. On the other hand, music is offensive to many people. I mean, let's face it @CAPS4, we all have one kind of music we love and one we hate. They are a lot of disgusting songs in the world that I personally don't think should exist at all, and putting @CAPS4 in the library is worse. Music is a persuasive thing, and if a kid walks into the library and picks up a catchy @CAPS2, @CAPS4 can be bad. @CAPS2 can have all the information about drug use on @CAPS4 that will convince kids to do drugs and no one wants their kids to do drugs. I say if you find anything objectionable it should be taken from the library, music by @CAPS4, not books. I've said pretty much everything that needs to be said. Books are books, they are offensive to some people, and to some people they are not. Finally, @CAPS4 is a matter of opinion
I believe if a book, music, movie or magazine offends you. People shouldn't be able to disarm this material from shelves. If there are kids out there, they worry about just teaching them to stay away from the adult part. Also, some people don't like foul language, but that's the opinion. If everyone had the right to dismiss offensive material, we would not leave any material in the library. "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for us to use" (Patterson). If your kids are worried about seeing censorship in the library, but you don't mind keeping them in the kids' area and reading books. You can go for a day on your own so you don't have to worry about your kids finding out about any censorship. Before checking the material, please go through it to make sure your child is not in any way offensive. A lot of people don't like vulgar language, but that's an opinion. It doesn't bother me because it gives the book a little flavor and it's more fun. Helps you understand how readers feel about someone or something. Sometimes it helps to show the reader's emotions in the story. In the end, if everyone had the right to disarm all offensive material, we would have nothing. This can affect people's education and reading skills. Some of this material is a hobby for people who will no longer be able to do what they love. All of us can think of a book that we wish our children, or any other children, hadnt taken off the shelf (Patterson). It's an easy fix, just teach your child to tell right from wrong. Would you rather have your child receive a good education or be illiterate? Many people don't like vulgar language, but it can make this book even better. I don't know what I would do without more books. Well, these are examples of why people shouldn't have the right to dismiss off-the-shelf material that offends them. What would you do if something you loved was taken away from you?
Deleting certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc. is a serious matter. Well, some people think it's a good idea, on the other hand, others don't. If you ask my opinion, I will have to support not removing certain books, movies, music, etc. One of the many reasons I think we shouldn't delete them is because everyone has a right to their opinion. Some @MONTH1 find a book objectionable, on the other hand, some @MONTH1 find it fascinating and not objectionable at all. If the person finds the book objectionable, they should not read it. They shouldn't bundle books, music, movies, etc. together. Just because some people find it offensive. Well, others @MONTH1 find things that others don't find offensive. We all have our own beliefs and we should express them freely as long as it does not involve breaking any laws. Another reason I agree not to delete certain books, movies, etc. is because we may not have any left. Like I said before, we all have our own opinions. Not everyone will say a book etc. Will not offend them. We should not take certain items. But on the other hand, I think we should restrict certain books, movements, music, etc. If a book, a movie, etc., seems complicated for a child to understand, then they should not be able to read, watch, etc. items. We should categorize things according to knowledge, understanding and maturity. I also believe that we all have the right to believe what we want to believe. Just like we all have choices. I agree with some of the arguments of others about removing certain books and movies etc, but the main idea is to do what is best for everyone. I just don't think deleting every book, movie, music, etc., will solve any problems. In fact, I really believe it would make things worse. They will argue about what to delete and what not to. In conclusion, I believe we should leave librarians as they are. This will make things less complicated. would also be the best option. A generation\
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Ever @CAPS3 had a movie you wanted to watch but you didn't watch it aloud because of the graphics in the movie? Many parents or young people think @CAPS1's movies are a good thing. What they don't know is that if anything is @CAPS1 it just makes kids want to see it more. First, if their kids desperately want to see it, they'll just sneak in or grab a copy of it from the internet, which is illegal. I remember when I was young @CAPS3 my friends and I always wanted to see @CAPS4 rated movies. So we'll let our parents send us away. When we got home, our parents would ask us what we saw and we would lie and say we saw the new @CAPS5 @CAPS6 movies. So kids get into trouble for one stupid thing. Second, if you think your kids shouldn't watch movies because of your religious beliefs, then you and your kids should talk. Statistics show that the more candid a child is to talk to and come to terms with a parent, the less a child will lie and hide from their parents. Many parents came to an agreement that if they could preview the movie first, then they would decide if it was right for their kids to watch. In many cases, this is good for both parents and children, because if the adults allow the children to see, the parents and children will have something to say when they get home. In the end, I think movies should be uncensored. Because the movie isn't that bad, your kids end up seeing it one way or another. Whether it's surfing the Internet at a friend's house, or going to the theater. Now see what damage it does. So to summarize my statement. Knowing that your kids will watch the movie, it's okay not to censor it. "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves, it's a job I hate, then you have exactly the same rights, and so do everyone else. And then our bookshelves There aren't any books available on any of us. As Kathryn Patterson said it's true. Can you imagine living in a @CAPS1 world? I know I can't. So think if you're for or against censorship. Do you want your kids to lie to you about where they're going or what they've seen? I know I won't
There are all kinds of people in the world. People who see things differently, people with strong opinions, very outspoken and mature people, many of whom are the authors of hundreds of books in our school library. Some schools censor certain books in schools because they think the tone or message is inappropriate or too violent, but I believe we have a right to those books. In my opinion, libraries should not censor any books. We have the military fighting for our freedom of the press and free speech, and censorship of books completely ignores these wonderful freedoms our country has given us. During my freshman year, we read a book called "@CAPS1 @NUM1" and our teacher told us a little bit about it before we read it. She said the book is about the way a society bans books like they are drugs or things that could harm us. Now apparently a school doesn't like the idea of society banning all books, so they ban this book from being read to their children. Now, if you actually read the book, they paint how weird and crazy it is to ban all books, but here we ban a book about banned books! Does this make sense? Honestly, in your high school, you've probably seen, heard, and done crazier things than people put in "banned books." Now I know some people will say that just because you did something you shouldn't do it doesn't mean you @CAPS2 keep reading it and filling your mind with thoughts about it, I agree in a way because Something most high school students shouldn't do, but that's life, plain and simple. It seems to me that high school students are really mature enough to deal with some offensive language or scenes of violence because I'm sure they see worse stuff on TV, sometimes in their own homes. A good friend of mine is @NUM2 years old with two jobs, she lives in her own apartment with her boyfriend, and her parents are not supportive of her. Now the girl is still in high school with good grades, obviously mature for her age, but even she is not allowed to read a book with some offensive language. I think our society kind of "babys" us because when we get into the real world, things aren't censored or kept quiet. I think high school @CAPS2 put these books in the library because it might help some kids grow up and become more mature. When we entered the workplace after college and started our lives with career, family and family, we @MONTH1 were immature to deal with it, I know some! Reviewing books is just a way to keep our lifestyle quiet for some and never allow kids to grow up and experience things. We have the right to these books, just as the people who wrote them have the right to do so. If they can be published, we should be able to read them no matter how old we are
Magazines not suitable for children? ! ? '@CAPS1 is not true', reporter @PERSON1 said, 'I think magazines, books and other swear words should be out of children's reach and only discussed when adults choose. Libraries today need to supervise children while they read in the library. If kids see what they want without a guardian, then they don't deserve it, it's that simple. While these books may seem out of place to some, they should not be taken off the shelves because old books can help children understand what happened early on, it teaches them some of the methods we use now, and it shows real stories about people nowadays. For example, some books on @ORGANIZATION1 associate some people with gruff and mockery, but it just shows what happened long before racist laws were introduced. Books about @NUM1 are also provocative for some people who lost close ones in the bombing, books that teach children that not everyone is kind and that cruel things can happen to some good people. Books about people's lives are also in the library talking about what happened to them when they were kids, or how their parents died of cancer, and these books tell kids that the outcome can be good or bad. Certain entertainment content is not suitable for children, such as pornography and provocative language. Porn is considered a form of entertainment for adults, but many times it frightens young children if they don't know what's really going on. Also, provocative language on books or CDs is not something children should listen to. However, they need to know that if they hear these words, they need to know not to say them so they don't get in trouble with their parents. People think that history books are helpful for a child's development. This is true most of the time, there are kids around @PERCENT1 who take the information and use it to help them. However, kids with @PERCENT2 will think the information they are being told is a good thing. @ORGANIZATION2 didn't wake up one day saying I was going to bomb @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4. His cunning plans and ingenious planning took a lot of time to plan. People @MONTH1 are against kids learning some history, but I think every kid needs to know. Everyone needs to understand the ups and downs of their country and others around them. The kids of @MONTH1 don't understand what's wrong with the economy now, but they'll soon understand why people complain so much. Books about this stuff @MONTH1 are offensive to some people, but on the road books are used for many things we still know about people from hundreds of years ago. Children quickly learn about the harsh conditions and why things happen. Without books and videos, the future will never know what happened. A lot of young people @MONTH1 will change words in books, but there will always be real things in books. @CAPS1 why I think libraries should put books on shelves out of children's reach
Reading is very important for children these days. Libraries should have the right to have any type of text, film, magazine or genre of music that students want to study. Today, there are no books that can offend people in any way. However, there are exceptions to this, like any book devoted to race, religion, or gender. Such as books written by rabid racist fanatics like @ORGANIZATION2 or members of @CAPS1-@CAPS2. As a high school student, there is a nice library at school and I learned a lot from the library books. In @CAPS4 in @CAPS6 years, I've never read a book, nor have I heard of anyone reading a book that offends them. I can assure you that none of the books in @CAPS7 offend me personally, that's not to say there are books out there that offend some people. Reading is fun for me and I don't want to miss a good book because the library doesn't keep it because someone somewhere might be offended by that book. Reading should not be limited by content because there will always be someone looking for that book to read. I've heard of people getting mad at a nude photo in an art book. seriously? Art book? Art is just that. For thousands of years, there have been nude people in art. If you haven't offended people in the first place, why do you want to start offending people now? I think, in this day and age, people are just weird. Some movies should definitely be removed from library shelves, like porn. Under no circumstances should porn be held in libraries. There are special places for porn, such as the Internet. Music, however, is another matter. Music shouldn't be taken out of the library because some people can't afford music from places like @LOCATION1, iTunes or @CAPS3. There are so many genres of music that it's impossible to determine what the library should and shouldn't be, in @CAPS7 there are so many different types of people listening to different types of music, saying something is wrong a bunch of people think their music Too heavy or too rap for the library. Listening to music in the library is another thing, however, you should definitely not be allowed to listen to your music in the library, or at least not turn it up high enough for other people to hear it. I don't read magazines, but I know enough about them to know that they should and shouldn't be allowed into the library. Magazines like "@CAPS4" and "@ORGANIZATION1" should definitely be allowed into the library as they are the center of learning from magazines. However, there are magazines that shouldn't be allowed into the library, like "@CAPS5" and other pornographic magazines, and magazines like "@CAPS6" that target young girls who think they should look perfect as models . picture. Those magazines would make young girls dress scantily and inappropriately, making girls turn to gagging in order to stay slim. It's true that some things should be excluded from the library, but a book, a movie, a genre of music, or a magazine shouldn't exclude them all. One problem shouldn't make them all a problem. Libraries are places where people escape, similar to @CAPS8's @CAPS7 and other video games. People should have the right to go to the lab to get something, and they should be able to get what they want.
What is @CAPS1, @CAPS1 made this country what we are today! In todays world, people can express themselves in many ways, and writing, performing arts and the arts happen to be an important part of how people express themselves. Because all of us are different and have different perspectives on the subject. I will not preach to you what is right and what is wrong. I just want to share some previous experience. Now all theas come from the library. Some of them are in small towns, others are in the heart of big cities. There's even a story of a man and his wife, on the outskirts of a big city. It's also amazing to see what exists in different parts of our country. It all started with me sitting at a small table in the back of @LOCATION1's library. It was a small group of friends and we were all working on our research papers. But then we saw a man and a woman, and I brought it up as husband and wife. They were looking at the magazines on the shelf in front of us. When he picks up a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine, she looks at him and declares that it's demeaning to a woman. So he put it down and walked out. Wandering through the bad parts of this magazine, I walked to the shelf and saw a woman in panties holding a vintage car. About a month later, I walked into the local library and delivered some books for my mom. The moment I opened the door, I heard people talking about the painting they were hanging on the back wall of the adult section. Wich is a woman with her boobs exposed, now mind you, this is not a modern painting, it's quite old and the paint is slowly peeling off. Now the painting has been around for years and no one has said anything, and that's the argument made by the librarian. There were many people standing where this happened, and many of them were reluctant to listen to what the woman had to say, because the painting turned out to be very famous, and it was there long before middle age. The old people there can reminisce . As you can see, there are a lot of different views on modern content. Advertising is over, and many magazines use people's bodies to entice people to join their ads so they can try to sell their products. I believe that when it comes to this kind of advertising, the line should be drawn. They @MONTH1 have to come to an agreement that every magazine should state if it contains such adult content. If they're going to make this law, they should put it on the cover so you know if you film that magazine, there's a chance you'll see something like this. Still, when it comes to a painting before @DATE1, people have grown up in the same area for many years and have been looking at it since they were young, I don't think it should be seen from the wall Take it down. There is a fine line as to whether the information is actionable, which is why I believe there should be some sort of rating system for this book etc.
@PERSON1 is saying we will all share and never give back to @CAPS4. Furthermore, we cannot get what we want at the same time or at all. If that book is a hit, they should buy more for everyone else who doesn't have it and wants to have @CAPS4. Of course, sharing is better than wasting your money on something when someone has a book you know and will make you roll over @CAPS4. Yes, we all know that most people don't usually share these days. Let's be honest, you don't always get what you want. Either get over @CAPS4. Yes @PERSON2 has a @CAPS1 but honestly everyone has their own opinion. None of us have to listen to what someone else has to say, but if you agree with that person, then you agree. Like I said everyone has their own opinion, what I say is mine. Much like "@CAPS1 OF @CAPS2". No, I don't believe books, music, etc. should be taken off the shelves because @CAPS3 @CAPS4 stupid you will lose your job and @CAPS5 the people of the world need to do something @CAPS6! ? I don't read I mainly listen to music because I think music is more interesting and interesting to me than reading. I mean, I've read articles in magazines, but like I said, mostly listening to music. Reading a book is like someone telling you a story about something. So for me @CAPS7's book is @NUM1 in front of @CAPS7. '@CAPS7 LIFE' @CAPS8 I'd be interested in reading a book later in @CAPS7 LIFE, but for now I'm enjoying @CAPS7's teenage life. So basically I'm telling you @CAPS7's own opinion, I think it's totally stupid for @CAPS4 to be rated because everyone has their own opinion. You can agree or disagree, but for this @CAPS4 mainly disagree
I am writing this article to convince members of our local library to use better censorship when placing inappropriate material on their shelves for members of our community. In this post, I will reflect my views on the subject, backed by real facts I have learned from many past experiences. I believe the children's section of our library itself has a ton of reading material that for many young children is far from being understood. I myself have read many books in the children's section of many libraries. In doing so, I noticed that a lot of the material that makes up this section is too advanced or esoteric for kids. Younger children need to read more fantasy books that allow them to use their imaginations more than fill their minds with ideas of war and disaster. Children reading today need to provide more material they understand than material they cannot understand. Let's put more of the right books on our library selves and not waste money on the wrong books. In reaching the conclusion of this article, I hope I have persuaded the reader to understand the point I am trying to make. I hope my readers will take the information I provide and put it into practice
Libraries are community centers. Children and adults go to the library to check out new books that can give them new experiences and information. If libraries take books away because they are inappropriate or objectionable, young people and adults will never embrace these new experiences. A library needs a variety of books to make it a qualified library. If libraries censor their books, other materials may also start to disappear. Most young people read books about adventure, mystery or love. One can find a mystery book with a serial killer to attack the protagonist, but you can't rewrite the book for one; moreover, take that book off the shelf entirely. That book is public property. If the library takes that mysterious book off the shelf, the library is depriving another young man of the experience of reading it. The thoughts of one teenager cannot explain the thoughts of other teenagers. Libraries that take away offensive or inappropriate books could impact other multi-billion dollar industries to re-guess their work. Take the film industry, for example. The film industry may be second-guessing which directors or actors they're hiring. Actors and actresses have a great influence on many teens and children. Imagine if a child's favorite actor disappeared from a future movie; that child would have no role model. The impact of censoring books and magazines extends far beyond the library. Music artists may also be affected. Rappers curse and swear in their music because it's their way of expressing opinions and personal experiences. Like famous rapper @ORGANIZATION1. He cursed in the music because that was his way of expressing his emotions during the event. If music publishers don't publish him because his work is objectionable, he'll lose his job and his career. That's how people in today's society make a living; by providing entertainment to other people. Libraries have no right to take any books from other children and adults. Authors know what they are writing. They write it because it expresses emotions and feelings. The same goes for music artists and screenwriters. If movies were all about unicorns, the movie industry would fall apart very quickly. Libraries as a whole need to consider the bigger picture before eradicating books, experiences, ideas and hard work
Rate @CAPS2 with @CAPS1, violence and some nudity. This kind of film shouldn't be on any shelf. It's not for kids to watch or even read what the movie case says. No film or magazine of any kind should have nude photos. It's not good for kids because one day a little boy/girl will do what they see in a movie or magazine and get into trouble. Seeing other people naked is wrong if you ask me. The only person I want to see this way is my wife in ten years or so. But I don't want to watch movies and see women naked. The nest is violence. Man, I just hope guns don't get invented or bombs. Because I lost a lot of my friends' guns. I lost about half a dozen cousins in the war and the bombs hit there. More and more people are going out and buying guns and bombs because of the movies and what people say in books and magazines. People get the names of guns and what they look like from movies and magazines, then they get them and bombs from the black market. People get these ideas because of movies. Last but not least @CAPS2 this is the main reason kids get into trouble at school. They elicited it from the movie, mostly because of what the actors said. Now the kids know how to say them. Sitcs said the kids said and did what their favorite actors said and did, and took it as it aired and aired. My conclusion is that everything with violence should be taken off the shelves
Throughout history, there have been many books written in historical times when their beliefs about certain things were different from what our world believes in today. As our world has changed, so have perceptions of slavery, women's rights, religion, and many other things. These views are based on what most people believe in a time frame. I feel that just because someone writes or says something offends someone, it doesn't give people the right to ban the book or quote society as a whole. They have the right to ban themselves, but it's up to everyone whether to ban everyone. Our government gives us the right to freedom of speech. This shows that even if someone @MONTH1 writes or speaks against the majority, they can say whatever they want without penalty. This means that people can't ban something just because of what it might say or depict. In my life explicit music seems to be something some people are trying to ban. My parents thought my age should be allowed to listen to whatever music I wanted. I think public libraries can be like movie theaters, with age restrictions on items based on language, nudity and other things that are not suitable for children, but they don't have the right to ban books. Even if there is an age limit, as long as the child's guardian directly says that his/her child @MONTH1 borrows the book or the parent borrows the book for the child, the child can get that book. The choice of each child should be decided by their parents. If the library had to ban books because someone said a book or magazine was offensive, the library would have few or no books. In almost every book someone at @MONTH1 can find something that offends them or someone else. These offending books should be on the shelf to give people an idea of how things were viewed in society at the time. These objectionable objects in the library show us the problems of society at the time and help us learn from past historical mistakes and how to avoid them. For example, in the play A @ORGANIZATION1, it shows how society views women. It shows that they don't value women and how their purpose in life is to raise children, that's all. They don't feel empowered to talk about science or anything like that. This indirectly teaches us how not to treat women today. If libraries start banning books, music, movies, magazines, or other items, they're hiding things they don't want people to read. Libraries shouldn't ban certain content because it's offensive, but they have the right to age-restrict certain content. Authors and artists have freedom of speech, they can say whatever they want, and the library cannot take away their freedom
I believe today's children should be able to read and learn what our parents used to learn. Learn things through the same teachings, books, movies...etc. Learning things this way is better than swearing and swearing and some detailed writing because if you take all of that away it's like lying about history and what really happened. Kids today should be deprived of the truth ? Do you want your child to go to school every day and learn from a textbook that has been twisted so that it is appropriate and non-offensive? Think about it...were you denied the right to study history when you went to school? I don't think so, so why start now? Let's say your child will be reading "@ORGANIZATION1" in @CAPS1 class today. Do you want to ruin a classic book by removing the word "@CAPS2" and the word "slave" from the book? Depriving them of how they used to be slave owners, slaves and racial commentary? Deprive them of their true history? Are you also depriving them of the opportunity to learn about wars, revolutions and the Holocaust, just to make the learning appropriate? No, I will not. I want my kids to learn anything about world history. I don't think libraries should have censorship
The library contains many useful and interesting materials for all ages. Some @MONTH1 think the library holds objectionable files that shouldn't be on the shelf, but I beg to differ. Libraries hold many books, magazines, movies, etc. that improve civic knowledge. Libraries can and probably do contain offensive material, but it should not be taken off the shelf for that. Instead, the library should be divided into sections based on themes. If parents don't want their children to read books based on racism, parents are just keeping their children out of that section. If it's not shown, how will the kids know what's going on in @LOCATION1? Children don't know how to deal with the harsh realities of the world unless they are exposed to them early on. This doesn't mean kids should be shown a magazine highlighting @PERSON2's next drug scandal, it's just to show them that stuff like this does happen and you shouldn't live like that. The library does not contain gratuitously objectionable material. What if a high school student is making a report about rising teen pregnancy rates? There should be no better source of information for this student than the library. This library will be the most trusted de facto document on the subject. These books in the library collection are not only to educate us, but also to entertain us. If the library removes the biography of the rapper @ORGANIZATION1 because he has a "rocky past", they @MONTH1 lost a client who came to the library, they feel sorry for the struggles many successful people have gone through to reach them Surprised today. As Kathryn Patterson said, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for us to read." If the library vets all the material through the system, @MONTH1 doesn't have any books to entertain ourselves. Therefore, libraries should not monitor the materials on their shelves.
There are thousands of books in the library now, some from @NUM1 years ago. A book is a book, and anyone of any age should be able to take any type of book off the shelf. Books, music, movies and magazines are all crazy about attracting people and what they love to read. Authors and publishers should not be penalized for their hard work. There are many people in the world who like all kinds of different types of books. But just because a book's story content is censored doesn't mean anyone will like the story. I love reading about romance, and I'm sure there is censorship in romance stories. I only like romance novels, and if every romance novel is censored and the library pulls the book off the shelf, I won't read any type of book. Because I only like to read romances. I only find adults and young adults reading romances who have mature habits and don't act on censorship. For adults and young adults who enjoy reading stories about censorship, it's best not to spoil these stories. There are a lot of people who find it interesting and would be willing to help the person depending on the situation if it was based on a true story. Don't deprive these authors of the opportunity to achieve greater success in life. Let these young people read everything they are interested in
Censorship, just for the lighthearted. We've had this problem for as long as people can remember. Because we are only children of adults. Everything is censored. Beeps on TV hide harmless words in random letters in curse words, as if we don't know what to spell for example @NUM1k. I agree that censorship is needed for a period of time, but when that period goes on for a long time and even limits what we can handle in books and newspapers, it gets out of hand. I'm a high school student and even I have to say limit our reading because a book can have a bad word or two, which is ridiculous. This is the most exaggerated thing because even science and anatomy books show certain parts of the body like the genitals, but that's okay because it's in science books. But if it's in a normal book, where everything counts, we can't handle it. I say it's a library that lets us read what we want to read. Like I said before high school, maturity is where maturity is and censorship should be lowered. I'm not saying take it completely, but come on now, I think high schoolers can handle some bad words in a good book. As far as movies and music go, anything porn or just plain stupid and demeaning should of course be censored, but why stop the whole school from enjoying some good music and maybe even a good movie if it's just something bad. So the point is, to have censorship, but to the point where people don't take music and books from us high school kids for some bad word. Censorship is for the lighthearted, and there's nothing stopping the lighthearted from not picking up that book with a few lines they don't like and just don't read it. That's all I have to say about censorship.
Read, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2? Books, music, and movies all have meaning and purpose to them. In our spare time, we all enjoy reading what @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 let us do. These things keep us all busy when we have a lot of free time. The library is a place where you can read in peace and @CAPS1 listen to music undisturbed, but there are some things that don't fit in a library. People find books in the library that they find very interesting and decide to check them out, but they have little idea what's in the book and/or magazine. Books come in all different genres, as do music and movies. We all have our own opinions on the types of things we like to listen to, read or watch. There are various types of genres. For example, there is only one specific type of book for children that should be picked out for children in the library, and there is only one child. Theres also only books for adults and adults, once checked out, it should be kept out of the child's hands or eyesight. Because kids can see the wrong things, things can get out of hand. All reading material, music or movies with explicit or uncensored graphics or text should have their own section in the library. In this case, nothing bad can happen and everything is in place. Honestly, all media should actually have their own section. For example, all children's media should be in one section and all adult media should be in another. All books should stay on the shelves of every library just because you know what to read and what not to read. Books that kids want are children's books with colors and pictures, while adults, on the other hand, have their own types of choices. So books should stay where they belong and not be taken from any self, this also applies to movies, music or any other media
Libraries have to worry about people not repurposing books and stuff. They don't want to lose books, music, movies, magazines just because some people find it offensive. Why do we have to say something that offends one person but no one else complains about it being offensive. I know you want me to be as thankful as you are to understand why it's objectionable, but I don't understand how a book can be objectionable. When someone finds something that looks offensive, they don't have to accept it. Some people will read something that offends them so they can learn from it. If you don't like libraries, there's no reason not to go to other libraries. You have no reason to be so averse to books, because the authors just want to express their opinions and express their feelings about the subject. The way I look at it is that you have two options. First deal with it, then go to the library and pick up the book. The second is don't go to the library if you can find something objectionable. But know that if you go for the second then you have to realize that if you go you will find something that will offend you so you might as well get over it and say yes i will go because it is right there with me around. Yes, I know what you must be thinking, if it's no big deal then why don't you take them out. Then you want an answer, and I'll give you one. Those books you probably don't want to read. But if someone feels unfair to something just because a few people find it objectionable, you know? What I'm saying is, no, we're not taking books, music, movies, magazines, anything out of the library. You just have to deal with the stuff you don't want, it won't let you read the stuff you hate. We don't get library books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else. This is why everything in the library stays in the library
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 I grew up in my small community and life couldn't be easier. For children, life is eating, sleeping, playing and laughing. Their innocent minds don't ponder the meaning of life or love, but curiosity does grab hold of every child from time to time. With stubborn persistence, children will probably travel to the ends of the earth to find out what confidential information they overheard their parents talking about. But @CAPS1 Does harmless curiosity mean destroying a child's innocence? By viewing adult-oriented materials, such as library books, children can acquire premature knowledge that can be detrimental to their development. However, libraries shouldn't be afraid to fill their shelves with books suitable for adults because the author spent countless hours writing that book, that book represents a part of human history, and not everyone @MONTH1 thinks the content Not suitable. Authors have the freedom to write whatever interests them, and it would be unfair to deny them the right to express their thoughts and opinions. A censored author must feel like a basketball player who didn't make the cut despite hours of practice. So an author who has practiced and perfected his writing skills does so in the hope of getting his work published. Disagreeing with someone's interest in a subject is not a reason to keep his precious ideas out of society. Books suitable for adults should be presented for adults as the author intended. Every piece of literature ever written records a part of human history. Even fictional fiction can serve as a monument to the depths of the human imagination. Therefore, no book should be censored, no matter how inappropriate the material. Just like remembering @CAPS2 influenced humanity not to repeat past mistakes, @MONTH1 preserves books with the most horrific content to keep authors from repeating those ignominious content. In other words, if censorship removes a literary "mistake" from library shelves, who's to say a forgetful author won't repeat that "mistake". By remembering these mistakes, humanity will be able to move forward literary. @CAPS1 Books are not "mistakes", they are reminders of the high point of literature. All literature, whether appropriate or not, is part of human history and should not be kept secret. In the end, who is to judge what is "mistake" in literature? A book about @CAPS3 @MONTH1 is inappropriate in the eyes of @CAPS4, but that book @MONTH1 is sacred to @CAPS5. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Also, for any book, at least one person disagrees with its information. Libraries are built for public education, not for the benefit of one individual. If a person is offended by literature, perhaps he should keep looking for books that better suit his interests. The decision of whether a novel is appropriate rests with the reader, not the government, library, or activist group. Censorship of library materials robs authors of the opportunity to make their work visible to others, keeps human records private, and denies readers the right to decide what is appropriate. Authors endure long hours of practice and writing in order for their minds to be read, and such motivation should not be taken away. Each book represents some aspect of human life and is recorded for future generations to avoid the mistakes of the past. And these "mistakes" are determined by the reader, a decision made by the censorship itself. Rather than choosing which books the public can see, perhaps libraries should create an adults-only section for "controversial" books; as a result, humans will remain educated and free, and children will remain innocent. -@org2
Our country has many different views on censorship. This is human beings, opinionated. Different perspectives come from different people: young, old, parents and children. There are some readings in the library that some @MONTH1 find offensive. Offensive material in the library is @CAPS1 specifically for young children. They were also designed by @CAPS1 to have access to such material. While that was @CAPS1 the purpose of this material, it just so happens that the material ends up in the hands of people who shouldn't have it. No, the material is locked up by @CAPS1, but it's also @CAPS1 on a high shelf for kids that looks appealing to them. The problem of removing all these materials from the library will result in empty shelves, except for children's books. Materials that must be removed are books that provide information and tell a good story for the right age group. If we protect children from censorship, this will deny knowledge and, for some, an escape, from the public who go to the library every year. \ @CAPS1 All movies, books, music and other materials are labeled as they should. Some materials @MONTH1 @CAPS1 are suitable for children, but they are also not suitable for @CAPS1. A movie @MONTH1 rated "@NUM1" is like a movie rated "@CAPS2" with only one extra reference that @MONTH1 was shot in the wrong way. Even protective parents @MONTH1 allow their kids to watch such movies as they see fit. Libraries should @CAPS1 remove these materials from their shelves. If that's a big deal, then they can keep their children's books in a separate room in the library. There are many possibilities for keeping this type of reading material away from children. @CAPS1 All this requires removing these books and other materials from library shelves. Censorship in libraries is a paradoxical subject. There is a good debate on both sides about whether or not @CAPS1 will take objectionable material off library shelves. I believe @CAPS1 should be removed and there are other options. This article proposes a solution to the problem, rather than taking public reading from everyone at once
@STATE1 @NUM1, @PERSON1, IN @CAPS1 Katherine Paterson, I read your article in the newspaper yesterday about offensive books in the library. I agree with you on this article. Some books, music, movies or magazines in the public library are offensive to me, but may be normal to others. There may also be some books that are normal to me and objectionable to others. Everyone has their own opinions and ideas about everything. People in @LOCATION1 have freedom of speech, so everyone's mouth says something different. There are some books or movies that kids can't read or watch, but kids still do because once a kid is in the library, he can read, watch, or listen to anything. You can't rely on a librarian because there are other people in the library. Librarians may have other things to do, like organize or check books or make library cards or help someone find books. In my opinion, the library should have different sections for different types of movies, books or magazines, and each section should have a dedicated person. This way the children can't go to the old people's area. If everyone finds some books objectionable, then people should write a letter to the president to help remove those books from the library. your @NUM2.
Have you ever been in a situation where you couldn't read because someone else had a bitter feeling about it? When you finally get a chance to read that book you've been waiting for two months, is it suddenly not for you because of its content? I know I always like it because at @ORGANIZATION1 it happens a lot. I believe a book shouldn't be deleted because only one person thought it was offensive. Sure some novels @MONTH1 expose some profanity or discrimination, but everyone has to deal with it. So why take a book off the shelf, because not everyone might not like it. If we took a book off the shelf every time someone reported a bad word or discriminatory comment, we wouldn't have any books, including those that tell us a lot about past history. Some writers, film directors, and artists rely on history to help them create great reads, reviews, or lyrics. If public and school libraries censor everything, @ORGANIZATION1 could lose a lot of historical and epic material or information from the past. I'm sure you know a lot of history books about the Holocaust, slavery and the civil rights movement that contain words that people of certain genders or races @MONTH1 find offensive. These words are a great source of trying to explain what people in these situations are going through. Therefore, these words should not be reported for the sake of history. I know I'm not alone in my struggle to keep books on the shelf because a writer named Kathryn Patterson said, '...if I had the right to remove that book from the shelf -- A job I hate - then you have the same rights, and so do everyone else. Then there are no books on the shelves for any of us to use (Patterson). In this sentence, she is trying to say that if people abuse this policy, there will be no books left on the shelves for anyone to read , because someone found something that offended them. If we don't review @CAPS1 in the library, this will happen eventually. Don't get me wrong now that I think @CAPS1 should be removed altogether as I believe it is needed in some cases. If there's a song that uses profanity multiple times without any logical reasoning, then it shouldn't be available to the public through the library. Also, if there are inappropriate movies, I don't think they should be distributed to the public by the library because That's what movie rental shops are for. On the other hand, I haven't found a book that doesn't fit in a library; so why are there so many books every year because what some people call "@CAPS1" is also called self-opinion And what about being taken away? As I write this, my goal is achieved; I want everyone to know that the whole @CAPS1 thing is a little out of hand. We all know that something nasty is going to happen to @MONTH1, but They're something everyone who's seen the book, movie or soundtrack has to deal with. Along with something offensive, like reasoning in history books and movies, @MONTH1 contains some bad words , but is used to express an opinion or setting. I know @CAPS1 is just another way to find better humans, but a lot of it is for a reason. The only case where @CAPS1 should be used is when it's inappropriate for no historical purpose 's movies and songs. Having said all that, do you still trust all the @CAPS1 in the library near you? How can you help prevent the destruction of all the historical vocabulary in the library?
I think it should stay as it is because it does so for a reason. They probably don't know the reason, so that's why I think it should be done because if you screw things up, the person might get mad just because you don't like the way it is because it's offensive to some people . Others are because people will go home and watch it online or on TV, so it makes a difference. It doesn't make any difference at all.
No, I think all materials should be on library shelves. Because some people like what others @MONTH1 find offensive. But as a parent, you should control what your kids read. If you find it offensive, tell them to pick a new book, new @CAPS1, a new movie, or a new magazine. If it's not their fault if you don't, it's your fault. Some people like things that others don't. For example, something from the anther culture, or something from a different religion. But we can choose to read what you want to read. If you don't like it, find something else, however, some people find it funny. Not everyone sees things the same way. If there are adult-only books, put them in another room so minors can't get in. If you must show @CAPS2, you are @NUM1 or older to enter. Then you can look at the inappropriate books without risking your kids to see them. If you are under @NUM1, in order to check them, a parent or guardian must be with you if you want to get it. If it's @CAPS1 or a swearing musician, you need to be @NUM1 or greater, or have a parent check @NUM4 for you. Because some parents don't let their kids listen to bad music. Like I said in the previous paragraph, I believe they shouldn't take something or some people @MONTH1 deems inappropriate off the shelf. Because some of us might find it interesting to know that the world is not all the same. Different people, different things
Everyone in the world has a different opinion. Some people care about things that others don't care about at all. One topic that seems to get everyone involved is censorship. Everyone has their own opinion; not everyone agrees with each other. All libraries have different sections based on age. There are areas for children, teenagers and adults. I think censorship has a lot to do with maturity. Content that is not suitable for children in books and movies should not be placed in the children's section. I understand that parents don't want their children to read or watch obscene material; but as children grow up, sooner or later they will learn things that are inappropriate in school. I don't think anything should be taken off the shelves just because a few parents find the material objectionable. I don't take censorship very seriously. Some parents want their children to read books with inappropriate material so they can understand what's going on in the world and what life is like. Most kids and some teens don't know what the world is like because they rarely go out. They don't learn what they should already know. Reading is a way of learning. When someone wants to know more about any place or anything, they go to the library to borrow a book. For school projects or just for fun. Most parents agree that there shouldn't be anything inappropriate in the children's section of the library. Just because they're young, parents don't want their kids swearing like sailors at @NUM1. But I think teens are mature enough to read or watch inappropriate material like books with curses or movies with kissing scenes. Parents should not have a say in what goes on or off the shelf in the library. They should just mind their own business. If their child singles out a book they think is too offensive for them to read, they can simply tell them they can't buy the book. It's that simple. Parents who ask for books to be taken off shelves are just asking for too much. Library review is no big deal to me. I think kids should be able to read books they want to read. At least they want to read. Let them read for @PERSON1. But like I said, everyone has their own opinion.
I wrote this article to tell you. Offensive books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be on the shelves of our libraries. Because if the kids come to pick them up, there will be @CAPS1 and crime. Some people will ask how I know this and say you see this cd cass that says black mans only cd. A white boy picked it up and then a black kid saw it and the white boy handed it to the black man and he would try to rip it out of his hands. So started fighting.
What should and should not be censored in a library is really just a matter of opinion of library users. If everyone took things they didn't like off of library shelves, a lot of information would be less accessible to the public. While some people @MONTH1 are offended by certain forms of literature, that doesn't mean literature should be removed from everyone. I believe that a solution must be developed to please everyone. Currently, some people are dissatisfied with some of the books, music, movies and magazines that many libraries offer. They feel that @MONTH1's information is not suitable for some viewers. Some people just don't want certain information to get into their child's head. While this is a very good reason to censor what goes into our library; there are others who disagree with the idea of censoring our library. By allowing the library to be censored, this would reduce the amount of information available to the public. Parents have no responsibility but themselves to blame if they let their kids come up with certain material without first checking what's on the back of the cover. I believe this can all be solved by simply having parents fill out a form before allowing their child to get a library card. The form will include a list of things they want to prevent their kids from viewing, for example: swearing in books and music, nudity in movies and magazines. This information will be placed with the serial number of the library card. If their kids want to check out something restricted on the list, the librarian will tell them to put the book back and pick another one. I can see how useful and important the review is. Although sometimes it can be a little extreme. There is a solution, but we just need to find it.
In the library, I noticed that there are some literature materials that are not suitable for young people. For example, movies rated @CAPS1 that contain content such as drug use, pornography, and extreme violence. Not all libraries have movies, and the ones that don't let anyone under @NUM1 rent out movies rated @CAPS1. Another example is magazines, whose articles/ads and pictures are more sexually oriented. It's a problem with kids because they think that's how they should look and behave when they grow up. Most libraries are divided into different sections, with sections for adults, teens and children. The reason these sections are created is to show/tell people that some of the material in this section @MONTH1 is not suitable for teens and children. Then, if you're in the kids' section, you know @NUM2+ doesn't want to shop around for books. In the kids area, the library usually makes it look bright and colorful, which most kids love. This helps the kids stay there and not wonder about getting into one of the adult or teen sections. When I was younger, I didn't really care about getting into the adult or teen section because I loved reading "@CAPS3 in @CAPS4", "@CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8" and many other children's books out there. Kids have plenty to satisfy them in the library, where there are kids movies/shows like "@CAPS9 @PERSON1". They also have unlimited books to keep them entertained. If movies and books aren't for them, then they can also play with some toys (at least the library I've been to has them). The only real big problem with inappropriate stuff in the library is that young teens can get into the adult section, and sometimes the youth section has adult stuff. Watching the movies again, I watched some TV shows in the library about teens drugging to parties and getting drunk. I think things like this can have a bad effect on young teens. Making them think it's okay to drink and drug will make them more popular and cooler. In general, I think libraries just need to rearrange books, movies, and magazines. Then put all the right items in the right sections, and there won't be an accident of someone accidentally picking up something that isn't appropriate for their age group. I don't think the music in the library is a problem. For me, music expresses your feelings better. Here's my take on library review
@CAPS6 is a lot of books outside of @CAPS6, and if you study carefully, there are some obscene or vulgar stuff in there. While children of certain ages probably shouldn't be reading these types of things, the book itself shouldn't be banned from library shelves. The author writes or types every word for a reason, be it happy, sad or vulgar. @CAPS6 is why the author wants readers to read this "offensive" content. Everything you read in a book is @CAPS6 because the author wants you to read it, not just put it in @CAPS6 to be stuffed or annoying. I agree that kids shouldn't read these books with that kind of material, but that doesn't mean taking the book down. The library I live in has sections for kids, teens, and adults, so @CAPS6 doesn't confuse or worry about the content of this book. You must be of a certain age to take home some readings. I personally think it's a good idea and will hurt both parties who don't want their kids reading these books and who want to read this book without getting rid of anything. However, if the latter goes into effect, some classic and award-winning books will be removed, such as To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2, @PERSON1, @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5, and more. Such drastic action is unnecessary when a simpler and more efficient way to accomplish it. Although offensive material is a problem for children, @CAPS6 is a better way to get it so they can't read them until they're ready. No book should be taken off the shelf because of its content.
I don't think books, music, movies and magazines should be taken off the shelves. Just because someone @MONTH1 found them offensive. They only become offensive when people think they are offensive. I feel that way because no one is forcing anyone to watch or read anything they don't want to. No one tells students what they can and cannot see. Everyone has a choice. Choose what they want to read or watch. One @MONTH1 feels offended and angry. Someone else. @MONTH1 found it interesting and exciting. I had the same feeling before, but it still gave me no reason to take it off the shelf. The next person after me. have as many rights as I do. That person has the right to watch or read what I have. Love or hate anything on the shelf. There's a lot in @CAPS5. Except what people @MONTH1 find offensive. There are horror books like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2 Bestselling author, @PERSON2. There are confusing books like "@ORGANIZATION1". @CAPS3 Another @ORGANIZATION2 bestselling author @PERSON1. So to some of my articles. There's nothing on the shelf for @CAPS5 to take down. Just because I or anyone else finds them offensive
I believe there are a lot of books in libraries that shouldn't be available to everyone who goes into a public library. Yes, there are some really nasty things in the library, like a book on African American racism. No, the people who work on these projects don't need to be around them at all, or even go into the library at all. The library is open to everyone. Suppose you have a child and you take him/her to the public library. When you're looking for a book, the child reaches for the tallest book he/she can reach, pulls it off the shelf, and it opens and falls on the floor. You look down at what's going on, and you see that book lying there with an inappropriate picture in front of your child. That's your own fault, not the library. While many times it's not the library's fault where certain books are located, you should be more responsible and check the area you're looking for. I think there should be a selection area to keep "inappropriate material". Those entering selected areas must present membership type identification and sign a statement that the material they are examining will not cause trouble or offense to anyone around the customer. That's my take on the issue.
Books coming off the shelves? no way! If you want books, movies, music, and more that suit your likes and wants, @CAPS1 is the place for you. Should material be taken down for offending others? No, because libraries serve everyone for a reason. Everyone is different. That means everyone comes to @CAPS1 for different types of information. If the library removes all material that offends people, there's nothing left. What offends someone @MONTH1 doesn't offend anyone else. For example, the library has information about the history of @ORGANIZATION1. While some people like this information and want to keep learning about it, it also offends @CAPS2 @CAPS3 what it talks about. But really, if you think about it, it's selfish to take away material that other people want to know about. This will enable the next generation to learn everything they could or want. When people visit @CAPS1 they know, no matter what information they're looking for, they'll find it. Wouldn't the trip to @CAPS1 be great? Seek and discover something you never knew, even if it offends others. It is important that your mind has more knowledge of that particular subject. Pulling some offensive material off the shelf is a no-brainer, because libraries serve everyone for a reason
Should certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be taken off shelves if they are found to be objectionable? I don't think certain material should be removed for a number of reasons. Many different people have many different ideas about what is offensive, some will find something interesting, some @MONTH1 find annoying or inappropriate. If you're taking something off the shelf that someone finds offensive, there probably won't be much left on the shelf because everyone has their own objections. I agree that certain things shouldn't be seen by young eyes, but that's a parent's decision and not everyone has the same view of the material. Certain materials should not be removed from shelves due to personal objections. Everyone has their own objections, some people like what others don't, everyone has their own differences
I'm a firm believer that removing books, music, movies, etc. from the shelf just because someone finds it objectionable doesn't solve the problem. A person may find many things in life that go against their personal views, but they cannot just delete them. Removing books, music, movies, etc. from people you don't consider offensive can cause confusion. As Kathryn Patterson said, "Then we don't have books." If everyone chooses books, music, movies, etc. that they find offensive and shouldn't be in the library, it's probably true of. In addition to that, the library is divided into different genres, so if you have a different opinion on a certain type of book, movie, music, etc., skip that section and go to your preferred genre. In other words, what @MONTH1 offends one person @MONTH1 does not offend another. So it doesn't make sense to delete a particular thing for someone who likes or finds interest in a particular topic. So it's not one person who has a problem, but two dissatisfied people. Not that it's right, but libraries do special things like keep books separate for such reasons. All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids, or any other kids, dont take off the shelves, says Katherine Paterson. The library has a childrens section. Therefore, concerns about such issues have been addressed. Books, music, movies and more in the Kids section are age-appropriate for children. Books, music, movies, etc., are also separated for teens and adults. In conclusion, removing books, music, movies, etc. that others find offensive to @MONTH1 will not be considered offensive by others. Libraries do not deliberately put books, music, movies, etc. on their shelves to offend anyone. If you're mature enough to understand this, and take a close look at what @MONTH1 offended you, you won't feel so offended. Also, if the library is divided into different genres, you can easily bypass specific genres you wish to avoid. Problems are easy to fix if done right.
I don't think so because what if that's all people love to read. They can put all the books in separate sections so the little ones don't learn words they shouldn't know now. Librarians can also make it available where you must be of a certain age to borrow books. There are many ways to organize them into sections, like making a kids section, a teen section, or even an adult section. But I don't think it should ever be taken out of the library because there are so many good books with some bad words in them. Just because there are some bad words in the book doesn't mean the book is bad
Put it on the shelf! What do you go to the library for? Some go to read, some just relax in a quiet environment. Yes, libraries are mostly used for books and learning, but libraries also contain many other things. Movies, magazines, music and more can be found in the library. Now, let's say you had to listen to a particular song, read a certain book, or look at an article in a certain magazine, and you couldn't find it in the library because they were removed because they were found to be objectionable. Everyone has different opinions on what is offensive and what is not. Everything from books, music, magazines, and movies should have a place in the library, regardless of the material. Books can be used for many things. Some people read just for enjoyment, some people read because it's assigned to them or they need to research something. Books provide information and knowledge that some people desperately need. What if you can't find that book because someone says it has inappropriate material? What should you do with your research paper now? If a book is required, it should be able to be found on the library shelf and not be taken out because of its page content. Music is a great way to clear your mind and relax. Some of the music found in the library may be offensive to some people. What if the only place you could find your favorite music was a public library? You walk in and they don't have it anymore because it's considered offensive. Now, you can no longer listen to the sounds that calm you down or inspire you to start your day. Music should stay in the library, as most people won't find cultural and educational sounds in their local music store. Magazines are another great reading material in the library. Magazines are a great way to keep up with the latest fashion and delicious dessert receipts. Without magazines, our world would not be able to keep up with the things our world is improving every day. Magazine shows us the hottest trends, celebrity gossip, and some great facts from educational magazines. Without the magazines in our libraries, we might know nothing about our evolving world. You can find movies anywhere, but some people think you can only find really good and old movies in the library. The library has educational movies for children, @MONTH1 doesn't have it anywhere else. They also have old classic movies that don't even exist anymore. There are many movies in the library that you won't find in today's advanced world. The library holds many important books, movies, music and magazines. Without most of it, we probably wouldn't have as much as we know today, regardless of the material. Libraries have always been where you go to find what you want and you know they'll have it. Taking these things off the shelf could take some of the history out of our lives. All of these resources should stay on the shelf, regardless of their material.
Can literature as the basis of civilization be censored? Can you take these thoughts away from those who want to think about them? I don't think so, because even trying is futile. In my opinion, keeping something as important as the written word out of the people's culture would be one of the highest crimes against humanity and cannot be condoned. Not only is this attempt futile (because people know how to extract information), but the "executive" is downright idiots to do so. I admit that some clear material is not appropriate for children or even teens, but this is where parents should step in by creating guidelines and positive role models that their children feel they need to follow. Not that they "must" do it, but that they "need" to do it. If parents cannot control and decide what is right for their children, then in my opinion their first job as a parent is not to protect their children. Some @MONTH1 say that cultural censorship is protecting children, but I say it's not. I think censorship is a bad excuse for parents and higher-level government officials to have to do less work. If every work written, photographed or recorded that offends only one person is discarded on this basis, there is nothing. Never has a piece of literature, film or music offended someone in some way, spiritually, racially, or morally. The truth is that people cannot survive without conflict and pain, and anything people can do that can cause that conflict and pain, they will. People will find ways to do it, whether it's war, discrimination, the media, or downright stubbornness, they'll find ways to offend the party of their choice. I'm personally appalled by censorship because if a person can't speak his mind, is he not just a mindless person? Created and controlled by the government that surrounds him. become their slaves out of ignorance. If in a society I can't say what I need to say, then I don't want to live in that society because it's just a horrible image of civilization. In short, I don't think libraries should be censored, but rather that parents should pay more attention to their children and dependents. If a person is offended by something, they have absolutely no right not to participate in anything @MONTH1, but these tortured people have absolutely no right to say what I @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 didn't read! If this offends anyone then I apologize, but at least you know (through your media education) to be offended and not just another headless sheep
Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off shelves if they are found to be offensive? This is something we have all thought about at one point or another. For some, it depends on your age, your beliefs, and whether you actually know it's objectionable. In my opinion, I think objectionable material should be taken off the shelves. First, I think a lot depends on your age. For example, most seniors think most of the material being produced today is crazy and don't want to have anything to do with them. Although, it's something new and "cool" for young people. I don't think anything bad or offensive should be shown to any child. We want to keep it away from them so they know not to use it in the future. In my own experience, my parents largely kept me away from all bad things. I think that has a huge impact on who I am today. Next, I think for some people it depends on their beliefs. An important thing is race and culture. I often find books, movies or magazines offensive to another race. This is where I find some of the material most disturbing. In my opinion, anything that offends other races or cultures should be taken off the shelves immediately. As far as I can see, the amount of these materials is innumerable, and I am sure there are many more. @MONTH1 It's impossible to get everyone off the shelves. In the end, I think a lot of people don't know what they're going to read or watch or listen to that ends up being objectionable. I've seen countless movies and listened to countless disgusting songs. Sadly, I didn't know it until I did. A lot of people just blindly study their material like a bat, just to know if it's offensive. In my opinion, if the material isn't taken down, it should at least be marked as offensive. All in all, I think these materials should simply be taken off the shelf. We've gotten to the point where it's almost impossible. Even with factors like age, beliefs and knowing what you're going to do, I think these materials are bad for everyone. In my opinion, objectionable material should be taken off the shelves
Have you ever encountered objectionable material in a library? Well, some people have, and they think libraries should have some type of censorship to protect offended people. I disagree with this idea because people should have the right to express themselves through art, literature and even music. After all, freedom of speech is written in our rights. Many writers, artists and musicians have the freedom to express themselves through their work. It would be very offensive to them if they saw their work censored in the library. I know the artist's material may offend some people, but this is their work, a form of self-expression. They don't publish work to offend others, they do it for themselves and for the enjoyment of others. The artist's work is part of them. Censors only negatively affect the art and literature of the library. Over the years, most libraries have developed and arranged their media into a system called @CAPS1 @CAPS2. The system divides all books, magazines, music and movies into their respective genres. If you're looking for a mystery book, you'll find it in the nonfiction section. The system helps people find exactly what they are looking for. If people are offended by a certain type, they don't have to touch it. This system is a better way to find exactly what you're looking for than to come across a book or movie you'll find offensive. Almost every library uses this system, so they don't have to use censors. Everywhere we go, someone finds something objectionable somewhere. It's basically part of our humanity. It's really impossible to make everyone happy with everything in the world. In a library, there will always be a book that someone disagrees with, or someone finds objectionable. The author of that book and others who liked it need not be punished for taking the book off the shelves. Just because the book offends a person doesn't mean it has to be taken off shelves or have censors. If this happened every time, we would have no books to read in our library. Most people wouldn't even call it a library. At the end of the day, a book is a book, music is music, and we don't set up censors or take books off shelves because it offends people. Authors write what they want to write, musicians play what they want to play, and actors perform the way they want. After all, the offense to people doesn't matter, they just have to deal with it. Libraries have no reason to censor
'Everyone has @CAPS1 @CAPS2' @CAPS3 is true, everyone has their own @CAPS2 and their likes and dislikes. For example, books. I don't like books on illegal substances, but I do think certain objectionable material should not be removed from library shelves. @CAPS3 Yes, finding an inappropriate book or article @MONTH1 will bother some people, but @CAPS3 doesn't mean everyone finds @CAPS3 offensive. Once, my @CAPS4 class was assigned to do a book project. The main purpose is to find a non-fiction book and create a slideshow presentation on the main idea of the book. A classmate read a book on illegal drugs and gave a brief introduction. In fact, I don't know many people who would be offended by words like "drugs" or "alcohol", but I find them annoying. While I found @CAPS3 disturbing and uncomfortable, others found @CAPS3 amusing. @CAPS3 is a topic that caught their attention, but not very appealing to me. Another example is when I went to the library to write a research paper on human systems. My friend @LOCATION1 finds @CAPS3 disturbed looking at some pictures because @CAPS3 shows blood. Oddly enough, it never occurred to me that blood was something disturbing. While @PERSON1 finds @CAPS3 disgusting, my head is still in the book because @CAPS3 is fascinating. I've always thought that how the human body works is incredible. What @PERSON1 did instead of trying to deal with pictures, was wondering and trying to find another book without any grotesque pictures. This book doesn't do @LOCATION1 any favors, but I got an "A" on my research paper because of that book. I believe @CAPS3 is important for people to accept the fact that everyone has a different opinion. Everyone is different in their own way. As I mentioned before, books that upset me are interesting to other people, and vice versa. This is normal, there is nothing we can do about @CAPS3. If any material that offends everyone is allowed to be removed, I promise no material will be left on the shelf. I think the best way to deal with this is for him/her to ignore books that seem objectionable and look for different material, as others may need resources
I believe that if something or someone offends you, you have the right to take a stand. You shouldn't be dealing with it. If your library has something objectionable, it has no right to be there. Libraries should be a useful place. Who wants to sit down and watch a most erotic movie? Who would want a kid to watch porn in a movie? Magazines even generate a lot of questions. Music can attack directly. If a young person or child reads or watches the most racist movie, it will teach them bad things. Racism is a very hurtful thing. What you see or read can really affect you. You @MONTH1 didn't realize this was wrong. It might make you say harmful things about different races. If a person is not the most racial, and what they see is, it might offend them. They @MONTH1 feel like they are "cool". They go out and say the most impolite things. It makes them feel good. Later, they felt guilty. All because of a movie or a book. It hurts if a movie is making fun of your race. Being teased hurts. This is technical bullying. Bullying can lead to suicide. Who cares if someone is black or white? Deep down we are all the same. Public libraries should ban such films. Movies today can contain almost anything they want. Sex, drugs, curses, etc. Kids can watch them without anyone saying anything. The librarian just swipes your card and you have the movie. They @MONTH1 don't know right or wrong. If they see someone taking drugs or having sex, they might think it's cool. They @MONTH1 go out and do it. We don't need such films in our public libraries. We should make it harder for kids to get a movie like this. These movies also offend us. Makes us feel bad. Made us feel like we had to go out and try it. In today's magazine, they make everyone look so perfect. These people may offend you. Young girls and even boys are the most frequent readers of magazines. If you see @PERSON1 in a magazine, you start wanting to look like her. Look how thin she is. She is tan. She has perfect skin. It is normal for a person to be jealous. We are only human. Sometimes these images bring us. We @MONTH1 starve ourselves trying to be thin. This can be very dangerous to your health. These girls blow our confidence. Entering today's society, people are scrambling for each other. They want to look perfect. They want everyone to go upstairs. We use the girls in the magazine to help us understand how we want to look. You should love who you are and what you look like. you are the only one. No one has to be thin to be beautiful. Magazines can be offensive. In today's society, music is scary. Rap, country or rock music. Some lyrics can really offend people. These words pop into your head every time you hear this song. If you actually take the time to look up the lyrics of a song, you realize that they can make you say anything. I can't say how many songs I know, just as a teenager, making fun of something. For example, the band @ORGANIZATION1 has a song. It's called "I have to be emo". It makes fun of those who are different in their own way. Some of the lines in the song are, '@CAPS1 I'm so frustrated, my wrists are cut in every direction'. How can you make fun of a self-harm. Depression and self-harm is a big deal in today's society. They have nothing funny about it. Think about what would happen if the person who hurt themselves heard this. Really offend them! They can go and cut themselves more. They can attempt suicide. In this song, it also makes fun of gay people. It makes fun of what "emo" people look like. "I look like I'm dead and dressed like a gay" is another line of the song. I don't know about you, but to me that would be very offensive! We need to get these types of songs from our library. We should have a say in what's in the public library. A library is a great place. Anyone can go to theirs. We are all unique in our own way. If something goes against you, you have the right to defend yourself. We need to make objectionable books, movies, magazines, etc. harder to obtain.
Will you review @CAPS1? I @CAPS2 I sure won't. @CAPS1 is a very precious and religious part of our country and history, but this is just one example. There are thousands of books, newspapers, articles and media that have played an important role in the history and future of mankind. Common sense or also known as common sense is something we don't pick up anywhere. We believe it will do, see and read. An example is "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" which is a book where @CAPS5 meets a young boy who @CAPS5 is excited to be targeting. Throughout the story, @CAPS5 gave the boy apples, branches, and even tree trunks. But @CAPS5 is happy. At the end of the story, their former little boy is now an old man and just wanted a place to rest, so @CAPS5 straightened his legs, glad @CAPS4 old man his happiness. Will you review now? This story reflects that helping someone is the key to life. @CAPS4 The happiness of others is the true gift of life. Religion is now under a lot of scrutiny now...why? ! For example, @CAPS1 is just a book full of short stories. Personal stories are little reminders of right and wrong, kindness and jealousy. It doesn't say if you have to follow every word and every sentence day and night. It's just useful advice, really who hasn't asked others for advice? @CAPS8 relegion is telling us on TV, school and everywhere else that we don't need a relegion for productivity and honesty. I'm from a Roman Catholic and Christian background, never actually going to church or reading @CAPS1, I'm inflated with religious beliefs. Thanks to a close friend. @CAPS8 might also be good at it's point. For example, @CAPS8 adult type content from minors is helpful because little ones don't @CAPS2 do anything. They just go with the flow. Another example is @CAPS8 mailing to different countries. This helps protect our country from invasion and war. So I would say @CAPS8 can be a good thing, but too much can be a bad thing. Such as @CAPS8 religious content, or @CAPS8 classic books, teach you common sense and help you in the future. These things should be the age and age of @CAPS10!
Close the library? Yes, I do, because music, movies, etc. can contain not only out-of-place clothing, but also potty colloquialism. These words can and can corrupt young minds. All libraries put them there due to client demand. What they're doing here to make some money, do you agree with me? They should create separate libraries for each type of reader. Still, they put all of these things in the same building. They should sell children's movies not adult movies, but librarians say "books are books". I think I'll write my own @CAPS1 series, thanks a lot. However, some libraries are closed because of the monotonous environment or few customers. Take advantage of that idea I just told you. I wonder if there are some books about endangered fish. But some children's dramas die because of the more popular ones, or are replaced by some family stories. If a little child hears some curses, his/her mind will be twisted for life. How fashionable it is to swear loudly in front of a baby. How about saying "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 that?.." or "@CAPS4 that ball, you mean!"? Maybe this will give some education. However, some older boys and girls are teaching this terrible language to younger minds - before they even learn the good language. Those bastards don't care what they think. Your Honor, here is my evidence. I suggest re-educating those teens to act more @CAPS1.
There are a variety of cultures, languages, beliefs and races in the world, and there is no doubt that different themes will offend some people and not others. Books, songs, magazines, and movies all have a reason for their creation. This @MONTH1 is there to entertain, inform or persuade. People use libraries as a source to view these works. Many people use the library every day for research or just for fun to gain knowledge. My point is that any type of material, no matter what it contains, should be able to be found on library shelves. A library is where people should be able to find books, CDs, videos or magazines or any subject that interests them. If our library took out everything that offended people, there would be no library at all. Any item you read or listen to will have a word, sentence or meaning that will offend a person in some way. This is because many projects you will find will be biased in some way. If the author uses a certain language in a certain tone, the way they try to please @MONTH1 will offend you. Persuasion is also on one side, and you @MONTH1 disagree with the side the author chose. The same goes for notifications. You @MONTH1 think the author needs to address a problem more than he or she does. All of these writing purposes are going to offend someone. I once read a magazine in the library that spoke ill of teenage drivers. This article is clearly biased, and there are no teen sources to prove that not all teen drivers are bad. This article deeply offended me, but I'm glad I read it and saw a different perspective. Not everyone wants to see a different point of a story, but if you happen to come across one of these offending items, you can simply put it back on the shelf. You don't need to read or listen to anything you don't want to see or hear. However, someone will need the project for personal knowledge or research. This is why all items need to be open to the public. However, if someone does find an item objectionable, they should be able to request a label on the item to further warn other readers. Likewise, if an item is rated "@CAPS1," an age limit needs to be set to protect our young readers and listeners. By setting these changes, our library can make everyone happy. Since libraries can be found in most communities, the content of what they carry will be discussed. When you @MONTH1 love a book, I @MONTH1 find it offensive. Even if I @MONTH1 have a problem with a project, it still needs to be accessible to everyone. The purpose of a library is to carry items that benefit the public. Anyone has the right to go to the library and read on any subject he or she wants. Any item, biased or not, should be able to be found on a library shelf. Those who disagree with or want to read an item should stay away from that section and choose a different item that interests him. We need to be able to go to the library and find what we need or want to see or hear. This is how libraries serve their communities
Libraries are a great resource as a place to acquire knowledge and wisdom. A wide variety of books @MONTH1 can be found at your local library, from documentaries to science fiction or just fiction. The most amazing part of the library is that @MONTH1 can choose what he or she reads. However, if one opposes the view of a book and believes that a certain book should be removed from the library, then the freedom of choice is lost. The choice of reading should be open to every reader, although some @MONTH1 disagree, the scrutiny of libraries is an unnecessary measure that limits the ability to acquire knowledge. In today's society, many people have different tastes or genres. So much so that it can sometimes be difficult to find common ground in large group settings. The library is a different place where people at @MONTH1 can enjoy reading different types of books spread across many shelves. However, if a person does not like a book, their opinion should not affect the removal of the book because of their preference. Author Katherine Paterson has wisely commented on the idea of censorship, saying: "If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - the job I hate - then you have the same rights, others have. Then we have no books (no books). If one person finds a work vulgar and thinks it should be removed from the library, what is preventing another from removing them they don't like What about books? If the library allows for strict censorship, then the library has fewer resources and includes only some documents. Still, censorship of age-specific material in the library is necessary. Inappropriate for children to read or watch Movies or books are unforgivable behavior. Reviewing a children's book does not mean removing the book. Taking a book from a library shelf is like asking a child to read one that is too mature for his or her age Books are just as wrong. Katherine Paterson said: All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids dont take off the shelves. But...then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us. ' (No pages.). Even for the protection of children, censorship of library books does not lead to the removal of books that affect our society and our minds. Because of one's beliefs, a medium must be found between true censorship and self-righteous deletion of books. Doing so will benefit not only the library, but society as well. There are many different opinions in modern society, and sometimes people disagree due to different beliefs and ideas. What is important, however, is that people agree to allow each other a choice. A very important choice everyone makes every day is what to read. Libraries allow people to make choices and help expand knowledge in the process. Literature, whether in the library or at home, should never be discarded because of the opinions of others. A review of the library should be considered, but not at the expense of knowledge. Libraries should not be censored.
I don't think this idea is a good idea because some students need this information to find ideas they need to write down in reports or correct in final exams. The library is here so that students have and take advantage of being there to spend time finding what they need for their course. Get to know me I take the time I need to do my homework in class so I know what needs to be in the report so I know I'm doing it right and not just make up something I can stick to in the report. I see it's important to keep stuff in a library so that you have the necessary stuff to find celebrities to keep in touch with. If you're writing in a news paper, you need information that will give all students an idea of how famous people live there. If students are ready to graduate and need to go online to find the types of colleges they can attend before leaving @ORGANIZATION1, they can be ready to be in the world they start living in and accomplish what our parents didn't do. The library is interested in motivating some readers in the class to go out and read books that can show your health benefits by looking up information about sunlight and sunbeds in cancer books, cause skin cancer, and make yourself look good by tanning Older and may damage your skin. I think the library situation is for our education and for our benefit, we can learn more from books, reading it is more fun than just watching a show or a rerun of a TV show or even a movie showing all the action in a movie, You can get more details from a book
It really doesn't matter to me because I only go to the library to pick up books when my teachers at school tell me to do it. But libraries should be able to put whatever they want on their bookshelves, as the library is divided into sections for kids, young adults, and adults. If a person doesn't like something he or she sees on a library shelf, then they don't have to look at it or check it out. Just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean others don't like it. Libraries don't let people see or check things they don't like. So why do people complain about it. They can check out books, movies and music for free unless they expire. So people stop complaining about what's on library shelves.
In @LOCATION1 @DATE1 there are many public libraries with endless information. All this information provides us with many opportunities to discover new lessons and pathways in our lives. What if some of this information had a bad effect on our world? What if some of this information changes how people think about life and who they are? Libraries do contain offensive and provocative books, movies, and other things that can be harmful to everyone's view of behavior. Censorship of the library should be established and set up because the people in @LOCATION1 come from many different places, which makes @LOCATION1 very diverse. One thing in the book @MONTH1 doesn't offend one person, although it might be for someone else. Magazines, movies, books, etc. should be checked out and determined if it's a good fit for some @CAPS1 folks, whether it's by building a kids section for books and movies, etc., or knowledgeable help with what people are looking for. Sections in the library organize the library, providing and easier access to where things are located. In libraries, there are search engines that help people find information in specific locations. The nice thing about dividing the parts according to people @CAPS1 is that it separates the mature part from the immature part, bringing the two into one. Children usually have a separate section for children's books, while older and more mature adults or teens have a section to gather important information about them. An example of a bad situation would be if they were a book on drugs and alcohol located in the children's section. Children who read that book carefully will be confused because they don't understand what drugs and alcohol are. They can learn bad things from it, and children tend to think they are invisible, drawing them to try anything or everything that might take their life. This is common sense. Sections of the library really help build a sense of organization, although personal help would also help. Personal assistance and help finding information in the library is very helpful, although they must be mature, understand and know that their books in the library may be related to objectionable material. An assistant can help us determine if a person who is looking for information on something has inappropriate content in the book, and an assistant can let that person know about it. Because the amount of information is endless, I am sure there will be many books on the shelf for many people to study. Every time I go to the library, there are always books on the shelf, and when I ask for help, they help me find what I'm looking for. They warned me about offensive or provocative images etc and helped me with the utmost respect. Assistance can help prevent any confusion with books, movies, etc. Assistants are always ready to help people find what they are looking for and warn people, and learn about the offensive content in every book, movie, etc. Personally, I believe that free speech plays a role in libraries. Writers and writers write information that is fact or opinion, usually people get to know a subject that people like or want to discover. A library review is necessary to let people know about it, although aid agencies have no right to keep anyone from reading a particular book because it is inappropriate or provocative. Everyone in @LOCATION1 has the right to read whatever they like. Something has to be done, like targeting minors, or it could lead to problems or disasters, but there should be no laws against children reading. No book should be thrown away because every word that comes out of people's mouth is useful, no matter how absurd it may be. Even if it's the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard, the person who said something makes you think about it, and that thought process will help you make decisions for the rest of your life. This will be more opinion-based writing. In fact, it's something that stays in people's minds like a word document is kept in the brain. This saved document can be changed and saved again even if the knowledge is objectionable. Offensive factual information is harmful to some people, even though it is fact, meaning it has happened or is true. This has given me my own take on the subject and I think there should be a sense of censorship within reason, although everyone has the right to read whatever they like as there is an endless amount of information in the world, including opinions information inside will leave books on the shelf empty
What would you say if your library was censored? Do you think it's correct to do a review in the library? Well, I'm here to explain my thoughts on library censorship. My opinion is that some items should be reviewed, but we don't want to punish everyone just by taking the book off the shelf entirely. If I were an adult, I wouldn't want my child to rent very vivid books, magazines, etc., but I wouldn't want to stop him from living his entire life. There may also be different censorship regimes for individuals. One idea is to let the parent come in and decide what type of vetting you can do with the child by putting it on his or her library card. Censorship would be a great way to help parents observe what their kids are reading and watching. A great suggestion I just made is a personal review. This prevents children from reading overly graphic novels appropriate to their age and doesn't offend parents. Same for magazines, movies, etc. rated x. I believe they shouldn't be taken off the shelf and just moved to another secluded place. This can offend parents when they bring their children in, so move it to a place where children cannot access the area. Censorship of books can also be downright heinous. Many books have graphics sections, but are also well worth reading and can learn a lot of morals. The graphic part of the book is like the graphic part of our lives, it happens no matter what, we can't get rid of it. Let kids, teens, or anyone else read this book if they're mature enough to read it, don't take it off the shelf. Just because it was offensive to some, others wanted to read the book. You @MONTH1 please some people with this thought, but you also anger others with this action. Another thing to understand is that the library has also come under a little scrutiny. Libraries are organized into sections by book category. Some books are categorized by their intended age level. Once you get into real fiction, it's not like that, but it's the case with young people, and one can see that it acts as a censor in a way. As you reach higher reading levels, you'll likely mature enough to choose what you think is good to read and what isn't. Having said all that, the library really doesn't need much scrutiny. Unless you do a personal review of young people. There is no need to punish people who have done absolutely nothing wrong to the community and others who just want to borrow items at the library
Wherever one goes, there is always a media source. Media can range from newspapers, magazines, radio to television. The media is used to inform citizens of what is happening and provide entertainment. Many media materials contain photos, language, etc. that may be deemed offensive to citizens. Media material should not be taken down if found offensive. At @ORGANIZATION1, citizens have freedom of speech. Authors, directors, singers and other producers are stripped of this right through censorship. If the government enforces censorship laws, people cannot say what they want or how they really feel about a subject. Also due to censorship, citizens are denied the right to watch and listen to the content of their choice. Not everyone has the same view on what should and should not be blocked in everyday media material. Parents and certain groups have a huge influence on the creation of censorship. Parents and these groups have complained that books, television and other media materials are offensive and other "harmful" to their children and should be removed from media sources. I believe that if a parent has concerns about what his/her child is watching, then they should address the issue themselves and not allow the child to view the material, rather than censoring it so that others cannot watch it. Parents and certain Crowds should not ignore the rest of the world's choices about how they choose to watch these specific shows and read specific content. Censorship can include anything from photos and language to news reports. People who think objectionable material should be blocked for younger audiences and others don't understand that at some point in a person's life, they will come across it. Sometimes in order to understand major world events, like the death of @LOCATION2, it is necessary to understand the violence and force used. If these materials are offended, no citizen will really know the true story and context of world events. Censorship affects everyone, from children to adults. It can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts. Censorship should not be done in @LOCATION1 and the rest of the world due to the lack of citizens' freedom of speech and the rights we have as citizens
I believe certain materials like books, music, movies, magazines and other things can be taken off the shelf. I believe @CAPS1 should be removed from the shelves when we clear them. Other times I don't believe they should be removed from the shelf unless you're cleaning. I am @CAPS2. I've been trying to do the right thing. Every day my parents ask me to do housework at home and I believe that should be done first and not other things. I think it's crazy to take books and stuff off the shelf unless the shelf is full of books and stuff. This is what must be done. It's nice to take anything off the shelf. But it's not something that has to be done all the time. This is what some people might do. It's not my business. I always try to be obedient and behave well in front of others
If someone happens to find a book or movie objectionable, should the library remove it from the shelf? I think the answer to this question should be no, because everyone in the world can find something in a library that might be considered obscene or offensive. However, if the library decides to remove every piece of literature or art in its possession that is deemed objectionable, its core walls and shelves will be bare. I'm sure you've seen and heard a lot of people being offended by silly things like children's novels, pictures and lyrics in magazines. I know I've seen some people turn pale because a piece of literature or art makes them very angry. But seeing the reaction, I've come to the conclusion that one person @MONTH1 finds offensive, another person finds it beautiful. For example, paintings of naked men and women are seen by some as false and disturbing, and by others as masterpieces. Everyone has their own opinion on things, but it's not the library's job to worry about which opinions are wrong or right. There's really no way to avoid offending people without completely cleaning out the walls and shelves of the library. Simply put, anything can be seen as offensive to anyone. I know I personally find some books about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 disturbing because of how graffiti they are. However, that doesn't mean other people shouldn't be able to read what a young woman finds objectionable. Offensive literary and artistic works tend to be the best types because they evoke emotions, if not the intended ones, and make people think. You learn a lot when you see something that makes you emotionally strong. With today's society and culture, someone is offended by something every day in @LOCATION1 and around the world. Religious groups @MONTH1 will be offended by a picture on the cover of a book or in a teen magazine, while political leaders @MONTH1 will be offended by journalists reporting on them. You see, there is no way to avoid offending people. To me, it's amazing that libraries are still worried about censorship when TV shows show sex, drugs, and violence. People are obviously mad at the TV show that's on, but, that's about it. TV shows are still on the air. Offensive or not, people are still watching, just like people are still reading books, looking at pictures, listening to music, someone found it offensive at some point. If the library decides to take out all objectionable literature and art, what's left? Friends, the answer is no. Giving you a beautiful creation @MONTH1 Brings horrible memories to others, but that doesn't mean it's a bad creation. A novel @MONTH1 that whets your appetite and teaches you more than you will ever learn in a lifetime. I want people to realize that just because something is offensive to someone doesn't make a mistake. Just because someone thinks they don't think a piece of literature or art is something they want to see or read does not entitle them to deny others the opportunity to read or see it. As you can see, libraries shouldn't waste time reviewing because no matter how hard you try, someone will always find out what's bothering them.
Everyone has their favorite music to listen to or book to read, even if it does offend certain groups or types of people. People still read or listen to it. People who write books or write lyrics are just expressing themselves. I believe anything offensive should not be censored because it's a way for people to express themselves. I'll keep listening to music as long as I like the sound of it. It doesn't matter to me what the lyrics say, I'm pretty sure it does to a lot of people. But there are songs that people feel resonate with, so they're actually listening to what the song is saying. I really don't read because I'm very picky about the books I read. But not all are. A lot of people enjoy reading because it makes them feel like the book takes them to a different world. For them, it's a way of escaping everyday life. I can understand why someone would want to run away. Movies are like books, but you can see what's going on. This makes it more interesting than a book. So more people would rather watch movies. But the movie doesn't have all the details in the book, so the book is more fleshed out. Just because someone doesn't like a movie doesn't mean no one likes it because there is one. So my conclusion is that everyone is different and they like different things and don't like different things. But just because someone doesn't like something doesn't mean others won't like it. Like I said everyone is different. So why can't the material they read or watch also be different?
As a teenager, I was trying to grow up, find my way of life, find a way to express myself. I don't think certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc... should be reviewed in the library. Everyone has their own opinion about things like the music we listen to or the books we read. I do think younger kids like middle school/preschoolers should be banned from violent songs and movies, but for kids in high school and up, I think that should be our choice. I don't think libraries should allow a book or magazine to be published if they really think it's offensive. Not everyone will like every book or every kind of music out there. We should be able to get our favorite books from the library. As Kathryn Patterson said, 'Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use. ' If libraries were able to remove books, music, etc.. because they thought they were objectionable, there would be no books for us to read or songs for us to listen to. I believe high school students and above should be able to decide for themselves what books they've read or music they've listened to. Don't listen to a certain type of music if you don't like it, don't read it if you don't like the way a book is written. No one makes you read or listen to what you don't want to read. @MONTH1 Offending some @MONTH1 books will be eye-opening for others. In books we learn about war and things that I think are scary and unnecessary, but sometimes it's a fact of life and things we might find offensive in books are usually things that happen in real life. I believe that books and music in the form that young children should be censored can be objectionable because they are insufficient to know what is right or wrong, and they don't know how to deal with violent messages and curses in books about war and music. In conclusion, I think libraries should only review books that are offensive to parents with young children and children in the younger section of the library.
I don't think certain materials should be removed from library shelves. Libraries are designed to provide people with all the media they need. The move will bring three things: loss of business, inconvenience, and a narrowing of people's book choices. The number one reason libraries shouldn't be censored is that they don't lose business. Just like any other industry, libraries need people to use their multimedia materials, such as: books, magazines, music, etc., so that they can continue to operate. A lot of people go to the library to get certain magazines or movies etc, and to get rid of certain movies and/or magazines is to get rid of certain cuatomers. Another reason is that the loss of business will lead to the loss of customers, and if there are no customers to consult the multimedia materials, the library will be closed. Nobody wants their library closed, so the library shouldn't be censored. Also, instead of reviewing the entire library, parents review what their children get from the library. One way is to get your local library involved in restricting young children's cards. For example, if a 13-year-old wants to see a movie rated @CAPS1, they won't be able to. The limit on their card might be rated @CAPS2 or @NUM1 movies. Another way is to have adults supervise what children get from the library. For example, if a 13-year-old wants to see @NUM1 movies, only allow them to see one at a time. This will reduce the risk of offending a parent or guardian. In the end, there was nothing left in the library. One reason is that out of all the books in the library, I'm sure at least one person is offended by each one. Does this mean that every library should close its doors? No, of course not, it just means that if something offends someone at the local library, stay away from it. Don't check that book, movie, magazine, etc. The second reason is, don't go to that library if the material in it offends people's beliefs or religion. Libraries offer a lot to help people enrich their knowledge of a certain belief, so they shouldn't be censored. Sometimes what one person finds offensive is essential to another. Of every book in every library, people are most likely to think they should be reviewed. But they have to understand that the same book is of great help to people. Those same books are life-changing and read to improve their understanding of something. So I would never think that the library should be censored.
Freedom of choice is something everyone can have, such as what type of clothes you wear. Censorship should not be allowed in the library because everyone should have a choice. Also, aside from taking books out of the library entirely, there are other ways to keep kids from getting inappropriate books. Library censorship shouldn't happen because if someone is eighteen they should have the right to choose what they want to see and parents can censor the books and movies they want their kids to read and watch there and it's offensive and inappropriate Something on TV that everyone can access. First of all, if a person is eighteen, they should have the right to read any book they choose because they are of age. Eighteen year olds can watch a movie rated @CAPS1, which is probably as bad as a book. In our society, eighteen-year-olds can do almost anything they want because they have freedom. For example, adults can look up anything they choose on the Internet, and so can all other age groups. So, if they want to read a book like this, they can probably get it from the internet, even if they can't be in the library. So with today's technology, censorship doesn't matter. Second, aside from taking books off shelves entirely, there are ways to keep kids from reading inappropriate books. For example, if parents are very concerned about their children reading inappropriate books, they should take their children to the library in person and tell them what they can and cannot read. If parents don't censor what their kids read, then these parents @MONTH1 want their kids to read whatever he/she chooses. If their parents choose to let their kids read this book, it's their choice, not anyone else's. What books a child reads should be a choice between parents and children. In the end, there are many things in the world that might offend other people than just one book. For example, people always offend others with what they say. People heard about all the fighting because the person might have been offended by what someone else said. And TV. There's always something inappropriate on TV, but everyone can access it if they want to. Also, some shows on TV may be about racism or someone being overweight. These things offend people every day. So we shouldn't take a book off the shelf just because it has the potential to offend someone, because a person might be offended by many other things in the world than a book. In conclusion, library books, magazines and movies should not be taken off the shelves and kept away from the public simply because they are not suitable for certain children. Eighteen year olds should be able to choose whatever they want. Plus, if parents are concerned that their kids are reading inappropriate books, they can monitor it themselves. Also, people are offended by other people every day, so books, magazines, and movies aren't the only things in the world that can be offended. If the person thinks a movie or a book offends them, don't watch it! Not everything in our life has to be controlled by someone, so people should relax and give some freedom of choice.
Today, in addition to books, there are many varieties of merdia in the library. There's music, movies, magazines, and more. You can find all sorts of stuff and resources from the library. Do you think certain materials should be removed from shelves when they are deemed objectionable? what do you think? I don't think it should be removed. Even if it's something you don't want your kids to know, they will know one day. Once we take it off the shelf, and then more stuff, the information is removed. After all, there is nothing. There is a lot of information in this world. Growing children learn all kinds of things from their parents, books, and other media. Parents want their children to learn as much as possible. However, there are some things that parents don't want their children to learn. You need to think this way. Children will grow into adults, and then they will know any method. If they're going to know about it somehow, why are you taking it off the shelf? What's the point of it? Isn't it taken off the shelves so that the children don't know? I don't think this is necessary. Author Katherine Paterson said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelves. However, if I have the right to remove that book from my Disgusting bookshelves removed - then you have the same right, and so does everyone else. Then, there are no books on any of our shelves." I agree with Katherine. Once, books or other media were removed for one reason, and other things were removed for other reasons. I don't think it should be removed, like Kathryn said, there is nothing to give kids a flyer. What is the point of having a library if nothing is left for children? I believe certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from bookshelves if they are found to be objectionable, because children will know and need to know in order to become adults. The kids in the library also have nothing to pass on
Should certain objectionable materials on shelves be removed from shelves? I believe certain objectionable material, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from the shelves. These materials are considered by all different types of people. Offensive material should not be taken down as offending one person @MONTH1 does not offend another. People treat things differently than other people. For example, a woman might find a book disturbing or offensive, while the man next to her might find the same book interesting and useful to him. No one is the same, so not everyone will be mad at the same thing. I also believe that if someone doesn't like the object they are offended by, then they don't have to look, buy, or pay attention to that object on the shelf. He or she will not be forced to buy, read or watch content that offends them. The material that offends that person isn't meant to be there to offend them, it's for those who are interested in it so they can have fun in whatever they may be doing. Therefore, I don't think objectionable material should be taken off the shelves. People have the right to get what they like. A piece of material should not be taken off the shelf just because a person is offended by it. Different people have their own opinions and views on things.
Catherine Patterson's thoughts in her citation are understandable. If we were to review books, there would be nothing to read in the library. If you do try, you'll find something objectionable in every book. I kind of agree with her; however, I do think there should be rules about where books are located. Books are meant to be read, and taking them is terrifying for every book lover in this world. Some things are debatable about where to find these books in the library. Personally, I think children's books should be placed on the opposite side of the building from adult books and other reading materials. In doing so, you are largely preventing your child from entering age-inappropriate areas. Juvenile books should be kept separate from children's and adults' books. In this way, they are not around the material "over their heads", so to speak. If this is done, the hearts of parents can rest for a while. They don't have to worry that their children or teens will find reading material inappropriate or objectionable. Books that some people find offensive should be categorized, e.g. "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". They should also be classified as "@CAPS3", "@CAPS4" or "Other". In most cases of doing this, a situation where someone would be offended won't happen. While people will still find these books sometimes, and @MONTH1 will be offended, @CAPS5 mandates that we do our best to limit these times. All necessary precautions should be taken. At the same time, we should not remove any books from the shelves that are not good for some people. When taking a book off the shelf, we're doing away with @CAPS2 or even lifelong courses that are difficult to teach without hands-on experience. Books provide us humans with many things, from @CAPS2 to entertainment and even a comfort. Books are important to everyone, conscious or not @CAPS5. We can learn a lot from books, and we have a lot to offer our future members of humanity from books. I do support Kathryn Patterson's belief that taking books from the library defeats the purpose of having them around. At the same time, I believe there are ways to limit the amount of time people are offended by something. Deleting books destroys countless years of @CAPS2, past thoughts, and past experiences. Books should never be removed from a library simply because they were found inappropriate at @MONTH1.
I don't think certain materials should be taken from our library. If they take away the books that people get their learning expressions from, then that leaves us with nothing. Everyone in life should have their own choices and we should not limit them. It's all about making choices in life and people should have the right to read books and read what they want, not people looking down on them or thinking that the material they receive is unnatural. One person @MONTH1 thinks it's not good to read the next person may think the exact opposite. Music is an idea in our world, @CAPS1 you meet different people, so @CAPS3 should be music. When you give a creative look to music in your community, you can't have the same idea, the result won't be like everyone else. If so, the world would be a boring place. I think @CAPS1 has musical taste. If you're the right age and you're not hurting anyone, what are the biggest issues listed in music that encourages you to be creative. There are so many movies that some parents may think they are not suitable for their children. I don't think we should be so concerned about what our kids are looking at and what they're doing. I think the @CAPS1 movie you watch has a secret point, in other words, a lesson in the story. Some solutions that happen in real life might appear in a movie that might be rated @CAPS2. I don't think we should focus on the ratings of the movies, we should focus on the lessons the movies teach you. The kids of the world will have to be there to make their own choices and what they find interesting, @CAPS3 we should tie up everything we don't think is. We need you to let children grow there and learn on their own. Can't make someone listen, read or see what he wants them to hear. In short, we want not only children, but everyone to have the choices they want. The world is changing every day, so we need to change our thinking with it
When walking into the library, children are looking for books, movies and magazines that they shouldn't. This can be objectionable. I believe the offensive language in the author's work is not the author's fault. I can understand that parents might get upset if their kids are reading books they shouldn't. My point is that students should be able to choose what they want to read and if it offends them they should stop reading the book. I feel that students or adults should know if it is harmful to students. The examination of the library is to find books for everyone to see. I don't think they should ban anything in the library because it can be used for something useful to people. I have a hard time believing that a library would remove all objectionable books, movies or music from their shelves because the item could be rated badly. If they need to use the information in the book, I just don't think it should be a good idea for them to ban the library stuff. If it offends them then they should not read this book and choose another one. Authors work too hard to write books and complete the publishing process. My opinion is no, because I don't think they should remove the item from the library shelf because the content of the item is not suitable for someone. When I grow up and have kids of my own, my views may be different. But as of now, I don't think they should take the library shelves off the shelves
Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, should be removed from shelves if found objectionable. No, I don't think certain material should be removed if found objectionable. Many kids today are in gangs because they see parents, older siblings and even friends joining, so they decide to do the same because they think it's cool. Teenagers these days really don't care about movies or music. Not all music or movies are offensive. So we can't blame that. We can only blame ourselves for letting our kids watch @CAPS1 @CAPS2 movies and listen to uncensored music. We chose that lifestyle for our kids, so we can't really blame music and movies. The people who made the uncut music or the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 movie didn't care who watched it or what effect it had on the kids, and neither did the parents. They just want to make a living like everyone else. If parents could change the way they raise their children, I think the world would be a better place. Just because someone says objectionable movies, music or even magazines should be removed doesn't mean it's wrong. Parents choose to say it's okay if their kids should listen to or watch objectionable music and movies
I certainly don't think books, magazines, etc. should be taken off library shelves just because they offend a certain number of people. One of the reasons is that in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 it states that you have freedom of speech and when you write a book or an article in a magazine you are writing a story you want if it gets on the shelf where it was on @CAPS1, it should stay there. Also, just because it offends a particular group or individual doesn't give anyone the right to take something off a library shelf because the author said what they wanted. There are also a lot of things in today's magazines that offend certain people like celebrities, sports stars, etc...but they don't go to the library and take them off the shelf. If you're one of those people who does take a book or magazine off the shelf, I think you should ask others what they think about the material, as some @MONTH1 love it. Also, if you continue to take all the books off the shelves, how do we have to read and educate ourselves today, to read stories that are passed down from generation to generation? If you do see one of these readings and they're against you, put it back on the shelf; and act like you never picked it up.
I don't think certain books or anything should be taken because people like different things. Someone might want to get that book. I don't think it's right to take it away. When I was in sixth grade, I lived in a foster home that I hated. They don't let me listen to the music I like. They think children are not good at listening to music. All they wanted me to listen to was Christian music, and I didn't like that. My adoptive parents used to try to take from me what they thought was my inner "devil". They make me read the bible every night. They tried to force religion down my throat. I think this may be one of the reasons why I'm not religious. They didn't even let me listen to the band because they had a song about this girl's husband having an affair. Everyone should have their own opinion and be able to choose what they like or listen to or watch. When parents are that strict, it usually leaves kids wanting to do whatever they tell them not to do. If you don't let people see, hear, or read what they want, it may be less easy for them to express themselves. They won't be able to show off what they really like. It's not right that they will do something they don't even like. Everyone should be able to express themselves and what they like.
One of the amendments in @CAPS1 by @CAPS2 is freedom of speech, which grants freedom of speech to anyone who has something to say, as long as what they say doesn't interfere with other people's @CAPS2. It's been a long time since @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 signed off, but even today questions remain on the subject; should people be allowed to censor books? This is a question that has been debated throughout human history and has been debated for many years. Some say there should be a right to censor books they find objectionable. But if anyone took the time to think about it, they @MONTH1 would find that if everyone had the right to review a book they threw away, there wouldn't be any book left in the world. In a crowd that includes so many different cultures and ethnicities, in just about every corner of @LOCATION1, writing a book that everyone can enjoy and won't be offended can be an impossible task. We @LOCATION1 live in a very diverse society where literature has adapted over decades and centuries to different types of customs, cultures and religions so anyone can find a book they like. @MONTH1's way of life is different from other people's way of life, but a different way of life should be respected and accepted, just like literature. Just like in school, there are many times when a student looks really different to the rest of the class. Our teachers taught us to be kind and accept that student as he is, not everyone. Even after this article and many others have written about this topic, it's still a topic of much debate. This is because everyone is different and has their own opinion. Some say it's a good idea, others say everyone has the right to their own way of life. The problem will continue, however, because after all we are all different and have our own opinions.
I think library censorship is a good idea and not a good idea because some people can't read what they want to read. I read the World War @CAPS1 books, and many others, and if they just took them away for being offensive, I would have nothing to read. If I find a book that I think is objectionable, I put it back and don't take it. I think they should be @NUM1 like this book, especially movies and magazines because kids don't need to read or watch certain things because books and movies sometimes refer to drugs or alcohol and murder. I don't think the music is a big deal because it's not very impactful, but music videos suck sometimes. Movies sometimes go far and I don't want my kids watching them, so if they're objectionable, I don't mind if they take them off the shelf. I don't think books should be taken off the shelf because parents should know what their kids are reading anyway. I would at least check before buying a book or magazine for my kids, and so should other parents. There's always going to be some nasty books and movies, so it's the parent's job to make sure the kids don't get those books or magazines.
I think other materials in the library, like music and art, should be kept active in public libraries or school libraries. They are symbolic to the changing world as we know it. People have different beliefs about anything and I don't care what you say everyone has a different opinion about everything. So just keep believing what you want to believe, but don't ruin it for others, you've heard the saying, ''If you don't have anything to say, don't say anything'', well, they should remember Live this sentence and stick to it. During the years I was in school, no one objected to certain reading materials in public libraries, because everyone read what they liked, because the library provided people with the material they wanted to read. Let's say a person wants to read a book about @LOCATION1's falling walls and the library says they don't have and won't carry such a reading history, they'd be pissed off even if they could find the book elsewhere, but they should still be able to Find that book in that library. That's the history of this world, they should know. That analogy man will destroy the history created in this world, the historical man risking his life to be recognized in this world, which fits perfectly with the topic. I hope this article will make protesters rethink what they're arguing about. this is all
I believe that libraries should not censor their literature, all our media are fountains of knowledge waiting to be discovered. No one should be able to decide what is appropriate for the public to know. The right to decide what works for us and what doesn't should not be left to the library. Everyone should have this right so they can decide what is right for them. Over the past few thousand years, media has grown at an astonishing rate through books, music, movies, and magazines. Through all these mediums, we have learned a lot from our past trials and failures that we use today. The media is always around, reminding us of past mistakes to make sure they don't happen again. The great thing about all the media we have today is that we haven't even learned everything we can and want to learn from it. Some of our media @MONTH1 isn't the best fit, but we can still learn a lot from it. @MONTH1 upsets some people, and if it does, then they should stay away from it. It's not right to get rid of some parts of the media, because other people @MONTH1 who @MONTH1 thinks are immoral and wrong can learn something from it. If you are offended by something material, you should avoid it, not get rid of it for everyone. Our media is very powerful and should not be censored. The media has an incredible impact on the world, so we shouldn't try to hide some of it. We haven't even seen half of what the media can do
Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found offensive? No, it shouldn't be removed. Katherine said, "I have the right to take that book off the shelf, I hate that kind of work." @CAPS1 Most importantly, she has the right to do it, but someone has a say in it. Some people can read, listen, watch and see what they like. Of course, I really don't think it should be removed, even if it doesn't have anything positive. Although, it may offend some people who can choose whether they should watch, watch, listen and read it. Many people may agree with the author on this. However, many people may object. I think one of the reasons people should be allowed to see, see, hear and read whatever they want is because it's their own choice. Whether people like it or not, we make our own decisions. Another reason is because people want to see interesting things people invent that actually make shows. Some people don't like to be bored with the same thing. Author Katherine Paterson is right in some ways. She doesn't want her children to see inappropriate things. I have a daughter and I don't want her to see disgusting things. The last reason is that kids shouldn't see inappropriate things until they're 18 or older. These things can affect children very strongly. It is true that many people in this world have been affected by bad things. The author said, "Then you have the same rights, and so do everyone else." Yes, she means we can choose what our children want to see. For example, there is a magazine full of negative words and scary stuff. Are you going to pull it off the shelf so your kids don't get a chance to see it? If you love your child, you should do it, even if it's your own choice. You want your children best not to see, read, watch and listen to inappropriate content. In short, it will be your choice. There will always be things in the world that you don't like. You can't stop terrible things from happening. There shouldn't be anything negative in the library because you never know what your kids might be doing. Simply put, teach your children what is wrong and what is right. Finally, based on your experience. Teach them the right things from the things you learned wrong so they don't make the same mistakes you did.
I believe all types of books should be available to all types of people. Libraries should never target a specific group of readers. As far as I'm concerned, books are creativity in the form of text. Creativity is an important part of life and we are all the same without it. Everyone in the world has at least one book, it doesn't matter if reading is a hobby or not, there is always a book that will interest you. It's not fair to everyone to have books removed from library shelves due to 'objectionable' content. Different personalities lead to different writers. Different authors have different books. Different books have different readers. There are a lot of people out there who like to read. What will @MONTH1 people who like "offensive" content do when these books go off the shelves? Books are written for two reasons: to allow the author to express himself and to give the reader the opportunity to explore and connect with the author's imagination. I think if a writer has the ability to put whatever he/she wants into a book, that book should be available to anyone and everyone.
Have you ever been to a library and found a book objectionable? In my opinion, I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are in libraries for a reason. The reason is that if we want to watch a movie somewhere else, it's too expensive to buy it, if they have it, why don't you just go to the library and buy it. Most libraries I've been to have some sections for adults and children. This means there will be something for the little ones to read in the section for them. If underage kids walk into the adult area, it will be their fault if they see something inappropriate instead of the library. If that's the case, I'm sure there won't be books in the building of the library that adults want to read if every time a child or minor attacks a book. Of course, I'm not saying that there should be some really inappropriate books in the library that little kids should see. I'm just saying that adults do have the right to have books that interest them. When I go to the library, I find books that I love to read, and I'm not the kind of person who would just pick up a book and be immediately interested. Some books, movies, magazines, and music have weird titles that some people might be offended by, but those that are read more, heard more, or watched more. I believe no material should be taken off the shelf just because someone finds it objectionable. If the person doesn't like the idea of people in the library not taking the material; I think it's a personal issue. For example, there is a book called "@CAPS1," which is about a teen who took drugs and became pregnant at a young age. That book is one of the best-selling books in the world. If someone offends and asks for the book to be removed, it's their loss. I mean, if there was a book on how to murder someone, then yes, I would demand that material be taken off the shelves immediately. Except that no library in the whole world will ever have that kind of thing, so why worry about it. It would be weird if this were the case. But I'm very skeptical that it will come like time. So all in all, here's my take on it
Offensive material should not be taken off the shelves at all. Books cover a variety of topics from romance to science fiction. Everyone is offended by something; if we all could delete a book we deem offensive, humans would stop reading it. @PERSON1 has to prove it in @PERSON1 is the reason for the "@CAPS1" tag with offensive lyrics on @CAPS2. Books should be @CAPS3 fully censored. It hides the thoughts, ideas and meanings of authors behind their writing. I've read hundreds of books from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1. Parents worry about what their children will read, which means parents need to step in. Discussing book backgrounds one-on-one with children can address this parental anxiety about books. Pre-@CAPS4 to @CAPS5 to @CAPS6 require multiple stages of physical and fetal development. Through these stages, children learn from a variety of sources, including negative ones. Parents have a responsibility to ensure that tomorrow's generation can paint a picture of what is real and what is not. My grandmother shares my memories of learning to read at @LOCATION1. I'm reading @CAPS7 magazine; yes, this magazine is for adults, but I've gained the skills to read it. A skill that will propel me into job opportunities and help me in my daily life.
There have been many events in our history over the years. During this time, these events were recorded, recorded and filmed. These thoughts, opinions and facts @MONTH1 offend the few of us @CAPS2. The question is, "Should our libraries remove these 'objectionable' works?" The simple answer to this controversial question is no. Censorship of our library is a harmful and wrong thing to the public. Reviewing our library creates the illusion of perfect @CAPS2. Libraries will be places where reality doesn't exist if it's filled with bland articles and perfect wonderland books. Libraries preserve original and authentic information without leaving facts behind. One needs to experience reality to survive in "true @CAPS2", and one of the best ways to gain that knowledge is through books. Exposure to objectionable material and different perspectives helps shape who we are or who we will become. Taking it away would impair our development and growth, thereby creating an "imperfect" @CAPS2. There are certain points in history that not everyone can be proud of. @CAPS1, @LOCATION1s genocide and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 are all devastating points in time that could be a touchy subject for very few. However, history is an important factor in everyone's life; we know history so that we don't repeat it. Losing this information is how people fail to understand information clearly, thereby compromising the future outcomes of our society. Without a public record of these events, it can lead to confusion and misunderstandings about important topics. Ordinary people like you will "live in the dark" if we censor all media in libraries across the country. As people develop their own opinions and perspectives, they begin to distinguish between right and wrong. Your right @MONTH1 is someone else's fault. @MONTH1 no offense to you, @MONTH1 no offense to the person sitting next to you. To quote author Katherine Paterson, "...if I had the right to take that book off the shelf...you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we don't have the book on the shelf. Leave it to any of us. In fact, by removing objectionable material from our shelves, no media is left. Not everyone will have the same opinion on what matters, but that's where @CAPS2 comes in The reason. As a society, we have a right to protect our ability to share opinions, and censorship undermines our ability to do so. Everyone is different. @CAPS2 is full of diversity and perspectives, full of interesting concepts. Pass censorship History, opinion, observation record, our @CAPS2 becomes an illusion. We need to make these facts public. By getting rid of "offensive" media, we cannot share our opinions with each other for a more successful @CAPS2. Books The pavilion should not allow censorship because it is not good for our growth as a society and is generally wrong
There are books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that are not suitable for children to read. Banning them from the shelves shouldn't even be an issue, and if kids aren't supposed to read, watch or listen to it, it's the parent's responsibility to make sure they don't. I don't think they should take these kinds of books or movies or music off the shelves because what about the teens or adults who like them? There will only disappoint the kids but lose business for adults and teens. It doesn't make any sense at all. I think either the child should know what he or she can read or watch or listen to, and if they can't then it's up to the parents or the adults around them to let them know what they can choose from. The solution to the problem can be to separate those books, music or movies that are objectionable from books, music or movies that are suitable for children. This will make everything a lot easier so nothing falls off the shelf and knowone loses business.
I go to the library every week @DATE1. Although I really don't read much. I usually watch movies or music. If I do get a book to read it's usually a magazine or school stuff. I don't think books should be deleted. If you don't read them, it doesn't mean others don't. If you don't like the book, ignore it and it's that simple. If I found a book about the @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 fathers, I wouldn't read it for myself, but I wouldn't take it off the shelf. Others might want to read it. It has options to read it's not mine. It's like the radio knows it. The radio plays songs and deletes ancient poems. I don't think they should because it messes up the lyrics of the song and goes against the artist's words. The artist sings the song, but people change his or her words. For me, I don't think it's right. Now also like TV. When you see this movie in theaters or @CAPS3, their language or content is terrible. When you watch the same movie on televtion, they cut about NUM1 minutes of the movie because it wasn't good, or they cut the language. For me, I think everything should stay. I think if you don't want your kids to see it, just block it, but don't cut parts from the movie, it's not fair to other people. If people don't like certain music, then just switch the station to another area of the station. There is no need to speak out. Kids will pick up words at school or on the street in any way. I also think that since we have to pay so much tax, I think we should have the privilege to go home and watch a movie on TV and relax
It is important to know what is going on or what is happening in the world. If @CAPS1 doesn't know, the problem can only be helped for a short time. Words can turn into harassment, but the boundaries until that point are equitably protected by free speech. @CAPS1 Must learn to teach. @CAPS1 Must teach others to learn. Library censorship is more offensive than hidden material. Censorship should be banned because knowledge and time are all we have and everyone must accept and respect. If @CAPS1 were looking for information about the government on the internet, that person wouldn't find a lot of useful information. It's been a challenge to find out why same-sex marriage is illegal in some regions, or whether what's in the news is true. In this generation, our species is dependent on cell phones, websites and news for the latest date. It seems that the time for research is decreasing. @CAPS1 You can only learn so much from a world history textbook. @MONTH1 is not entirely accurate. The passing of information from historian to historian over the centuries might be described as a game phone. With the risk of being misled so high, the world needs as much information and ideas as possible. Knowledge, regardless of content, is valuable. It helps @CAPS1 learn from mistakes and solve problems. The world cannot stand scrutiny. Censorship does not change the existence of the censored author's ideas or the reality of what happened. Hidden information may be helpful. People were dying when this article was read. It can be easily calculated: @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3. They are gone. Anyone and everyone can die at any time. Time is mostly what we have. We need knowledge to make the most of it. Everyone deserves to be heard. It would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker if @CAPS1 didn't listen when talking to someone. Many in the underdeveloped countries marched on to their hungry cries. Cries like this make people who are more fortunate, eat well, and live well, like me, uncomfortable. Despite this discomfort, this information should not be withheld from anyone. No matter how uncomfortable or objectionable @MONTH1's material is, maybe the author is just thinking about himself. Maybe the author didn't find it objectionable, just trying to understand the world, because that's what @CAPS1 can solve all the problems that exist. Everyone has the right to have an opinion. People who think something should be censored or hidden may have completely different opinions than others. There is no absolute, divine being that can accurately judge a material. The reviewers may have made mistakes in the content of the material. Due to the diversity of opinions and notions of respect, everyone must be heard. Censorship should not be allowed, because time and knowledge are the precious cornerstones that determine the future of humanity, and no idea should be ignored. Censorship is a huge barrier to understanding what's going on and what's happening in the world. Truth is knowledge, and knowledge is truth. It's up to the world to unleash it and create something out of it.
People will always find things offensive. It's a fact of life. In any case, no one will be completely satisfied. We can't try to please everyone, but that's never going to happen. We have freedom of speech even if these words offend others. Things on the internet are objectionable and no one can dictate how to look at it. Libraries should do the same. I understand parents' concerns about their children reading or listening to inappropriate content. Something the author has written may be inappropriate or offensive. That's their freedom of speech. We can't take that away from them, but at least there should be some scrutiny of the book's appearance. For music and movies, they usually have a warning label if it's not suitable for younger kids. It might be a good idea for some libraries to do the same with books and magazines. In order to watch a movie rated "@CAPS1", you must be over @NUM1 and for good reason, because the content is mature. Now the books written are more and more mature. However, if we accept age-specific book reading habits, we may violate the privacy of others. No one has the right to remove books from library shelves for offense. Who can tell if something is objectionable? These libraries are public and therefore do not have a single owner. Cities own them. If there is a problem with whether a book should be in the library, that's the city's decision. Even if a book makes such a splash, no book should be taken off the shelves unless the decision is unanimous. The book should simply be placed behind the counter or somewhere only on request. I believe that taking books off the shelf is taking away the ability of the public to read. If parents are concerned about what their children might read, they should confront their local librarian. Librarians @MONTH1 can help them find books suitable for their children.
There are a lot of things that people think we really think should be removed that are objectionable in the library. I think if there is somthimg foumd offincive in the library, it should be removed immediately. A library should be a place of comfort, a place to relax, a place to read and enjoy our books, not a place we shouldn't go if we find something disturbing or offensive. Some people may not care what they see, some people will. So if I see something that offends me and upsets me, I'd be nice to ask if it can be removed from the list and book file. Now to summarize, if a book or anything @MONTH1 offends you in a library, then I believe it should be removed from that library. If people find something less attractive and offensive, it will disappear quickly and fewer people will come to the library. That's what I'm saying, make the library work for other people and make them feel at home while reading books, magazines, etc, not for you. Here's how others see what's in these libraries, not what you think
This is a difficult topic to debate. In my opinion, I think libraries should have some type of censorship. Eventually everyone will be exposed to the type of material in some of these books etc. Public and high school libraries should allow this material, but of course you wouldn't expect to see high school level maturity in an elementary school library. High school students are more likely to be exposed to inappropriate music than younger children and magazines. If they want to listen to music with inappropriate language, then they should be allowed. It's obviously a bad thing if there are young kids doing this because it teaches them the wrong things early in their lives. It would be better if they didn't touch this at all. There are also some books in this world that are not even suitable for high school students who need to stay away from all libraries to avoid exposure. Once they're old enough to make their own choices, then it's their decision whether or not they want to read the books. Some things can and cannot be put in a library. Even if you should know what belongs and what doesn't. So when I came to my conclusion, there should be things like music and books and magazines, but not graphic material, kids don't need to look at that kind of stuff. What you want to read is your choice. Just make it the right choice and be aware of what you read, watch, listen to or around.
Teachers at the school do their best to ensure that the material children and young people read and see at school is appropriate for their specific age group. Parents also work hard to censor what their children read, watch and listen to to maintain their innocence. In young people's lives, this sense of censorship wears off, and teens decide to read, watch, and listen to whatever they want. Most of the time this is true, but is this feeling of intense public scrutiny too old-fashioned for today's society? In my opinion, yes. In a way, censorship should not be present in libraries. There will always be something that one person finds appropriate and the other person finds perfectly fine. When I was younger, we would sometimes watch movies in the extracurricular activities I was involved in. One movie, specifically @CAPS1 @CAPS2, created conflict. While my mom allowed me to watch the movie, some of the other kids weren't allowed because their parents didn't think the movie was appropriate. Because of this parental family, all the kids on the show had to watch a different movie, which was acceptable to each parent. As @PERSON1 finally said, "We have no books on our shelves for any of us to use." If libraries restrict material based on what people find objectionable, there will be nothing; objectionable material. Our culture is like that. I'm not saying it's right, but someone else might think so, and that person has the right to go to the library and get a book they think is really good. The @ORGANIZATION1 review almost never comes up. That's part of the greatness of this country. People can say, believe and read what they want without government interference. This is incorrect in many places, and we should value @CAPS3 instead of complaining about it. The government has no constitutional right to censor publicly available material, and there can be age restrictions, but removing material entirely would violate the country's liberal policy. I agree that age restrictions are okay, but I believe it's out of character for what parents want their children to watch or read. Overall, the issue of censorship is a bit of a grey area. In my opinion, our country is about liberty, and censorship does not fully uphold the constitution. People can believe what they want, but the question will be hard to come to a conclusion. Everyone has a different opinion on something, which is why this question started in the first place. Maybe this problem can be solved when everyone learns to get along
Books in the library today can sometimes be offensive. Yes, I know they are about what happened in history. Other books don't, some have more than others. They're about killing, shooting, drugging, etc. First off, I don't want my kids to grow up thinking that @CAPS2 can steal, do drugs, or anything like that. I've seen books that don't make sense at all should be in the library. Kids may think they are good books, I think others are sensible. There are bad words in the books that the fourth graders read. Second, @CAPS1 is fun to read, I know they are fun. You have to look at it that way, I'm old enough to read these kinds of books, but it's not appropriate for me or anyone else to read them to small children. If it were up to me, I'd come up with some really bad books, music, movies, and magazines. @CAPS2 It's not up to me, it takes more than one person to do this. It wouldn't be fair if it all depended on me because the person next to me might not think like me. Next, @CAPS2 can make a movie and watch it, or even ask for some music for the class. As long as @CAPS2 can watch or learn. I'm just saying what I think is right. Not everyone thinks it's the same. People @CAPS3 @CAPS1 Kids watch and learn a variety of music and movies. As long as @CAPS2 is okay with perant, it should be fine. In the end, @CAPS3 kids are kids. Let them grow the way they want. Yes, this may sound silly to the next person, but it sounds good to me. At the end of the day, you can still teach them not to take a class or do the kind of thing in a book.
In our society today, many things can be seen in many different ways. Many proverbs, quotes, and even just simple words are twisted, twisted and turned into something they are not. Author Katherine Paterson once said that it is true that a person has the right to remove something harmful to children from a shelf. Even if this is true, the question really is, is it any good for you to take this stuff away? In my opinion offensive material should not be removed because librarians may take material without the money, children - especially teenagers - will do almost anything for what they want, And most of the time things have double meaning. If a librarian finds something offensive, he or she @MONTH1 will never put that book on the shelf for fear that kids will find the material. I think the action taken by the librarian is completely unnecessary. He or she @MONTH1 is able to get that privilege from his or her own library, but the material still exists in the world. A child could simply go to another library or even a store to find the same thing. I also think that libraries should keep this book on the shelf because what if an adult wanted to read it but didn't get a chance to read it because they found it offensive. As a teenager, I've seen the effort some people would go to to get these explicit materials. If a teenager goes to the library and can't find what they want in that place, they just move to another place. Even in the most extreme cases, teens use their parents' credit cards to buy what they want online. In this case, the library seems to be without a single thing because of something objectionable that could lead to a catastrophe. When a person listens to music or reads a book, the person may act in a different way than the author intended. For example, one can pick up an interesting book and find something interesting in everyone, but the reader may end up thinking that the author is only making fun of one specific thing; something the reader can engage with. Poultry language is overused in most songs these days, but even then this language is not intended to be understood in the way some people do. Everything in life can have a double meaning, which makes it easier to find objectionable material. Several reasons for these choices are that library review is unnecessary. If a librarian is concerned that a child may find unacceptable material, the responsibility should not be on the librarian, but on the parent. If the librarian does not like the material, then he or she should not listen to or read it; however, the librarian should not listen to or read other people's material without authorization. Kathryn Patterson once said that you can hope a kid doesn't find the material, you can take it away, but the rest will have nothing. This shows that one can't let a little thing ruin someone else
The idea of reviewing books and music in our libraries has long been controversial. Libraries are places where one can step away from the routine and get lost in the work of other writers and musicians. I believe the ability to read and express ourselves through the power of music is a very important part of our lives. Censoring these will only protect our lives and prevent younger generations from discovering the impact of words on our everyday emotions and behavior. Books are one of the oldest forms of information we have had over the years. I think if someone were to delete a piece of information they thought was objectionable, that would just open the door for others to find an excuse to keep the author's hard work behind closed doors. I personally like to read. I think that every book I read has opened doors for me to other beliefs and cultures that I would never have understood otherwise. Kids need to be able to explore the world, learn how other civilizations grow and function, and how we in @LOCATION1 operate in our own little world, which is getting more choosy every day. The only way to do this is to pick up a book from someone lucky enough to experience it firsthand. I have always had a strong passion for music. When I want to relax, music helps me focus and open my mind. In my opinion, censoring music shouldn't be something people even think about. Removing music from the library was hard for me to even start trying and accepting. Free speech used to be an important part of our country. Now it seems that everything we've learned about our great @LOCATION2 is nothing more than a false cover for the government to control our lives, actions and now how we choose to express ourselves. Music is a free way to express yourself in a less violent way. In the 60s and 70s, music was a way for many people to protest things like war and racism without violence. Times have changed, however, and those in charge of our country no longer see it as an "appropriate" option. I believe that just because a society thinks something is inappropriate, doesn't mean it actually is. We worry enough about what other people think, why should we judge other people's work if we can't accept the fact that we are all different. If we all accept the cultural differences of our world, there will be no need to debate whether to censor an expressive and emotional artwork worthy of display in our libraries
Can you believe some people think that books should be banned because there is bad stuff in them? Well, I can, kids today learn nothing but violence and curses. Banning books may be our way of keeping them silent and making them realize that something is not good. Only a minority of children now choose to read, and most of them are playing video games and watching TV. Children should not swear out loud or think violence is okay. Kids will read these bad books and think if someone is doing something they don't like they can shoot them, but that's not good. Banned books are exactly what children need when they are young. Banned books can have foul language and violence, but I believe it's okay if they're mature enough for your teen or young adult to read them. Teenagers should be mature enough to read a book with a few swear words, or someone kills another. Some banned books don't even have swear words; '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' doesn't have a single swear word in any of the books, but it's still on the banned list to this day. Some books, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed for profanity and drugs. I do believe that someone tried to change the list of banned books. Censorship should only be used when a person is too young to understand why or what happens when they say bad things or do something confusing. In conclusion, I think censorship is a wonderful thing and should be used in moderation. Today's kids don't need to learn about sex, drugs, swearing, violence, etc. I believe it would be a more controlled topic if they put an age limit on what you can watch/read.
I don't think the library needs to be reviewed. There are ways around your kids that have to be affected by certain things you don't want them to be affected by. If you don't want your kids to see certain types of material on you, not the library. The sole purpose of having a library is for variety, what's the point of having a library if you can't find what you're looking for because you offended someone. There are ways to get something off the shelf entirely, and if they're that explicit, they can be put in a section just for adults. No, I don't believe that if some material is found objectionable, it should not be removed from the shelf. One reason it's not necessary to take something off the shelf is if you don't want your child to read or see something that's okay, then watch them and see what they're trying to pick up, read, or watch. If you don't want your kids to do anything, they don't have to. It's like saying I don't like this tv show I never want my kids to see clearly how likely it is that the tv show will stop because you're not happy with the violence, drugs, language, etc. Very unlikely. When you don't want your kids to see certain shows, you watch them and stop them from watching, so why should there be any difference when it comes to the books they read in the library. Another reason is that the sole purpose of libraries is to provide people with a place for everyone. Just because you think something is scary and no one should read, hear or see it doesn't mean other people won't like it, it could be someone else's favorite book, magazine, CD or movie. An opinion should not be so important. If you don't like a book, movie, magazine, CD or agree that you have the right to express your opinion fine, then don't check that no one is making you. If they take something from the self every time they get a complaint, then there is nothing. If they were going to try to accommodate everyone, they @MONTH1 would also give up and shut down all libraries around the world because they themselves would have nothing. Also, if they were that explicit, instead of taking them off the shelves entirely, maybe make an eighteen-and-up section. It will solve a lot of problems. Yes, I agree there are some curated books, magazines, movies, etc. Young people should not be restrained, but as an adult you should be able to read, watch and hear whatever you want. This right should not be taken away just because children come to the library. Every library I've been to has specific sections, and if your kids stay in the section that has book types, they should be fine. Other than that, although the eighteen and up part will resolve a lot of conflict. No, I don't believe that if some material is found objectionable, it should be removed from itself. There are plenty of ways to get books out of themselves completely. I don't want to go to the library one day but really have nothing because every time someone has a problem they take a book from themselves. There's absolutely no reason we can't figure out a way to keep everyone happy, and I think having the 18 and up section would be a good start. In general I don't want my kids to be subject to those things and then keep your kids away from those things and no one is forcing them to read anything you don't want them to read
Libraries @CAPS1 are the many libraries located throughout @LOCATION1 with books, magazines, music, movies and more on their shelves. Libraries do have a purpose, I must say, having one provides information you won't find anywhere else. Just imagine @CAPS1 having everything you might need in one place. Certain materials, such as magazines and movies rated @CAPS2, should be placed elsewhere on the shelf immediately. If you'd like to rent them, ask @MONTH1 for help, then start @CAPS1. Children of all ages step into your library and are bound to encounter unnecessary information. From my own perspective, @CAPS1 should be an adult section where only adults over a certain age can enter loudly or be able to checkout. By displaying or displaying such material, @MONTH1 causes children to engage in dangerous or unsafe behavior. As for music, it can go both ways. Music is more of a way of life, and some people can't live without it. Adults of this age "need music to survive," as they often say. If your library decides to remove these materials, people at @MONTH1 will be turned away and your library @MONTH1 will lose business. What is a library if you don't have music, books, magazines and movies? an empty room. Certain materials that are not suitable for all ages should be placed up high, or in their own area, rather than everyone speaking out loud. Taking away this material @MONTH1 will cause a lot of grief. Just reorganize and make the library environmentally safe so everyone is welcome and @CAPS1 won't have any complications
OK? bad? Offensive or not? These are just a few questions to ask when referring to content in any given book, magazine, or even song. Who are we to judge what is good, what is offensive, or even what is appropriate for any existence? Author @MONTH1 expresses their feelings about a given topic from books, music, movies, magazines, etc. While their opinions may not please others, there is nothing they can do about it. In society, people speak, write, sing, and listen. Whether everyone agrees with this is another matter. In society, no matter what the topic is, there will always be at least one person who has a problem with it. The world will never be perfect! The only way to ease the confusion is for people to self-censor what they @MONTH1 ingested from reading or listening to these various books and lyrics. If a person is so strongly hostile to a particular topic, then they can do whatever they want and choose not to listen/not read. At the bottom of many CDs, both explicit and non-explicit, is a label that warns people of advice. It will briefly tell you that there is something they @MONTH1 is not suitable for, that @MONTH1 hurts feelings and is simply offensive. At that time people could choose whether to listen to CDs or not. Everyone has the right to freedom of speech. This doesn't necessarily mean that everything a life says is good; but everyone has the right to have an opinion. Some words will offend many people! From @PERSON1 using racial slurs in speeches, to @LOCATION1 calling women a derogatory term, to a white male calling his friend of color a nigger. People are always offended. There are many different ways of looking at life, many different perspectives. Not everyone agrees with each other because everyone is unique in their own way. From race to celebrity, from talented athletes to bright students, and even from ancestry to religion. Everyone has something that defines them and makes them who they are. We are all special; we all think differently. We found some slurs and lyrics offensive, others @MONTH1 were not. @NUM1 years ago, when I was in @NUM2 grade, my @CAPS1 class was reading stories about "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4". There are @CAPS4 young black children struggling to get a respectable education in a white school. Those were tough days and there was still a lot of racism in @LOCATION2. When my teacher read this book to us every day, we all sat down and listened in silence. On the third day of reading the book, we all sat down as usual and prepared to finish the book. Five minutes into the class, the teacher was reading a book, and she read every word in the book. "Nigger lover" was written in the middle of the sentence, and the teacher said it without the slightest hesitation. In less than @MONEY1, @NUM3 black kids came out of the room yelling. The teacher did not realize that she offended the children by simply reading aloud in class. The book @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 has not received any censorship. Although many children saw some of the terms as harsh, no one expected school riots. Because the teacher was white and the kids didn't want her to say that word, everyone attacked her. I'm starting to realize that everyone is not going to be happy. There will always be at least @NUM4 people who stand up and take revenge for what they don't like. In "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4" the book is not censored, but I still think it should stay on the library shelf. That book gave children a better understanding of how hard life was in the past. By maintaining harsh language, I feel like people seem to be aware of the tough times. Books, music, movies, and magazines will always contain statements that someone disagrees with, and if you delete it, I don't think people can fully understand the message the author is trying to convey. For all these reasons, I am proud to say that I believe these different books, movies, lyrics and magazines should be on the shelf
When it comes to a library's decision to allow certain materials, many different aspects must be considered. No specific audience visits the library. Many types of people go to libraries looking for different things. Blocking type material will lose the audience's interest and they will be cornered. Now that doesn't mean offensive material is acceptable, here's why. The item should be somewhat aggressive. Blasphemy and action are petty crime types. However, explicit material such as intense violence and gore requires conditions. Classification is an acceptable method of preventing some @CAPS1 from viewing hazardous material. Placing violent books in areas under @NUM1 blocked by @CAPS1 is an effective way to restrain children. Adults don't want to go into this section, so it won't be a problem. Understandably, some people are offended by the materials displayed in the library because the library is everyone's place. If the offensive item is only available to those who want it and hidden from the public, then this is something that could solve the problem. Many people should realize that the library is not a one-person place and must be shared by all types of people. When it comes to books, they can be placed in an area that can be used by those who like it. The same applies to magazines and movies. Movies are a form of entertainment that is heavily advertised in magazines and books. Any ad showing explicit or offensive images or text should be removed from public view. These ads should only be seen by its target audience. If @CAPS1 wants to use a computer, some rules need to be applied as well. @CAPS1 under the age of @NUM1 should have safety precautions preventing them from using their computer to find harmful material, @CAPS1 over the age of @NUM1 know how to avoid certain materials and do so at their own risk. These computers should be separated to avoid peeking by children or anyone who finds the material exciting. Listening to music on a computer or through a device also requires something to do. If there's a song that doesn't suit certain listeners or offends someone, you should ask for headphones. The library is a place of peace and quiet, so headphones are required anyway. This may eliminate the problem as long as the headphones themselves are at the proper level. If @CAPS1 wants to view any material that is or may be offensive or explicit in some way, they must prove their age of maturity, as @CAPS1 can use some mildly violent items under @NUM1. In conclusion, this can eliminate the problem if the classification of harmful or explicit material is properly placed and kept out of view by undesired viewers or children. Music can only be played through headphones, and the volume must be appropriate. If an item offends others, it should not be removed from the shelf, but enforced . With rules and conditions, the library is a safe and pleasant place for everyone.
I think music and other things other than books should stay in the library. Honestly, that's where a lot of people go to find other music, and yes it can be off-putting to some but not to others. They have the right to say they don't want to hear that stuff, so they don't have to. The library has @NUM1 different genres of music, movies, magazines and more. So, if there are so many, why should everyone else be limited to what they read, hear and see? Libraries are places where people find new things and explore places of interest to others. Why did they put it there just to take it all away. I remember going to the library as a kid and looking around and I saw all the other people looking at stuff I'd never heard of, of course I'm just @NUM2, but I mean, people grow up to what they like, they Not born to like something, that's all. I think the library itself is perfect. I think we should have more different kinds of music, if anything. I know not everyone likes the same music, so why are you forcing them? I think @CAPS1.S is being populated every day and all we can do is extend it in every possible way. Remember, not everyone likes to read, they just find it fun to read magazines and watch movies. I know I'm someone who prefers watching movies or listening to music than reading books. Not everyone is the same, so why should you treat them that way. As @NUM3, I think I'll drive myself crazy if I have to listen to Disney tracks all the time. I listen to what I listen to because I'm interested in them, and if someone takes my music, I don't know what to do. I guess I just need to read books I don't like and listen to music I can't stand. Music should stay in the library because that's where it belongs and you can't make everyone happy
In my opinion, I do think we shouldn't have overly offensive material on the shelf. This material @MONTH1 will not offend some people, but may offend others. They may be against some people's religion and way of life. I read books outside the school library that I don't think should be on library shelves. Now they have the same book in the library. There is violence and misconduct in these books. Are these books you want your children to read? There are even movies like those books. Many shows are based on book series and @MONTH1's series is not a good one. This series may contain violence that may affect children and youth. Kids can see what they think is really neat on @CAPS1 and go out and try it. They don't understand that what they're doing @MONTH1 is not a good thing. They may get into more trouble than they want to get in. I know some of the material on the shelf that many people say is offensive is actually not offensive at all. In my opinion the worst should be put away and only adults can get them. After that, adults can choose whether or not to let children watch. Some people agree with me, some people don't. what do you think? Do you want your kids to watch or read bad content that could affect them in bad ways for the rest of their lives? Do you want them to grow up believing that what they see in the movies and what they read in the books is good? Or do you want them to know what they should and shouldn't do?
I believe many of the books in our local library @MONTH1 are vulgar or offensive to many readers, but I also believe it has a lot to do with someone's maturity. For example, if you are an adult, you will most likely check out the adult section. @MONTH1 There are kids browsing the same section, although their parents should monitor what they check at their local library. Although maturity has a lot to do with maturity, some young adult books may not be suitable for those who read them. Some young adult books @MONTH1 take too far and the kids who are reading them probably shouldn't. I don't think everyone should be able to view whatever they want anytime, anywhere. Many parents have different rules for their kids than others and they @MONTH1 disagree with what these shelves show for kids to checkout. I remember when I was a kid my parents didn't always let me watch what I wanted because I was too young to watch it in the first place. As for adults, they are free to choose what to watch. I don't think the adult part of the library should be monitored too much because as an adult you are free to make your own decisions. You know what's right and what's wrong, and no one should tell you what you should or shouldn't read. My area of greatest concern is the young adult segment. Children at that time were in an awkward formative phase, learning for themselves what was right and what was wrong. Some books or movies may greatly affect younger audiences. Their parents @MONTH1 made them watch horror movies and it made them feel like what they were watching was really good. I think parents should be very involved in their children's lives and pay close attention to what their children are reading or watching. I do feel that some books should be monitored and taken off the shelves if they are found to be inappropriate for the expected age. Mainly in the children and young people section as they may receive information they shouldn't. I also feel that parents should be involved in their children's lives and limit what their children watch out loud. Above all, I think everyone should check out age-appropriate books
