Yes, I think certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from library shelves if they are in any way offensive. Librarians shouldn't put something bad on a library shelf if it offends someone. Libraries should only have interesting books with good stories to read and children's books. There should be no sexual or racial books, movies, magazines, etc. Things that are considered objectionable should be taken off the shelves because there are kids going to the library and they shouldn't see or check those things they go out. I do agree that the library should have a wide variety of different types of books and movies etc, because everyone has their own taste in what they like. But objectionable things shouldn't be on the shelf. If there are no objectionable things on library shelves, no one will see them or argue with them. It would be much easier because it wouldn't cause any problems for people since they wouldn't be on the shelf. So if they just took those things off the shelf, no one would see them and the library would be fine. Adults and children can go to the library and pick what they want without seeing objectionable items on the shelves, which will make it a better place to enjoy.
What do you do when you want to read a particular book you've heard about, but you find it's considered offensive to some people? Public libraries will take all objectionable material off the shelves and make it impossible for anyone to read it. Then a particular book you want to read is off-limits right now. A book that someone worked so hard to write, or a song or a movie, is now being collected because of a little bit of inconsistency. Do you think this is fair to our rights? In public libraries, I find censorship to be a very confusing topic. If someone's going to write and publish a book, someone's going to want to read it. If some people find it offensive, is it fair to people who like it that no one can read it? The way it should be done is, if you don't like it, don't read it, don't just take it away from everyone who wants to read it. I think there are some materials in the library that should be reviewed to some extent. For example anything with nudity or adult content. That dose doesn't mean it should be taken away. Things with this content should not be taken away, but should be placed in a specific area for adults only. Many movie stores and bookstores have the same idea, why libraries only adopt this idea. As @CAPS1, we have the right to freely express our views and our beliefs. If someone wants to write a book about what they think is right, then they can. If you censor something just because you don't like what they say, that's against the constitution. You can express what you think about it, but it's wrong to take it away because you @MONTH1 don't like it. Do you think it's fair that people spend so much money and time writing a book that a minority finds it so offensive that no one else can read it? I say if someone is there to spend their time and effort, then those who like it should be allowed. Is it really hard for you not to pick up a book you @MONTH1 finds offensive? Censorship is good in some contexts, but imposed on what some people call offensive, it violates our right to free speech.
Should objectionable material be censored? Removing objectionable things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc. can be good or bad. This may be fine, as younger children are not exposed to what is considered objectionable. Although, this can be bad because it takes away freedom of choice. Most young kids don't know good or bad, so it might be good to review these things for them. Still, you shouldn't keep your kids away from the real world. Protect your kids from things that offend you, @MONTH1 stop them from growing up. Reviewing these things now doesn't really change what's already there. It's a good idea to review or delete content you think is offensive to @MONTH1. There are many reasons why @MONTH1 would want to do this. Parents @MONTH1 don't want their kids to read, hear or see something just because it offends them. Another reason parents @MONTH1 want to censor these things is simply because they don't want their kids exposed to them. Parents know that most young children don't know right and wrong, so they are willing to make choices for them. By doing this, parents can know what their children are reading, hearing or seeing. Some parents @MONTH1 think they need to protect their kids from these things because it could be harmful to them. They also @MONTH1 think it should be done so their kids don't look bad. Removing objectionable material from shelves takes away a person's freedom of choice. Who wants to be told what they can and cannot read? If parents do this to their children, it just keeps them away from the world around them. A child should be able to understand the life around them before they grow up and get completely lost. Parents @MONTH1 think it's a good idea because it protects their kids from what @MONTH1 thinks is bad. Really, protecting them can be detrimental. Censoring books, movies, music, and more, won't stop what our world already buys and sells. Offensive music, movies, books, etc., have been bought and sold for years. I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be censored or deleted. It doesn't give people a choice. Some people @MONTH1 like to read graphic novels or something like that. Music is made for people's enjoyment. Some people like their music to talk about drugs or curses, why take it from them? It is not fair to deprive someone of their choice. A movie is just a movie, it's not real. Just because something is done in a movie doesn't mean a person will do it. I think people should be able to choose. Reviewing these things now doesn't really change what's already there. If people stop and think about it, they realize that the offensive material has been bought by others. Many people illegally downloaded or purchased music in inappropriate language. This music is already on their iPod, @NUM1, and burned to @CAPS1, and cannot be deleted. Some books that @MONTH1 deems objectionable have been printed and sold to others. One person @MONTH1 lent that book to another, so this offensive book is going around. Numerous films involving adult content, violence and drugs have been released to the media. A lot of people own these kinds of movies. So, why censorship now when undeletable offensive material is already out there?
Many books, movies, music and magazines in the world can be objectionable. In all of these examples, there can be bad language, pictures, and information. Wherever people go, they can find something that might offend someone. People try to get rid of all the bad stuff anyway, but the truth is, they're there forever, if not for a long time. In @CAPS1 @CAPS2, all tenth graders just finished "@CAPS3 of @CAPS4 @CAPS5". The story is about a runaway @NUM1er named @CAPS6; and a runaway boy named @CAPS7. Many libraries have banned the book due to the use of the n-word. There is profanity in '@CAPS3 of @CAPS4 @CAPS5' and people don't want this book to be taught with @CAPS2. I personally think it should be taught because it shows today's students what it was like in the days of slavery. Music is something that most people listen to. Songs always have a meaning or theme that the artist sings or raps about. Many song artists write about love, money, and fame, and some about drugs, profanity, and suicide. Hip hop, rap, country, rock, metal, jazz, R&B, punk, etc., are just a few of the hundreds; and at least @NUM2 songs in each genre have bad connotations behind them. The same goes for magazines and movies. Magazines and movies have everything from cars to bad pictures to historical places, facts and documents to take action. Although there are age restrictions on buying or viewing something, that doesn't mean it can't get into the hands of teenagers. Just because music, movies, books, etc. have bad language, it doesn't mean it should be banned, just restricted. No, there's nothing wrong with putting your feelings into a book or a movie, just make sure it's properly analyzed so it can only be checked or sold to the right age group. What children and teens do now will affect the world later, and will continue until that changes.
We live in a world inundated and persuaded by the media @DATE1. From our childhood, our young minds are filled with the opinions of others in history and the present. Whether we're reading a book, watching a movie, or listening to a new musical artist, our lives are influenced by these media. The art world is considered one of the most controversial industries. Every piece of literature or film is shared by a wide range of critics. We all have the right to comment on these works. Every artwork is judged and then criticized. However, many people find certain pieces unpleasant in a certain way, shape or form. It is completely impossible to produce such a piece that everyone is satisfied with. For example, religious works are often ridiculed for their non-factual information or the director's or author's opinion on the matter. Since we live in such a diverse religious community, these works will never satisfy the audience. Movies have been criticized for decades for representing some kind of life lesson or truth that isn't appealing to audiences. Why not learn and reflect from them? It is impossible for any media to be led to satisfy the opinions of the world. As a personal example, I can see that novels and books about war are heavily criticized. The men and women who fight for our country @MONTH1 love to see articles about them, but war protesters and peacekeepers @MONTH1 consider it an affront to their cause. @PERSON1 wrote a book called @CAPS1 @NUM1. The book has been heavily criticized for censorship. The world they live in is greatly influenced by people's opinions. If a book or a movie offends a group of people, then they burn the books. History books on slavery and war were burned because others found the subjects offensive. Secular groups think religion is offensive, so they burn @CAPS2 and other religious works. Their government wants a peaceful world and a community where all are equal and where diversity is no longer present. @PERSON1 denies that the book was written under censorship, but his book has taught our generation a lesson. For generations, we have all grown up in a diverse world. Each mind is special and different and will never share the same thoughts with his neighbors. Therefore, we must realize that we must live and live together. We cannot escape the diversity of our lives. The books we see on our shelves, the movies we watch on the big screen, and the music we listen to through our headphones all make up the history of our generation and the next. We need to accept our neighbor and his opinion because we are all created equal. If we throw away our history and achievements, humanity has nothing to improve, nothing to leave his or her mark on history. We must accept the ideas of others and build upon them to improve our lives and those of others. As we stand @DATE1 in a world full of diversity, we must move on and reflect. Now is not the time to offend and be offended, but to learn and move on
I am writing to you today to explain my views on library censorship. I recently visited a library and some of the things I read there were really overwhelming. I think it should be reviewed and taken down. If you're a business establishment, you shouldn't want something like this on your shelves. You shouldn't expect customers to read it and feel disgusted. I hope what I write makes my case. I have many reasons to censor things that offend me and others who visit the library and have them removed, but only speaking on my behalf, there are certain materials such as books, music, magazines, etc. that are offense. I think things in nature should be dealt with with authority. If there is anything I would like to help me and my fellow man. Just imagine if a visitor came in and picked up a magazine, it had insulting visual details that readers could relate to or experience with, and it was talked about instead of being stared at, they would be very pissed off. They've got to be there for the reason they're there, and I know it's not to make them feel insulted. It is very inappropriate to put something objectionable in a library. People come to libraries for many different reasons. Some people come to escape, while for others it is everyday life. Anyway, maybe they should be comfortable where they are. Why do you want people in the community or people period to be uncomfortable where they are. Think if they are uncomfortable then they will tell others that you will lose a lot of friends and a lot of business. Think hard about what you do and how you approach it to get people's attention. To answer @CAPS1's question, I strongly agree with removing objectionable material from the shelves. I believe in making people happy and one of the things in today’s society is too much judgment, demeaning and bad talk about people. The world would be a safer place if people didn't judge or insult people. It has to start somewhere, and every small beginning leads to a great ending. I think this will be a great start to making the world a happier place and bringing us all closer together. I hope what I wrote helped you decide
CENSORSHIP @CAPS1: @CAPS2 Papers Do I believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the bookshelf if found objectionable. My opinion is it's okay if someone wants to write a magazine or a book because giving an opinion there knows that some people just have to say what they believe, some people will fight for what they want, and Not just censorship, everyone has one. Materials like music, movies and magazines need scrutiny because of how kids go to the library, they are like @NUM1 @NUM2 grades or maybe smaller than that. We need to clean up the library of things that kids haven't been able to see or hear enough. A library is a place to study and read a good book or magazine, we have to censor bad language and bad pictures. This can be very offensive to some parents as @MONTH1 offends the government by talking about another person's color or bad language. How people don't stop the act of this bad song contains censorship seeing some people write this they say people don't act or say what they want and I think we need people like that to point the finger and say that's the bad guy but Please answer the question, what good have you done to clean up the library. Censorship is just a small fight about removing bad content from the shelves It's just a call to make your city a livable place Help libraries help change today and make a change tomorrow
I do think that if some material is found offensive, it should be taken off the shelf. I think kids should only be able to read certain books because some books say things shouldn't be known until they're older. Some books, music, movies, magazines should be removed if they offend. I don't think they should be making some children's movies, books and music for little kids. They put a lot of stuff in children's movies that they shouldn't. This movie @CAPS1 They shouldn't let kids see that movie, it's not a movie I'll show my kids until they grow up. The reason is that it has a lot of bad language in it. It's about these people who take rubies. This guy betrayed his girlfriend and this is not a movie I would let my kids watch. Someone was drunk in the movie. They do stupid things. They try to make it look like a good thing, and it's fun to do all of that. I just don't think it's a movie for kids to watch. There is a lot of bad language in some music. I think they should write better songs for kids. A song that really means something or someone. Most of these songs they sing now are about stupid things that don't make any sense. I think some magazines are readable, but some just talk about actors. Just like @PERSON1, I once read about doing something bad here that she shouldn't. I think it depends on what the magazine is and what it talks about in it. I believe that if they are offensive, they should be taken down. I also think kids should be able to see or read them if they don't offend others and don't talk about bad things. If they did, kids wouldn't talk and do things the way they do today. Kids don't try to tell what they're doing in these movies, they see it happen or have friends do it. So they think it's cool that they go out and do things like this, but that's not the case.
Aggressive metal materials like this should definitely be removed from the shelf. What if the child finds out? They @MONTH1 think it's the coolest thing they've ever seen. Children should not be exposed to this material at all, especially in a place like a library. Sombody can easily take it off the shelf without knowing what it is. They @MONTH1 started reading it and had no idea what they were getting into, but there was something wrong with picking it off the shelf. This material should only be in places where it is popular, not in libraries or similar public places. If the material is in a kind of bookstore that is not suitable for people under @NUM1, then yes it should be on the shelf as kids don't talk aloud in that building so unless it's they can't read until it is taken out of the store to some home or elsewhere. Depending on where you go, if that material is on a shelf, say in a less public place, and you pick it up and start reading or watching it, you should blame yourself for not researching the book or case material. If people want it, they can, but at their own risk. It runs the risk of being offended if consumers take it off the shelf. Because they can't blame where the material is.
@CAPS1 Us? @CAPS1 now? These questions may be flashing through your mind right now. @CAPS1 The reason I am writing to you today is to give you my views on library censorship in the world today. In this case, hopefully I can enlighten you on this topic, along with the "@CAPS1 us?" and "@CAPS1 now?" questions. Censorship, what does this mean to you? To me, that means scrutinizing many things in the world to protect it from underage children, not those big enough to handle inappropriate things. There's a lot of uncensored stuff in today's libraries, which happens to be in the adult section of the library. Things like books, movies, and magazines shouldn't be removed from the adult section and should be marked as uncensored if that's where they should be. Now you might be wondering, @CAPS1 us. In today's world, many people want to protect their children from harmful things, such as uncensored material. @CAPS1 Us? There are so many laws, regulations, and even authorities protecting our rights in the world today. Now many people want to bypass the government to protect our rights. Many want to protect their youth from some so-called "harmful" things in society. Today, you can try to create a law or bill that @MONTH1 got the government to pass, and now some of them are trying to remove uncensored material. @CAPS1 now? The world has changed over the years and everything has become more accessible. Now one thing they think they @MONTH1 can do is remove the adult part of the library, if enough people fight for it, it won't happen. There is an adult part that is adults and not children and people need to be aware of that. Finally, the adult section needs to stay in our library. Some of the material in this section isn't always bad, and sometimes it contains material about wars and recessions. When people are adults, they are allowed into these areas, not younger. Don't punish the rest of the world for one library mistakenly giving kids access to adult material, make kids realize it's not their domain. Then many parents @MONTH1 see that it's not just a part of the world, the whole world is the same. Books, music, magazines, etc., need to stay put
I think all books and other stuff should stay on the shelf. Because if you have learned it, others should have the right to know it. Censorship is a bit out of place. I think it really doesn't matter if they see it now or later because they will still see it and learn about it later in life. If anyone wants to read it, I think they have the right to read it because it's their own choice. I've been watching students and adults in the library and where they think they can run everything. But this is what I think is correct
I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the library if they are offensive. Some people got things wrong, there might be a problem with the library. Also keep customers happy, more customers every day. In the end, it might make someone feel better about themselves. First, some people get things wrong, and libraries can have problems. If someone walks into the library and thinks there is something offensive in the library, you could be prosecuted. It can also make anyone feel disrespectful and feel like they don't have to respect the library because the library doesn't respect them. It can cause schemes in someone's eyes by making them feel like they are not equal around others. Second, it keeps customers happy. If a client feels they saw something objectionable and the library discards the item, that makes them feel like you respect them. If you put something objectionable in llbray, then if they feel offended and don't have a say in whether it should be removed, they'll be reduced to the library. The more people feel at home, the more they will come. Next, it might make someone feel better. If you walk into a library and see something you don't like in it, you'll want it removed too. If it's not removed, you'll feel like you're not being respected and you'll feel unwelcome. Say someone sees something objectionable and the library doesn't remove it, and that person takes a book out of the library and never returns it, you're going to lose money because you have to get the new book in stock. In @CAPS1, there are many ways to solve problems and solve problems without conflict. You can disrespect someone and they may disrespect you, but when it all comes down to it, you have to give respect to get it. Something can help people feel better about themselves and stay in shape for the day. So before you make a decision, would you want it done for you?
I think certain potentially objectionable material, such as books, music, movies and magazines, should be removed from library shelves? Of course not, this country still has such a thing called freedom of speech. Just because someone @MONTH1 finds something offensive doesn't mean the supposedly offensive material has no right to post or share it with anyone. Consider some of the authors who wrote books like @PERSON1, despite the fact that there was a lot of racism in the literature of that period. That doesn't mean they're still not part of American history. What will take these types of books off the shelf? Absolutely nothing, racists don't go hey because all these racist books are gone, I'm just now all but everyone. Music and movies are also a form of expression, if someone wants to get out of hand, write something offensive. You don't have to listen to songs or watch these movies. No one can force you to do anything of this nature. Today, people just take everything seriously, and they have to be involved in everything. When they should realize that most issues like this don't even concern them at all. Instead of worrying about everything they hear on the news, they should just focus on their own lives.
Library censorship is a hotly debated topic in today's society. This is something we should all think about and have an opinion on. I don't think the items in the library should be censored in light of the constitution @CAPS5, the creation of grey areas and the exhaustion of classic literature. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 to @CAPS3 to @ORGANIZATION1, apparently @LOCATION1 is the idea of a free press. Not only does this give publishers the right to publish whatever they like, but it also empowers people to choose for themselves what they can and want to read. Reviewing books in a library would deny this right expressly stated in @CAPS4 of @CAPS5. I refuse to support any idea that directly opposes @CAPS3, people at @LOCATION1 should be shocked that this kind of thing is even in discussion. When scrutinizing something based on how offensive it is, one always has to consider the grey areas that will form. For example, offensive content in a book @MONTH1 will not offend others who would benefit from reading it. The term "offensive" is relative because definitions vary from person to person. Not a single thing can be considered offensive by 100 percent of people, so not a single thing can be removed without objection. This creates grey areas with no correct answers. This will be very cumbersome for those trying to review items in the library. Second, the decision about who decides what's offensive and what's not can be as controversial as the books themselves. Knowing that everyone has a different opinion and the person making the decision must represent everyone's opinion equally when making a decision, talk about problamatic. In the end, censoring books eliminates canonical literature and weakens the understanding of the world in the eyes of great writers. For example, in @PERSON1's "@CAPS7 @PERSON2", the word "n" occurs over a hundred times. Many @CAPS8 @CAPS9 are very offended by the use of this term. However, the book is regarded as one of the greatest works of the centuries and cannot be removed from the education of young people for an offensive term. If people want to censor books, then censor their own children, not other people's children, inevitably censoring the entire population. In conclusion, censorship of literature and other items in libraries is not only impossible, but totally unconstitutional. The idea of censoring children's items based on offense should not be pursued
There are many forms of entertainment in the world today. Almost everyone has access to movies, magazines, newspapers, music, books, television and radio. While these examples from @MONTH1 seem relatively innocuous, in many cases they can be quite offensive. When it comes to creating books, magazines or movies, @MONTH1 is not offended. A group of people @MONTH1 found something very objectionable that most other people wouldn't even think of. There are many types of consumers, and due to the diversity of people, it's hard not to offend anyone. Certain materials, such as books, music, movies or magazines, should not be removed from shelves even if found offensive. Censorship in libraries or anywhere should be looked down upon. No one is forced to read books or magazines, watch movies or listen to music. If someone finds a book offensive, the solution is simple: don't read it. Others @MONTH1 found this book inspiring and uplifting and were wrong to choose to read it away from others. There are many forms of entertainment that can go the wrong way and offend people. Taking away any books or magazines that might offend any group of people would be a daunting task. Taking all the offending books will eliminate most of the books available in the library. If a person does not want to read a book because of its offensiveness, then he can leave it on the shelf and choose another book. This book should not be taken from someone else @MONTH1 just because someone @MONTH1 is offended by it. Everyone has a different view of things. A lot of people @MONTH1 have one view of something, while others have a completely different view. That's why books, magazines, radio and music in all their different forms offend people. For example, one person @MONTH1 would be offended if a book talks about a topic and another person doesn't think so and keeps reading. This guy @MONTH1 loved this book and passed it on to others to enjoy. If it's taken off the shelf because it offends the first person, no one can choose to enjoy it. Just because something is offensive to one person doesn't mean it is offensive to everyone. I think the review of the library is wrong. There are many personal reasons someone @MONTH1 is offended by something, but that doesn't mean it should stay away from the public. People @MONTH1 missed a really good book or movie if it was removed from the shelf because someone was offended. For example, if a person finds a book objectionable, they can easily stop reading that book and choose another one. No one is forcing them to read what they don't want to read. Also, @MONTH1 the book was so enlightening to another person that it would be unfair to them to delete it entirely. It is wrong to review the content of the library.
Living in today's society, there are many different people with many different views, the world is a diverse place, there should be no limit. There are countless different ways people see the world and perceive things. It's simple-minded to tell someone what they should and shouldn't know, because anyone can perceive a book, music, movie or magazine differently. @CAPS3 To quote Katherine Paterson, in a nutshell, a metaphor for using a book and a bookshelf to make readers understand the importance of information passed down from generation to generation. Books represent information in the world, and bookshelves represent places where information is stored for people to find information. To remove the book from the shelves indefinitely is to shut down the minds of the next generation. Someone once said, "If you don't know the future, you can't know the present." @CAPS1 This book @MONTH1 offends one reader, it can inspire another. Everyone has a different perspective and way of life. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 People are granted a better lifestyle than everyone else, @CAPS2 unfortunately struggles to live every day. A book @MONTH1 that offends someone who thinks the book is harsh and should be taken off the shelf can also inspire a kid who is going through a struggle to overcome his circumstances and become a better person. I read a lot of books that I wasn't interested in and passed them on to my brothers and friends. Shockingly, the book interested them. After interviewing my siblings and friends about the book, it turned out that they were getting a different message from the book than I did. No one thinks 100% the same. '@CAPS2 @MONTH1 thinks the glass is half empty, while others think it's half full. The @CAPS3 quote is a perfect example of thinking in the world today. Ultimately, if everyone thinks the same, everyone will be the same person. "Leave no books for any of us on the shelf" is like programming a robot to do just what you say it does. In such a diverse community, it is impossible to take any book off the shelf. Living in today's society, there are many people and different views on things. The world is a diverse place and there should be no restrictions.
Opinions I don't think they should be removed because the book tells you what it's about later. The movie tells you its rating. It's mom or dad's fault. They are how we read, watch, listen and even play. If they don't want us to study then they shouldn't even study for us, the reason they study for us is because the kids are all dirty. They want every little thing in the world, and parents are shopping for them to keep them happy. Parents are not the only culprits. Children are to blame. They are those who want to watch a movie rated @CAPS1 or get a video game rated @CAPS2 with offensive language. Children also speak offensive language to each other and suspect they know what it means. Kids who hear bad words will go to their parents there and say "what do those words mean". It happened to me and I said these things to my parents. When I started reading and hearing and watching it and telling my parents what it meant, I was struck by saying that word. I thought to myself, they want to hear this from me. I'm pissed that I once said I wish I could go back in time and never say that word to my parents. I don't know why I say it over and over again. I just can't figure it out. I only got in trouble for saying this because I heard stupid words I wish I had never heard. I've listened to it so many times and I can't get away from it like they know what it means but I know they don't because they just said it randomly and I'm pretty sure they didn't tell the parent there because the parent who was told there Still getting hit, still hurting it's still there for people with red flags thinking they did something wrong and deserved it. When I found out what it meant, I didn't say it for a long time until someone made me so angry that I started saying it again. Now these two views still hold, how should we blame the parents or the children, should we take down the things that offend us and let the children learn bad words? The choice is yours, not mine, because it's mine, and I'll blame the kids, no, we shouldn't delete things with offensive language, because for many of us, we don't feel it's right Offended by us or others. Just consider "people will be against it no matter what you decide"
Libraries around the world face censorship barriers. In this day and age, censorship has become a big deal. @CAPS4 can affect books, music, movies, magazines, and more. The question for this post is is censorship a good thing or @CAPS4 a bad thing? Censorship allows certain books to be removed from library shelves if someone finds them offensive. Everyone has their own opinion on things, so why does this affect what we are allowed to learn? What one person finds offensive may be perfectly fine to another. Also, you're not forced to @CAPS3 @CAPS1' @CAPS2 want something. If you find @CAPS4 objectionable, one solution is very simple, @CAPS1' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4! Censorship doesn't just affect learners, @CAPS4 affects authors. One of the things that censorship takes away from writers is freedom of speech. Writers create books, music, and magazine articles to express ideas about topics, show others how they see the world, and show what's possible in their lives. Because authors do this, @CAPS4 creates connections with readers that they can understand and relate to. Writers can choose what they want to convey to the world, and they should be privileged to do so. Even if you can censor books and music at the library, you can' @CAPS2 censor the internet. The Internet has become the place where anyone around the world can find their favorite websites, books, music, magazines, and even shopping stores. Libraries are public libraries, just like the Internet is public. Anyone should be able to visit @CAPS4 and enjoy what they like. Censoring things is almost the same as not letting a teacher teach because of nationality, or not letting our president speak because he is @CAPS5. Censorship is based on someone's opinion. @CAPS4 should' @CAPS2 affect learners or authors. Censorship blocks the voice of society and the minds of ordinary people. Censorship shouldn't even exist
A library is often thought of as a room full of books within a school building. Instead, they are found across the country and used by people of all ages. Because of this, I don't think there should be restrictions on what books can be put in the library. If books and magazines are labeled, a person can stay away from what he or she finds objectionable. But as far as school libraries go, of course all books should be age appropriate. Just because you don't like it, doesn't mean your neighbors won't. If someone finds a movie ridiculous and inappropriate, that doesn't mean others will too. Since everyone is different, no one likes the next person's same movie. Therefore, a film that is personally offensive should not be taken off the shelves and prevent others from enjoying it. The same goes for magazines, books, and anything the library has to offer. Parental concern for their children is also a factor. However, if a public library has a section of books or magazines that parents of young children find offensive, I don't think that should require the library to remove that book. That's where I think organization and constraints come in. Adult books and magazines that may offend children should be placed in a section of a separate room, or on a different floor of the building. This will prevent accidental discovery by children. Aside from organization, I think there should be a limit so that if a kid walks into that section on purpose, picks up an inappropriate book, or is disgusted by the parent, they won't be able to be at the librarian's desk. Outside of public libraries, I think school libraries have different requirements. Of course, the elementary school library should not contain any inappropriate material. All materials in the elementary school library should be used strictly for education. At that age, kids are too young for any form of adult humor or magazine articles. At the @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 levels I think things should change, but still be much stricter than public libraries and definitely contain no offensive content. I think teen libraries welcome magazines and joke books. Of course, there is nothing against school rules. Public libraries are places for children and adults to find books or movies to entertain themselves, and everyone has a different opinion. Because of this, public libraries should have no restrictions and you should be able to get the books or movies you want. Within the school company, the environment has changed, and the rules have to change. No objectionable items should be placed in the school library, regardless of the age of the student. Libraries should not be required to remove books from their shelves.
I don't think they should delete music, movies, magazines, etc. that should be taken, because if you take all of that away, there really isn't anything to do in your free time, it's just boring. I know a lot of people can't stand boredom. I know if I'm bored all the time because someone has taken the music, I can't handle it. Now if we never had music and movies and all the other good stuff, it would be a different story. No one really cares because they're new or uncomfortable with it. How would you feel if you had to drive @NUM1 hours without any music or magazines to read? I think you'll be really bored I guess.
Libraries don't just hold books, magazines, and movies... they also hold history. There is no doubt that many pages in the thousands of books and magazines the library has are printed with objectionable material. Some people find it scary, but on the other hand, I totally disagree. Every book has a different story to tell, and everyone interprets the content differently, so I don't think libraries should take objectionable material off their shelves. What is the real offense? This question is difficult to answer because everyone has different perspectives, different perspectives and different backgrounds. Some will say violence, drugs, gangs and sex are offensive... while others will find religion, beliefs, traditions and morals offensive. With all the different perceptions of what someone finds objectionable, libraries will have to clean their shelves almost completely, just to get rid of a small part of it. There are many sections in the library, from novels to children's stories. If there is a section for "Children's Books" and "Adult Books", can't @CAPS1 have one for material that some readers will find objectionable? If a book is offensive, the library can even flag it. This will resolve many conflicts! Readers have no right to be angry if they choose to read a book marked with offensive content. It is unthinkable to limit the shelves of our libraries. If someone is offended by what they read, they can put the book down as quickly as they pick it up. A public library is a public place where a lot of people go...so if one person is offended by something they read or see, it doesn't mean the next person will. Bottom line, no book should ever be taken because someone can't handle sadness. "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf - I hate that kind of work - then you have the same right as everyone else. Then we don't have the book on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS2 everyone Offensive material is viewed differently and it will be difficult to eliminate. One finds the book offensive so it disappears...Libraries will be meaningless. Shelves will be empty as so many extraordinary books are lost .people do get offended, that's life...I don't think they should take a book from everyone just because of one's opinion
Censorship has been the subject of many debates involving politicians, @CAPS2 activists and ordinary citizens. Some groups argue that the government has every right to censor anything deemed offensive in today's society. Some may support the claim that it is not the government's position to decide what is considered offensive and what is not. I just happen to agree. One view, mostly supported by people with children, is books, music, movies, etc. It should be reviewed to protect the younger generation. While it is true that parents should care about what their children are exposed to, how should he or she prepare and excel in the future if the objectionable material involved in an adult's daily life is entirely confined to the individual as a child? Why do we have to go to school for at least twelve years? We need to prepare for the challenges of adulthood. We place ourselves in an environment specially created to fit us into mature responsibilities. Without proper exposure to something, there is absolutely no way to prepare for encountering it in the future. However, not all support censorship because of their children. Some adults don't want themselves to see more of today's objectionable material than they want their children to see. My advice to this is, if you don't want to watch it, don't choose to watch it. No one is forced to touch anything in today's media. If the show bothers you, turn off the TV. Don't read books or magazines. Change stations. Everyone has the ability to control what they hear and see, and trying to remove from society what can simply be ignored is unnecessary. Finally, one of the most consistent debates around censorship is that governments should control what is included in the media today. Think back to the history of @LOCATION1; when was it good for our society to give more power to the government in our daily lives? The reason our ancestors built our great nation was to have their freedom to be isolated in @LOCATION2. @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 was created to make sure governments can't try to control things they don't have the power to control. Free speech refers not only to what comes from an individual's mouth, but also what goes into their eyes and ears. The citizens of this great country are fully capable of deciding for themselves what is and isn't good for them. It is the government's responsibility to protect our country from other countries and the people who try to divide it, not to control what we see and hear. Meetings and debates are held every day to improve the quality of our freedom and occasionally to gain more freedom. I ask why some people are willing to give up a freedom we already have? @ORGANIZATION1 is one of the greatest nations of all time, but we're too lazy to decide what we're exposed to in our daily lives? It's time for our society to stop being propped up by the government and start doing the dirty laundry on its own
Do you find books offensive? Maybe, but @CAPS2 totally depends on who you are, @CAPS1 will piss you off. Some people think that books, music, movies, etc. may be objectionable in some way. I know they can, but @CAPS2 can only affect a lot of people if they understand the problem together. I think there are a few ways why and why books aren't being taken out of our libraries. I heard from @CAPS1 that people do get mad at things, but the question is "@CAPS1 made them so mad?" @CAPS2 is different for some people than others. For example, fans of @ORGANIZATION1 read a book about them and the author made fun of them or made fun of them. It's a way of making someone feel offended and angry with a book. Others may be mad at the movie because @CAPS2 discriminates against other kinds of races. Like in @NUM1, some movies describe @CAPS3 @CAPS4 as stubborn, ignorant humans. It also annoys me a bit that I'm actually @CAPS3 @CAPS6 myself, but in any case, should n't be arguing about a major amendment, freedom of speech. @CAPS2 also depends on how @CAPS2 provokes them, like in World War @NUM2 where @CAPS7 people featured chunky, big nose people taking all the money from @CAPS8. This can be offensive and is often used to persuade people to be on their side. I think if something slightly offends you, most of the time you shouldn't worry @CAPS2, but if you're terribly offended and none of what they say about the subject is true, maybe you should let someone else Read @CAPS2 as much as you hate and love. This can help determine if @CAPS2 is really offensive to people in general, not just you. After that, the main question we're going to ask is "@CAPS1 what should we do next?" If I'm someone and the book I'm reading seriously offends me, I'll contact the library @CAPS2 is from and ask them Read @CAPS2, if they think @CAPS2 is objectionable, they will most likely choose @CAPS2 to take it down. Now just because someone who loves sports teams read a book about them that talks about team crap, don't tell the library, it's just a waste of time. Just pick up another book and read @CAPS2. I can understand how people can get mad at racism and discrimination, but not with sports teams. So I hope one day people will understand the limitations that certain things might actually offend. Or maybe it's just our shared nature that we get offended when something we love is made fun of. This is why I think books should be taken off the shelf only for very good reasons, not stupid ones
I believe people are able to move around as books, music, movies, magazines and whatever else they need to use. There are many people who need it because of their knowledge. First, we should allow the use of items such as books on the shelves. Everyone can take a book from the shelf, which means anyone else's book or library book. They accept it because they need to use it, and they think it might help their work. Another important reason is that we don't have enough memory to use in many situations. There are many serious problems in real life, as well as sudden accidents. We don't have enough memory to handle real situations. That's why we can take a book off the shelf. The most important reason is that people want to know a lot. I think it's people's desire to know everything and be smarter than other people or the game. So, they need a lot of stuff to acquire knowledge and then take it off the shelf. In conclusion, items such as books and magazines are allowed to be removed from the shelves. The knowledge in books and magazines is then spread to many who need it
Do you like what I like? Maybe maybe not. What is offensive or not offensive to you compared to others varies on both ends. why? Everyone has their own opinion. You @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 disagree, we and the rest of us don't care. There are many, including: religious beliefs, independence, and experimentation. Religion is important, don't you agree? Certain materials in this world may offend their own kind. Like gay rights. This @MONTH1 is for everyone else they don't accept it. For those who accept it, you can say they are open. Unlike the rebels, this is their own mentality. I believe it is important that you obey your religious beliefs. Independence is what we are, or what we assume we have or have. It doesn't matter if the music, movies, magazines, etc. offend others or not. why? It's because you know what's right and what's wrong. So what if all the nonsense of @MONTH1 caught your attention? Should you control and get rid of it? No, it won't bother you. You accept it and remain independent. Experiments are self-contained. It's simple, you do or don't. People are likely to be/affected. I've encountered this before myself. As we all know, I'm the lunatic at home. When I was out, my father always warned me to be careful who I was with. As a teenager, I let these words pass me by. I'm always the youngest of the people I hang out with. Have I ever been affected? Yes. Have I ever been hurt? No, I can and will say I tried life. Does it hurt to observe or experiment with something bad? It usually varies. Religion, no disrespect for @MONTH1 or @MONTH1. To have independence, you are in control. Try it, it's your own choice. @MONTH1 is offensive to me, not to you. I have my own mentality, and so do you.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1 I believe this country should remove all books, movies, magazines and music with any offensive covers or any offensive catch, sexual encounters in any stories, music etc. , movies, magazines and music. Kids don't need to see things that just sit around like radios, they play music like singing, hip hop and all the cusin and songs about money, cars, girls and sex. Kids don't need to hear that stuff on the radio, nor do adult books around @ORGANIZATION1 be ready to be read by adults, not kids. Kids need to know all the sexual conflict one day, not where @NUM1 or @NUM2 year olds are watching porn and movies. So I want you to keep that in mind and take those things off the street and not get into the hands of kids.
Banned books. All of us can think of a book we wish our kids or any other kids didn't pull off the shelves. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf — a job I hate — then you have the same right, and so does everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. Kathryn Patterson author I believe and will stand by Kathryn's statement above. Who @CAPS5 said if a book @CAPS5 is offensive? People have the right to have an opinion, but I don't think anyone has the right to take books from the @CAPS1 library. @CAPS1 library, the fact is in the name. It @CAPS5 is a @CAPS1 library where people can go and find a book to pass the time, a book for @CAPS2 homework, or a book for kids. Taking a book off the shelf just because it offends someone doesn't make sense to me. One can pick up a book, be offended and abide by it, @CAPS5 free speech. I don't see anything wrong with this. But when one picked up a book, @CAPS5 took offense and demanded that the book itself @CAPS5 be removed from the shelves of the @CAPS1 library. @CAPS5 when I see problems when they think they have rights. Katherine Paterson said in her article: "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- a job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so do everyone else. Then we don't have a shelf for any of us. @CAPS3 Isn't that a terrible idea? If a person is offended by a book, can they take it off the shelf if they want? I'm afraid of the outcome .I'm sure one can find the offensiveness of any book. Take the book off the shelf @CAPS5 Take the knowledge from the people. As @CAPS4 we have the right to read whatever we want to read on a whim book, and be able to read it without being sued by people who think it's "offensive". The day we had people take the book off the shelf for offending them, @CAPS5 The one where our first revision failed One day. As a nation, we need to stand firmly against banning books from @CAPS1 libraries. For our generation and for generations to come.
A @MONTH1 will review library content at certain places and times, fictional or not, at his or her own opinion. I personally disagree with this concept. It turns out that society is concerned about the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcomes of similar campaigns, and has put in place systems designed to prevent such events from happening. Some examples can explain my point. Society, at least in my hometown @LOCATION1 and abroad in other democracies, dislikes forced censorship for several reasons. First, many countries have @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 and the privilege to maintain before the law. Our Founding Fathers, at the push of the public, wrote a document establishing this trend. The first ten amendments to our fine constitution were bundled as @CAPS1 of @CAPS2, and thus ensue. Some of the included statements ensure freedom of speech, as it publicly pleases us as citizens, as well as freedom of writing, where individual and collective know no boundaries. The removal of these principles ingrained in our national conscience will cause a general uproar. We as a people formed our government to preserve our liberties, and if we need to continue to do so, we can be ready to replace it as @CAPS4's @CAPS3 suggests. Second, publications such as banning publications denounce the impact of the enforcement of public opinion on society. I can mention three books that portray this dystopian view of censorship. "@CAPS5 @NUM1" is one possible reading choice that the national standard requires my teachers to assign to us, and it describes the greatest consistency between book burning and civics. I know that @PERSON2's "@DATE1" describes a dystopia in which all citizens submit their will to the omnipotent "@CAPS6 @CAPS7", although I haven't read this myself, he exploits Omniscient surveillance. '@CAPS8 @CAPS7', a recent novel by @PERSON1, whose title takes a pun on the name of @DATE1's main antagonist, weaves the exciting story of an older teenager trying to defeat a surveillance system from under the radar. However, all betray a sense of fear in their content, and that fear is transferred directly to the local civilization. In terms of censorship as portrayed by its impact, the system itself shows that even the utopia and compliance intentionally created by censorship @MONTH1 can lead to decline and misery for entire regions where government or civilian officials implement the method. In any case, a more efficient solution must exist today. To demonstrate this, let me introduce some of the content advisory systems that exist today. Libraries divide themselves into sections for different age groups, thus creating an inherent barrier between different groups of content that is deemed appropriate only when it matures. The film and television industry relies on the ratings shown at different times in the video to provide the same psychological barrier, dividing the content into segments. Even the video game industry I plan to devote myself to after college has a system for dividing existing media into tiered subcategories, designed in a way similar to movie ratings. Different regions use different systems, but @ORGANIZATION1 of @ORGANIZATION3 or @ORGANIZATION2 compares relatively well to the rest of the world in terms of video game rankings. As mentioned earlier, censorship already exists in a form acceptable to all. No one is forcing anyone to follow these recommendations, but everyone is expected to do so in their own name. Competent parents most explicitly follow guidelines that have emerged over the years. Everyone will feel uneasy just by practicing these methods of moderation. It is everyone's responsibility to prevent worst-case scenarios and to use the systems available for this purpose responsibly
The ideas conveyed by literature, music, and film are an art. They cannot be explained in any other way but themselves, and if we take away the right to produce or sell these masterpieces, the world will lose something of itself. Censorship is a fundamental problem with many things. It takes away the expression of human thought and emotion - greed, love, fear and empathy as conveyed in books and movies. If people think it's offensive, they simply can't accept the truth. Many people can only express themselves in their art - and art can be very real. So real that we thought it was impossible. We don't want to believe that something like "@CAPS1" will happen. "@CAPS1" is a short story about children who come together to rob an old man's home. Because the man is rich, he has a lot of material possessions. Then they burned down the house, which also contained the man's belongings. Needless to say, this story has been banned by many schools and libraries. But what many don't understand is why the kids are burning down the house. Many people think that kids just want to see it burn, destroying something so cherished, or that the love of material things makes us greedy. And that's what got us thinking, where there's a problem with censorship. If we examine something that makes us think hard about who we are and what we do here, we start to lose ourselves. Loss of books is not uncommon in history. The most prominent is the Nazi regime. When they first came to power, they banned certain books that ran counter to Nazi ideals. Censorship escalated as the Nazis burned piles of books. Such mass burning will make it easier to control the public mentality. The movement grew and the @CAPS3 people quickly developed a sense of national pride and purpose. Almost every @CAPS3 who could read read "@CAPS5 @CAPS6" before @DATE1. Censorship turned into an all-out war on classical literature and propaganda of Nazi ideas. This is how @CAPS7 actually voted. Many people don't realize it, but @CAPS8 actually did vote @CAPS7 the leader. Now that the Nazis had destroyed the ideals of the public, they were replaced by the Nazis' own ideals. Banning the media will only lead to a general lack of self-awareness. The human state of mind can only be expressed through art created by humans. If we try to explain it, we quickly get lost in our language. Using verbal and visual examples is the only way we know ourselves. Censorship never ends in good things - it only promotes bad things. If we get our media banned, we lose the right to own our own ideas.
My thinking is that you have your own opinion about a book, just because you don't like it doesn't mean others won't. @MONTH1 there is something in the book you like but you don't like in the movie and while there may be something in the movie that other people @MONTH1 dislikes in the book doesn't mean it should be off the shelf up and down. About magazines if there are things in magazines that you don't want to see or let your kids see then yes they should be off the shelf I mean come on now this is a library there should be something there this is me to say
There are so many different things being shown in the media every day that are very objectionable. I'm sure everyone can honestly say they've seen or heard in the media at least one thing they've been offended by. People also need to remember that this is a free country and everyone has freedom of speech. Neither TV companies nor radio stations should get in trouble because this is free speech. I don't get offended by anything I read, listen to, anything on TV I really don't understand how people can be offended by these things because it doesn't feel like saying anything directly to the person being offended. I've heard of people trying to sue record labels for songs they deem offensive. I think it's ridiculous to try to sue someone just because you've been offended. If you offend the record company, it's not the record company's fault, there's no reason why fans have to suffer for that.
Certain materials such as books, movies, magazines and comics may offend some people. When we look at the comics and see the author of the comics say something offensive, @MONTH1 seems offensive to you, @MONTH1 doesn't offend anyone else. Some image or text @MONTH1 that you see as knowledgeable and dynamic is another thing to others. How many people live in the world today? About @NUM1 billion, the researchers say. If you think about it, every one of those NUM100 million minds will think differently. If a librarian takes away knowledge that you find so vibrant, it's like taking away a person's ability to learn. In today's world, many teenagers and young adults are increasingly involved. What the teenager read in that magazine article could spark a whole new reason to help the world. For all you know, the journal could have brought young adults or scientists one step closer to finding a cure for cancer. How can you take it away? Likewise, the magazine may offend @MONTH1 people with cancer or doctors treating cancer, but will they be offended when their cancer is cured? Or when the doctor can successfully say that all the cancer in your body is gone? If we take away everything that might offend others, we might as well take away all the books, movies, magazines, and comics we've ever created. Again, what offends you @MONTH1 doesn't offend anyone else, because NUM1 billion or so don't think the same. If reading material found to be objectionable is taken away, our ability to learn and grow as human beings may also be taken away.
Culture and history are two very important aspects of the world. Libraries are where these things are kept for all who visit them. That's why I don't think libraries should censor any of their materials. Learning has always been and will be a key aspect of life, and the library makes that available to people for free! How can one person take this freedom from another? Not everything in the world and history is perfect and happens in an ideal way. However, topics like slavery, @CAPS1, and other controversial topics are a must. These horrific events @MONTH1 have offended some people, but they cannot be erased from the past. Learning is natural to humans, but we always try to fight it. It is wrong to hide the truth. Some people are easily offended, while others are not. But the real question is, "Who says what's offensive?". Some people think it's offensive to discuss @CAPS2 in Christianity, while others think the same is true of any kind of homosexuality. However, there are others whose beliefs directly contradict these. Libraries must preserve all types of material because their purpose is to preserve knowledge, not just what people want to know. How can we make better decisions in the future if we don't acknowledge what happened in the past? Removing information from the library because it's objectionable is essentially depriving people of solutions to the problem. All aspects of culture and history should be preserved so that we know where we came from, what mistakes we made, and how we plan to fix new mistakes! History has never been under human control. In conclusion, libraries should not censor any of their materials. What happened in the past cannot be changed or changed to fit our ideal vision. By doing so, we deprive future generations of potentially useful information. We must never forget who we are as a people and where we come from. Our knowledge and ability to learn are our greatest assets and must be cherished.
People of all ages have the right to read any material they want @CAPS1 or another family member @MONTH1 to tell their children not to read on a topic. These kids either listen to their @CAPS1 or they don't. If these kids don't listen, we need to do something. We need to have rules in the library. A child's life does not need ill effects. Adults have the right to keep children away from this information. Library leaders have many different sections in their library. Children and adults have their own sections as well as teens. These groups of people have the right to choose the material they want to read, watch or listen to. I believe if we make these sections age-restricted, we can prevent kids from finding bad information. Now, kids can read this information anytime. Adults can eliminate it. Children in the library should be supervised. Too many books are about drugs, sex or pregnancy. Reading this material @MONTH1 can give children bad information. Children are not old enough to learn sex. @CAPS1 should be the first to tell kids about sex. Young children know about drugs and know that these drugs are harmful. Children learn about drugs in movies, books, and can hear them in music. Many books also deal with pregnancy. Learning about pregnancy makes them think about how women conceive children. These children then start asking other adults and children. Kids can also read or listen to gun violence. The kids read about gangs and thought it was cool. Then they want to play with toy guns and pretend they are a gang. This information is very harmful and should not be used by children. After some kids read it, they got their friends involved. This information can be disseminated throughout the school. Violence is very harmful to children. Librarians have no control over the material people want to read. If that library has objectionable material, their job is to keep it out of the hands of young people. They should be able to have strict restrictions on age-appropriate material. If a child is trying to view a book and it appears to be over their age limit, they should not be allowed to own the book. The section where they @MONTH1 find harmful information should be closed to young children. Children in the library should be supervised. Ban children from reading books about drugs, sex or pregnancy @MONTH1. Violence in books seems to be spreading in schools. Adults can help prevent harmful messages from all children.
I think they should be the room where some of the adult books are. I think they have to be a certain age to get the books in that section. I strongly believe that libraries should provide anyone with a variety of different books. Everyone goes to the library, so I think it should be an open library with all kinds of different books. If a kid or teen wants to buy a grown-up book, someone has to come to them to read it. I think the library is for everyone in the community, not everyone reads and reads good books, some people read naughty books and they should have the right to read such books. When you go to the library, you should be able to go to their library and get any type you want, without any restrictions. The only restriction I think should be made is the age restriction on naughty adult books or novels, if they are really bad then they should be put behind the table and you have to be of age to get it. My conclusion is that if you're going to read a variety of books, they should have no limits on what you can read. You should be the age of romance novels and dangerous books, but for libraries they should have tons of books and magazines without any restrictions
What do we find offensive? In a library, there are hundreds of materials that could offend anyone. For example, movies have horror, sci-fi, comedy, romance, adventure, etc., all of which offend someone. If we were to delete all movies that offended someone, all movies would be deleted. Should we take everything that offends us or let those who like them do it. I believe we should ignore this material. We shouldn't choose what public libraries should and shouldn't put on their shelves. If a person finds an item objectionable, then they should ignore it, not make a fuss. Many people have learned to keep their opinions private, but some have not. People who judge by what they don't like tend to let themselves know
Censorship is the dirtiest and scariest part of society. Our lives have been so taken over by political correctness that our voices are no longer our own. Until recently, we were free to express our ideas, whatever those ideas were, through any form of media. But now, if something is found to be objectionable in any way, it basically gets burned. Censorship limits our freedom, robs us of @CAPS2 as citizens and people, protects us from the truth of the world, limits the knowledge we can gain from it, and ensures that the media will one day be left with nothing. @CAPS1 of @CAPS2, the document our nation lives on, says we as people have the right to free speech. Censorship actively and violently violates this right. Our country was built on freedom of speech, and now it's being taken away. Our own words are forced down our throats and never allowed to come out. Censorship ensures that no opinions are heard, no one's beliefs are questioned, and no one can assume or think for themselves. Isn't that what we call freedom of speech? We should be able to say whatever we want. We know that saying something has consequences, but we should be allowed to say it. Bringing our own ideas into the world can form new ideas. Arguments come, but they allow people to see other ideas they hadn't thought of and see things in new light. When we hear or read the opinions of others, we are able to see our world differently. From there we can form our own perspective, fill our world with creativity and knowledge, and advance our society. But censorship wants to take it all out of our hands to please everyone. But there will always be people who are unhappy. This is an inevitable fact. Censorship tries to protect us from the ugliness of this world. To some extent, this makes sense. We don't want our children to know about the atrocities that happen in everyday life. We don't want them to know what's going on behind closed doors. However, if we do not allow people to open these doors, they will never be able to understand the world or prepare for the experiences to come. Understanding the harsh realities of our society can educate people to stop these realities and prepare for them when they happen. For example, let's look at the issue of rape. Rape is a terrible thing, but it happens. This is the annoying part of reality. Rape can be censored from books, television, and other forms of media. We can walk around and pretend rape doesn't exist. But that doesn't accomplish anything. It doesn't get rid of rape. It still exists. How can it stop if people are not educated about rape? How can we prevent rape? How would anyone know what to expect or what to do? By censoring rape in the media, we ensure that future generations will never learn about rape. Understanding rape is important if rape is to be stopped. Pretending something doesn't exist doesn't get rid of it. Censorship is supposed to protect people, but it doesn't. It hurts people and cuts off their access to knowledge. We as human beings need knowledge. We live on knowledge. The way we acquire this knowledge is through the media. Censorship gradually strips away some knowledge. @MONTH1 It doesn't seem like a lot is missing right now, but over time the gap will get bigger and we'll have more knowledge. Is this fair? Is this correct? Does this help us? How does cutting knowledge help? It sets us back in time and makes us fear. Fear of the unknown is human nature. The more unknown, the more afraid we are. Censorship is taking away critical knowledge that we must know to get along in society. This is wrong and immoral. It's not fair if nothing else. We should be allowed to take from any knowledge that exists. There is no benefit to hiding it. Finally, this burning knowledge is affecting society in terrible ways. It will only get worse over time. Censorship is based on offense. If something might be objectionable, it's dealt with. However, everything that exists in society can be offensive to someone. Therefore, in order to achieve the goals of the review, everything and everyone should be reviewed. This means that all media of any type should be destroyed. Nobody should say anything. The world will be forced to silence. All knowledge will be taken away. Chaos will follow. The freedom of the people will be completely deprived. Freedom to know would evaporate before their eyes. This is our future if we allow censorship to continue. We cannot allow our lives to be taken over by censorship. Yes, people's feelings can be hurt, but we can't get rid of our thoughts and knowledge of the world purely to lessen our feelings. These ideas and knowledge are too important to be taken away by censorship. Censorship is taking away our freedom and @CAPS2, slowly stealing them away from us. It also tries to keep us out of reality, but it hurts us, making sure we never understand our world and never stop what is being censored. Censorship is affecting society and ensuring that our freedoms are taken away. All knowledge will be wasted and no one will be able to express their opinion. If the scrutiny continues, a very dark future awaits us. Only by helping people understand censorship and the wrongs it causes society can we regain freedom of speech; the freedoms we should have been guaranteed, but censorship is desperately trying to take away.
Material deemed objectionable should not be removed. People may need these materials for research, or they just want to know something. If the material is offensive to someone, they can report it, but people working in the library may not take any action on it. People who find it offensive can also ignore it and walk away. If I find something offensive to me, I ignore it. I might look at it and see what it says, but I won't say anything. Some people will have to look at it for research or other uses. So why take it off the shelf? I haven't seen anything that would offend me, but if I did, then I wouldn't say anything. Now what some people will say, but what if you walked into the library looking for a book for your research paper and didn't find it because someone found it offensive? what will you do? Yes, you can get online, but it probably doesn't have what you're looking for. I have many research papers. Once I went to the library and couldn't find a book or magazine to help me with my research. I had to wait over an hour to get on the computer to find the information. When I actually get on the computer, I only have an hour to find everything. I didn't finish it in time and had to submit it late. Computers are great for finding stuff, but when you think of a book that can give you a lot of information, you choose the book over the computer. I know some material can offend people. I know people get mad at them, but it's not the library's fault. They will most likely have to put these materials on the shelf because that's what they need. So if people are really angry, they can report it, or just walk away and ignore it.
As far as @CAPS1 and @DATE2 go, @CAPS2 has had to deal with something bad for them at least once in their life. It @DATE2 is a swear word in pop songs, and even what people do and do on a regular basis. Nonetheless @DATE2, no one is perfect and we all have to learn to deal with people's flaws. Libraries are for everyone; not just you. Just like people's personalities, we have to deal with different things that fit those particular personalities. The quote from @PERSON1 says, "But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf...then you have the exact same right..." @CAPS3 is a strong and true allegation that I believe things should be in libraries There is some scrutiny, but to a certain point. We all know that the most people in libraries—perhaps the most innocent people—are children. Every parent has different values and standards for their children. @DATE2 An offense to one parent @DATE2 is not an offense to another parent. If one mother thinks a book that talks about things she doesn't think is right for her child should be removed, another mother @DATE2 doesn't. The first mother has a different opinion than the others; she can say she wants to take the @CAPS3 book from the library, but the second mother can also say another book. If everyone gave their opinion on books they didn't think were suitable for their children, we would have "no books on the shelf for any of us to use". According to Kathryn Patterson. I believe she is right. Besides, who can say what is right for everyone? No one has the same morals or values as another. One person's declaration of what is right can greatly offend another. I've dealt with situations like @CAPS3 before; everyone has. People tell me what they think is right, and I don't agree with them. It's just a matter of everyday life; people's opinions and morals will collide. Everyone is different, if one person dislikes a certain magazine in the library, another person @DATE2 dislikes a different magazine. If we all have our say on what we want to censor and what we don't, nothing will be left. The library shelves will be completely empty. While everyone has a different opinion on what should stay and what should go, I do think there should be some scrutiny to some extent. Given the diversity of everyone in the @CAPS3 world, I do think there should be some level of scrutiny. If something in the book is objected to by the majority, I think the book or books should be removed. I'm not saying that just because there are several people who don't fit into an artist in @DATE1, it should be taken away immediately. If this is a major issue that seriously offends many people, it shouldn't be in a public library. Libraries are there for information and reading; not for brewing offensive opinions on certain topics. There should be some restrictions on what's in the library because there are things people really shouldn't see or hear. But it shouldn't get to the point where people can take books off the shelf at will. If the library has no censorship restrictions, absolutely anything can be found there. When we think of libraries, we don't think of objectionable things. People see libraries as a positive place, created for people's own personal entertainment. That doesn't mean we'll never find @DATE2 there that offends us in some way, but people shouldn't take books off their shelves just because they don't agree with their morals. @CAPS2 it's different, no one has the right to tell if they're right or wrong to a certain extent. I know from experience that it can be a hard thing to ignore at times, but we seem to do it every day with the people around us; we can't just choose to get rid of them. @CAPS2 wants to be comfortable, but sometimes we just have to deal with things in life, like books that we don't think are appropriate. So I believe that at some point too much censorship of stuff in the library can be a bad thing. If we can all get rid of what we want in the library, there's nothing left. After all, I don't mind walking into a library with shelves full of magazines and books, not one that's completely empty. thank you.
The library can hold all types of books, movies, music, magazines. It gives you multiple things to see and even inspect. An offensive book, movie, or even music shouldn't be taken off the shelves just because there's something bad in it. People @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 disagree with this, but everyone is entitled to their opinion. Through my own experience, observations, and reading, I will help and explain my own views on why I think offensive books, movies, music, and magazines should not be taken down. If a book is objectionable, it shouldn't be taken off the shelves. Favorites work hard on that book so it can be on the shelf. If you find a book objectionable, you should put it in another section that tells you in advance which books are in that section. I don't have any real experience with this, but I know people get fed up with what's in a book before it hits the shelves, so don't put anything offensive next to a children's book. The same goes for music and @CAPS1. Music is music, and it is heard there too. People love all types of music and have their favorite bands, so if they don't like certain bands because they swear or anything that doesn't mean the album should be taken off the shelves. @CAPS1 usually has a rating on the front, so if it's not age-appropriate, don't pick it up. If it has nudity or pornography, it will tell you or put it in a different section. For example, in my old library where I used to live in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, they would put all movies rated @CAPS2 into different sections, if you want to view it, you have to be @NUM1 or greater, or Have a parent with you. It's really all up to the person and they can make the right choice or the wrong choice. If you pick up an objectionable book, it's not the library's fault, because you should have some common sense. Libraries shouldn't take offense because some people lack common sense or just don't know what they're doing. They can go the extra mile to separate bad from good, wrong from right, even appropriate from inappropriate. But it's usually up to the person making the decision. - @PERSON1
I think censorship might be a good thing because there might be an adult-only space out there. In the Dunkirk library there is an adult-only room that children cannot enter without their parents. So whenever you go there, your parents are with you. But I don't think you can check it out. But if I have a kid, I don't want them to see that kind of stuff until they grow up, so I think there should be separate rooms. So whenever they grow up, they can go in and read books, maybe one day check them out and read one of them. But on the other hand, why not put them on the shelf for the kids to read because if there isn't something from somewhere else or someone else, they'll go home and ask their mom what it means and why not let them study a book on their own . Some will agree with this, and some will disagree. So maybe there should be rooms for different books that you can go in anytime, or there should be rules that you can't go in without a parent. I don't know what to do, maybe there should be a vote among people whether they like it or not. But some people get mad about it, so if you pick one one won't like it or anything like that. My idea is to put the book out there and let the kids discover it for themselves. Some people will think I'm a bad parent but do you want your kids to be found somewhere else?
Katherine Paterson once said: “All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don’t take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf That book - it's the job I hate - then you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I disagree with Katherine Paterson because @ CAPS1 to @CAPS2 and @CAPS1 to write. The author clearly has the purpose of writing a novel, composing a song or releasing a film. There will always be something that will be off-putting to some but for others there is a meaning behind it. @CAPS1 of @CAPS5 gives everyone the right to say what they think. @CAPS1 allows them to say whatever they want in a novel, music or movie. Of course some parts of @MONTH1 @MONTH1 in novel, music or Some part of the movie is inappropriate, but that doesn't mean the entire project is inappropriate. Some people may think that some things may be objectionable, while others are not at all. In this world you @MONTH1 think some Things might be offensive, but did you come out and tell that company yourself? Being able to write anything you want everyone to know on paper is for @CAPS1 to write. With this, you can't be told Don't do it. For example, the "@CAPS6" magazine might offend a lot of parents who don't want their kids to read it, but it's not for kids. The purpose of that magazine is to show adults what they can buy for them looks sexy. No offense to anyone, and the company has @CAPS1 to write to post stuff like this. @CAPS1 to write for all writers, composers, directors and anyone who wants to keep a journal or write a note .I bet there must be a novel, music or movie that you like. Then there is probably an inappropriate message in there, but would you like to see it taken down? For example, I read a book about sex in middle school A series of inappropriate content for behavior, but this series is what every girl wants to read. If they take them off the shelf because they are inappropriate, then I know more novels will disappear as well. If there is nothing on the shelf to read, Listen or watch, what would you say? Without items like books, it may be difficult for us to keep learning new things. These are projects that teach us new things every day. No books, no movies, no @CAPS7 shows, no music , can you enjoy life? In today's society, it's going to be a very difficult thing to adjust to. We rely on things like @NUM1 to help us through the day and teach us things we've never been taught. Disagree with Katherine Paterson that citations are a way to use @CAPS1 or @CAPS5, it says I'm putting inappropriate items down stand point of view. Removing items from shelves doesn't solve the problem of too much misuse in today's society. If everything that contained some kind of inappropriate content was taken off the shelves, we would have a hard time finding novels to read, music to listen to, magazines to enjoy, and movies or @CAPS7 shows to watch. Many schools rely on books for reading, and without books, children's vocabulary may drop significantly. Think about it...what would you do in your free time if we didn't have more books, movies, magazines or music
Books, magazines, movies, music and more are great to read, watch or listen to. When I sometimes listen to music or watch a movie or even read a book. I don't know how people came up with these ideas. The real reason is why people listening to music, reading books, watching movies are so offensive. In today's world, your music is filled with all the negativity about people, talking about people, with swear words, which doesn't look good to the person who made the music or the person who listened to it. I feel like those things are not allowed on the shelf and should be taken away. Parents don't want their kids to hear that kind of negative music. When they grow up, they will be like them because everyone is there singing songs and everything else. I don't think the movie should be taken off the shelves. The reason I say it is because the movies are funny, scary, sad, etc. Sometimes you need to attack in the movie, otherwise most of the time it won't be good. One of my favorites is @CAPS1 @CAPS2, it's about past characters @CAPS1 and @CAPS4 reuniting and completing a mission. That movie is distasteful, but you can still have a good time watching it because it has beautiful cars and good characters. Movies should never be taken off the shelves because that would cause an attack on the movie, which wouldn't be fun. People can't go to the movies with their friends there and have fun. If you're taking kids out, make sure you choose the right movie for them. Overall conclusion listening to music isn't a bad thing because you have good music, but all I'm saying is make sure to watch what you're listening to and have trouble trying to do what they say in the music. Movies keep showing, keep making good movies, keep making good movies
People go to libraries to find certain types of materials. Some people are offended by certain material and feel that it should be removed. If some material is found to be offensive, it should not be removed as it may not offend others who may like it. Offensive material can be history that the world needs to know, such as racism. If they didn't know the importance of slavery, they wouldn't know about past lives and why we were treated the way they were. History is an important part of life and everyone should know it. That's why we have history classes that allow us to understand the history we've been through. All material need not be objectionable history. Some material is offensively sexual and violent. Libraries should have labels on each section to let people know what type of material it is. If people know what type of material it is and still choose to view it, they will get what they want. It shouldn't be removed because they don't like it. I learned about wars with violence that my classmates didn't like in history class, but that's what happened and we need to know. Materials are there for a reason. If found to offend someone but not others, it should not be removed. I read all kinds of violence in school and others @MONTH1 didn't like, but this is history. History has changed our lives, and that's exactly what we need. You can't delete it. If you find it objectionable, please do not view this material again.
I think books, music, movies, magazines should be deleted if they are really objectionable. Just because it offends one person doesn't mean it offends another. Any movie you watch is likely to offend one or two people, but not everyone. So I would refuse to take something offensive because, who is really going to be offended and whether they are really offended by this thing or aspect. Also, I believe some people may lie and take it away from themselves if they are offended by it. Maybe, for example, there's a movie with a lot of bad words and I can see them being able to get out of their egos because a lot of people don't like to use those words, which is understandable. If they're just getting rid of their ego for a little thing, I don't think that should be said out loud. I think if that person is mad at what a book or a movie says, don't read it or don't watch it. No one is forcing you to read or read a book you don't want to read. Reading and watching a movie is entirely up to you, not what other people say. I believe it really has to come down to people's beliefs. Maybe they go to church every day, which means they probably won't watch the movie "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". They will choose a movie that better suits their lifestyle and habits. Maybe they had a friend who suggested they should watch a movie, and they did, and they probably resented it, but it was also an option they didn't have to watch. If a book, movie, music is taken out because someone was offended, then there is nothing. You're saying that if they come in and get the book and come back and say 'this book offended me and I want you to take it off yourself, you'll listen to everyone. I'm sorry, but I have a hard time believing you're listening to everyone who comes in. Also, @CAPS3 you know it's offensive to them, would you let them tell you what's wrong with the book? My guess would be no, since you don't want to deal with that many people and only need a book or two or even five. I'm not saying that people don't get irritated by what the books and movies say, but, you'll have a lot more than just one guy coming in and saying it's not just a book or a movie. Then there will be no books. If you have someone come in and they ask them to have a movie and you say '@CAPS4, sorry we had to take that movie off ourselves because it offended someone. I have a feeling that person won't be happy and you need some explanation. Also, if a guy comes in and asks for something and you tell them you have to take it down and they say it's a really good movie, if you listen to someone and don't listen, will you listen to them too? You think it's fair if you listen to another guy who also liked the movie. I am someone who believes that every story has two parts. So, therefore, I think you should listen to both sides, or if that person wants to take it away from themselves, keep what you have, but if someone asks for that particular one, then I'll let them have it , because that's not going to hurt someone offended by a book or movie. So I think they should keep the books, movies, and music all under wraps, unless more than one person complains, it's a different story.
Movies are to popcorn what music is to headphones. right? It's all fun and games before completely destroying someone's innocence. Today's world is shrinking the simplest forms of entertainment. Many children in our modern society are rapidly adapting and accustomed to viewing and reacting to media in everyday shops, stores or libraries. The innocence of today's youth is slowly being destroyed by subliminal messages in music, magazines and movies. The message is the same in every medium: sex, drugs and violence. The music world has changed dramatically over the past few decades. We go from jazz, disco, funk, rock, hard rock to hip hop/rap. All of these types belong to a certain decade. But in our time, rap and hip-hop are booming. This type of music is triggered by the three concepts of sexuality, drugs and violence. Almost every song you hear on the radio or iPod today is likely to be related to one of these three songs. Every time I listen to these songs on the radio, that innocence is shattered. Teens don't need to listen to this, so parents should know more about what their kids are listening to and should think more about the media's impact on them. More recently, more and more people have turned to articles and pieces of writing rather than "old-fashioned" fiction. Fiction written before our time is clean and unclear. But today, literature has taken a new path. More and more @ORGANIZATION1 companies are becoming less conventional and more outspoken on topics related to sex, violence or drugs. For example, in @ORGANIZATION1, you'll see articles on strictly restrictive sexuality. Maybe on the other side of the page, you'll see an ad for @CAPS1 cigarettes. Soon, kids will think that everything they see and see will be all right and act quickly. Libraries offering rentals of these magazines should limit children's reading due to the lack of humility and ethics of these magazines. There has always been a subliminal message throughout the development and evolution of the cinematic world. Movies are eternal entertainment objects. But lately, almost every film at the box office today has featured subtle or outright "hints" about sex, drugs and violence. There are action movies full of fights and blood and punches and kicks. Then there are some silly movies where all the main characters seem to be doing is an emotional struggle that is quickly resolved with a steamy episode of sex. These types of films are available in libraries across the country and are easily accessible to children. The youth of our country don't need to see all these actions and hear these messages. Either way, the shape or form is morally correct. All in all, library review is very weak. The people who organize and let this media fly around for kids to learn have some ethical issues to check. The more media that children read, listen to, or watch subliminal or blunt messages about sex, drugs, and violence, the more they think it’s okay to take action and take those actions. All innocence is destroyed, the child is no longer a child
Why are you censoring anything in the library? Obviously because of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Can be found offensive. If something is considered offensive, why put it in a library if it's going to be open to anyone in the public (including children)? First, review is important, but we don't need it in libraries everywhere. The library is a collection of various literary works that literature lovers can see and read. Censorship prevents this by removing books from shelves because they are considered objectionable. If a book is offensive, first determine what kind of readers it will offend. Then decide if it will offend an adult audience. If it is found to offend an adult audience, it should be removed from library shelves. Otherwise, it should be placed in the adult section of the library. Libraries should have certain sections for certain books and other literary works. As mentioned, if a book is too offensive to any non-adult reader, it should be placed in the adult section. Books suitable for children should be placed in the children's area. You could even have a section like this for teen-friendly books. The library section almost completely eliminates the need for review. Some help keep books and other literature in the library so they can only be read by readers of a certain age @MONTH1. In conclusion, sections in the library can be used in lieu of review. If we were to review books on library shelves, we would end up with hardly anyone's books. Partly helpful to keep books in the library, but keep them where the right audience can view them
As a public school student, the library that I and many other students have access to is somewhat censored. Since our libraries are censored, I don't think public libraries should be censored. Why censorship is a conflict that needs to be discussed; every book found on a bookshelf is part of history, so every author good enough to publish should be able to put their book on the shelf. While school libraries have been censored for their age groups; I don't think public libraries should be censored because you, your guardians, and the library have control over what they deem age-appropriate. It's a problem if you don't like the book; then put it back. Find something more in line with your own interests. Some things @MONTH1 are considered inappropriate, but at the same time everyone has their own restrictions on that. While one @MONTH1 dislikes teen magazines for its impact on youth, another @MONTH1 finds it inspiring. If everyone could rate things to their own taste, there would be nothing on the shelf; as Katherine Paterson expresses in her quote. When you enter a public library; it is divided into sections based on interest, age, author, etc. When you go into the school library, it's done in terms of fiction, non-fiction, and authors. No review of public libraries is required. Adults, students and children all go to the public library. So, as is the case with @MONTH1, why are you reviewing a library for all ages. I think yes, the @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 school library should not contain the same content as the @CAPS3 school library. But public libraries are for the public. Prompt name. All in all, if there were more scrutiny of public libraries, the libraries would be used less than they are now. Some content in public libraries is not found in school libraries, and adults cannot find what they need for their own interests, jobs, or even schoolwork. So the fact of @MONTH1 is that something about @MONTH1 doesn't seem to be suitable for certain age groups, it can help a completely different age group.
Personally I don't think there should be much censorship in the library, except for full smut and pornography. However, there are many different beliefs on this issue. Some parents @MONTH1 feel the need to control every bit of information their children receive, while others are more forgiving. The main conflict with this question is how different each person's limits are. Many parents think that if any politically incorrect information gets into their child, he/she will be corrupt for life, but this is completely false. Almost everyone these days has experienced some trauma, witnessed something illegal, got involved in drama, sex experiments and/or drug experiments. The truth is, it's everywhere, your child has experienced it and is used to it. Reading a book with a few curse words, or an intimate moment won't ruin your child because, most likely, he/she has already done it all in real life. It happens @MONTH1 even in your own home, nothing can stop it. Trying to take control of our life as if it were your own can provoke children to rebel even more when the opportunity presents itself. I say don't worry about library censorship, except for the obvious stuff like pornography, sex fiction, racist books. Maybe if we stopped hiding so much from more mature teens and treating them like toddlers, they wouldn't go looking for all the "bad" stuff. Parents need to give up thinking they can convince their children that there is nothing bad in the world. If they don't know the possible mistakes and their consequences, they won't know what to do if they find themselves in a situation similar to a character in one of the "offensive" books
Aggressive @CAPS1 @CAPS1. Books, music, magazines, movies, advertisements. Is it correct to show all types of @CAPS1 to all ages? I disagree. Many people may be offended by what @CAPS1 includes. I think there should be a designated area, or all the shocking @CAPS1 should be removed so everyone can have peace of mind when they're in the library, or just watching TV in their own home. Even though some @MONTH1 don't offend any kind of @CAPS1, you have to think about the parents. Most parents don't want their kids surrounded by all the ramifications of @CAPS1. Some of @MONTH1's content is not suitable for young children. Whether it's going to the movies or going to the library, kids get to see all the violence and misbehavior in the world today. I believe drugs, alcohol and swearing have a big impact on kids right now. I think we have a duty to protect them until they can make their own judgement. religion. Our religious beliefs play an important role in what we think is right or wrong. I have been taught to always respect others and do my best to get along with them. A lot of @CAPS1 contradicts what I've learned. If you see something on TV featuring your favorite actor or actress, we tend to consider it acceptable behavior. If you've been to a movie theater, you know they have a certain rating. The ratings are there to protect young children from adult films. They enforce this rule to some extent, but I don't think they enforce it enough. At a minimum, libraries and movie rentals could designate an area for adult-rated content to respect those who disagree. A few years ago, when my sister was two or three years old, she and I watched a movie with a few swear words in it. She had never heard them so often and wasn't sure what they meant. Over the next few days, she said the word all over the place, and my parents weren't too happy. She doesn't know what she's doing wrong because she hears it in the movie, and if they can say it, so can she. Kids don't know better sometimes, and they get offended if they happen to say it to a stranger. @CAPS1 may be harmless, but it can also be aggressive. The safest way to keep the new generation respected is to protect them when they're young and let them know what's right and what's wrong. When they appear in the real world, they will not be unbearable and will behave appropriately. No one will agree on the same things, but ultimately, we need to do the right things for the betterment of our communities.
The book is called @CAPS1. This book is about a young @CAPS2-@CAPS3 man who started school at @ORGANIZATION1. During the first few weeks of school, he was teased and teased. So one day, he took boxing classes and his school's wrestling team. But at the end of the book, he ends up fighting all those who bully him. I personally think this book should be kept to myself because it changed a young man's life. For some people of this book, they will have even read this book several times, I know I have. I just hope other people will like or even like this book as much as I do. So I guess what I'm trying to say is that you really don't know what you're going to like until we sit there and read it from cover to cover
When you walk into a library, do you see many topics that people write about? Some are from my own experience, some are made up. I personally disagree that offensive books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed. The writers or producers of these entertainment shows are meant to be read, heard or watched by those who are interested in them! Also, if libraries have difficulty with complaints about offensive material, they should make a separate section. First of all, why make books, music, movies and magazines? Easy one! entertain us; expand our knowledge of things; keep us interested. Life would be boring if none of this stuff was invented, now I'm not saying we need this objectionable material, I'm saying it exists so that we can think bigger about the subject, not the same - o-same-o. The producers made 'offensive' material to get attention and read, instead of having them sit in the far side of the library with no one going, just because it had something else @MONTH1 didn't like. If you don't like these types of things, stay away from them and don't bother reading or listening to them! Why should libraries stop the people who make these things from making money? Do you think this is right? It's bad enough that they second guess if they're good enough to be worth putting aside. There are so many horrible books out there that reading it is a waste of time, so should they be removed? Think about that. Second, I disagree with removing these types of material, as the library can always make a section on its own. @MONTH1 It costs money, but is it better to lose a lot of cost or find extra space? The library is already huge, I'm sure they could find more space, they've divided everything into genres. Although I've seen other people remove the source of these materials from the shelves. @MONTH1 There are some cautious parents who don't want their kids exposed to that kind of stuff. Teenagers especially, they @MONTH1 get language and scene ideas from this stuff. I once read a story about a man who read a book and an old college friend of his wrote a book about killing women and writhing from the inside out and the man thought about doing what to his mother this matter. He hit his mother, cut her body open and left the inside on the lawn outside. The man is now in jail and the book has been removed from the shelves. I still don't think it should have been removed because an immature, ignorant person thought it would be cool to do so. This book is made up and this person is probably paranoid and mentally ill. As a result of his actions, the author has to suffer monetary losses and a lot of wasted time and energy. In conclusion, any type of material should not be removed because it has been found to be objectionable. Some people are just ignorant and don't understand that books, music or movies are for the entertainment of those who like to be exposed. As I said recently, it can either read; hear; or watch. A separate section would be a good idea.
All offending terms are opinion based. If one person finds a particular word offensive, that doesn't mean the next person will feel the same way. Some parents are less strict with their kids there than others, and some don't care at all. Of course, there's always gangsta rap talking about drugs and women being objectified, and kids really don't need to listen. Horror movies rated "@CAPS1" for some reason, they may have nightmares for weeks. A child's mental state is not fully developed at the age of ten. They still can't tell what's real and what's not. They need a trusted adult to tell them how to feel, how to act, how to act, and even how to think. Children are not mature enough to handle most of the material in this world. No book should be taken away or hidden from society, it should be given to you when you digress yourself. Another possibility is for a group of people to come together and vote on age limits for specific materials. All information is helpful, but not all information is required. These days, it's hard to hide all harmful substances from children, even some teens. The world is becoming less and less sensitive every day. Ultimately, everyone will be completely insensitive to all the "bad" movies, books, magazines, @CAPS2 shows and music. It won't even stage anyone anymore.
Libraries have good and bad censorship. I think there may be some things adults can read and some things children can read. Don't you want your kids to read something too mature for them? Libraries are all over @LOCATION1. A lot of people said, '@CAPS1, they shouldn't have put this book there in the first place. @CAPS2 Come to think of it, maybe you should keep your kids under control and see what they read. Or option two, don't let your kids go to the @CAPS3 library. @CAPS3, let me explain, it's @CAPS3. That means the whole community can pick something up. @CAPS3 The library should have a variety so anyone can find what they want to read. Yes, there is something very child-friendly, but that doesn't mean we can't have it in the @CAPS3 library. Just make sure you know what your child reads. If you do that, you should be fine, and so will your kids. This is how I feel about library censorship. Its @CAPS3, so it means having everything. It all includes good and bad. I think some people just have to live with it. So to be honest, I don't think libraries should be the way they are.
Has anyone ever stopped and thought about the negative effects of censoring a book? Many people of different faiths are angry with books that show a negative attitude towards their ideas. When people are offended by a book, the first idea that comes to mind is to try to get the book off the shelf by reviewing it from the library. In my opinion, if a book offends someone, they shouldn't read it. Why don't others get a chance to read a good book just because it offends others? Banning books would go against our nation's position. How different would it make us if we, like other countries, started censoring books in our libraries and the government had the final say on what can and cannot be read? Imagine what life would be like if all the offensive books were taken off our shelves; there would be nothing because anyone can find offensive stuff in any book. I know sometimes what's written on a book can be really disturbing and offensive, but that doesn't give anyone the right to take it off the shelf. Reviewing books is a short-term solution to a long-term problem. I believe that if we always resorted to censoring books, we would be an uncreative society. There are a lot of people @MONTH1 who really wanted to read a book but never got the chance because it was censored by the library. Books that are censored are usually books that help people imagine. Do you want to live in a world where people lack creativity?
Honestly, if I were a librarian, I would put them on the shelf to comply with @MONTH1 state law. If the state has no problem putting them on the shelf, all student groups can check them out. Having a magazine can show what's new in the world and what's not. Just like looking at a book, how you have to test it is called reading count. Then you have to read an article from a page of the magazine, write an article on it, and submit it to the head of that department.
Books, music, magazines, etc. many things can cause problem behaviors in children differently, but I say everything should stay in the library because there are more things that cause behaviors than are listed. Many children's behaviors come from books, movies, and magazines, but most children's behaviors come from different things. Children get most of their behavior from television at home or in movies. So I really say kids can read or watch legal content on TV. But for me, in the library, who controls it should be determined by age. Like legal things that are only legal for adults. I say this only applies to adults because kids start arguing from what they see, especially when they're around their friends. When kids are around their friends, they feel cool doing anything. And it all comes from the violence-based stuff in books that kids often read. So for me, I'd say it shouldn't be a problem for what is being viewed.
I've read some books that I don't approve of. I think yes, I do have the right to take these books off the shelf. But who says I think there should be an impact. Honestly, I don't think books should be taken off shelves or music should be banned etc...I think libraries should have more rules on age limits for books and have a separate place for music and other stuff that of a nature. I don't want my kids to walk out of the library with a book about sex, gangs, or things kids shouldn't know. Rather than ban or take this type of book off the shelves, put a strict age limit on the book and actually support it. Yes, there is an adult section, a children's section and so on. But I see a lot of kids walking out with books, magazines and other adult items. I know what it's like trying to focus on a book, newspaper or magazine that interests you when people are yelling into their headphones. And I still feel the same about music as I do with books. Don't ban it from the library, just ban it from certain areas of the library. It's all out of respect for people who want to be in a quiet area. I'm not the type of person who wants to take things from others because everyone has their own interests and beliefs in life, but I'm a person who believes in making rules that should be followed. If the library can exclude certain fields, I think it's fine with what the library has to offer. And also set and comply with age restrictions on books being checked.
They should be removed out loud because some books are offensive. Even if they are offensive, they can let teens know about their past. These books might be about kkk or @ORGANIZATION1. Some teens like to read books like this so they can learn and see what people throw at them. These books may be school assignments. My opinion is that if your teen is interested in history or past violence, you should let them read what they want. Books like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS6 are great for schoolwork. These @CAPS6 books are great to read because you can learn about your own history and the war at the same time. I think if your child borrows a book from the library, he or she should return it within a week. Libraries should give children a certain amount of time to return books. If the child does not return the book within this time, they should be charged a daily fee, which is late. If the book is damaged, they will charge the person who has examined the book. The book should be left in the state it was in so that others can view it when it comes back. Libraries should keep certain books in the library, such as Bibles and collage books. Libraries should allow @CAPS6 books to everyone. Instead of three or four, this will put the book on the shelf. It also prevents people from losing books. I don't think anyone under 20 @CAPS3 should be viewing movies or music aloud. I think they should have to show ID to prove there are more than 20 @CAPS3. There should be more rules and then just quit at the library, they should let people start keeping books at the library and only allow them to take home @CAPS3 or @CAPS6 books. For example, I check @CAPS3 books every week and return the @CAPS3 I checked on the same day, I go and get a new @CAPS3. I only check the book I really want to read, then I read it and return it. These magazines should never be checked.
I don't think they will be taken down because everyone has a different opinion. One person @MONTH1 finds a book offensive, but the next @MONTH1 is not. Some @MONTH1 think any book with God or Jesus is offensive, but @MONTH1 just because it has no religion. If everyone took away the books they thought were objectionable, there would be no books left. Because people think differently. Or some @MONTH1 don't like @PERSON1's books because of violence and gore, but for some people, those books are favorite books, so it's not fair to those who like books that others don't of. There are a lot of books that not everyone will like, the difference is what you think and what you think is right and wrong
Library review? Is this a problem? Should we fix this "problem" or just for the better? People from different cultures, backgrounds, and lives will be deeply impressed when they read these articles. Are these books objectionable? They may offend some but are just educational for others. People all over the world have spoken out about what they think is right or wrong. How many people think library censorship is really objectionable and should be removed from the library? Who are the real victims when books and magazines are taken off the shelves? Who is the author of that particular article. If every objectionable read should be taken off the shelves, what will be the rest. Some @MONTH1 think romance is offensive, comic or scary. Romance may hurt someone just because they may have just gotten out of a relationship, or comedy may be because they are miserable and no longer know how to laugh or know what happiness is. who knows? Views such as these are terrifying not only for business, but also for the educational and historical parts of life itself. People of different races and cultures @MONTH1 have different opinions on the situation of censorship. Cultures from all over the world are all over the place. Being born into a religion can have a huge impact on their results in books, magazines or movies. Movies about the past or the Holocaust that took place on culture @MONTH1 are difficult for some people in that culture to accept. The normal reaction to a movie like this is to be angry or frustrated. Only for others, it's an opportunity to learn about what these people went through and grieve the loss of people during that time. Support those who are going through those heartbreaking times, be their friend and learn more about them, their culture and way of life. Have you ever seen a protest start in front of you? anywhere in the world? On TV, heard on the radio, or seen in newspapers. Everyone has probably seen this kind of protest or attack on the opinions of others. There have been protests against individual and even racial freedoms in the past. If everyone starts complaining and arguing about what's on the library shelf. What will happen to our world? What will we know about the past? What will we start to predict in the future? Anyone, even me, can observe the behavior happening around us. In my experience, I've seen people attacked for just putting a photo in the newspaper or a small article on TV. Who are we to say that everything in the library needs to be taken off the shelf? These are just people who are hurt and don't want to relive that experience. Overall, my opinion on whether library censorship should be abolished. I believe the answer is no, everyone in the world will be upset, hurt or heartbroken by something at least a million times in their lifetime from now on. Whether it's books, music, movies, magazines or anything else. They just need to understand that without anyone's culture, there is no life history in front of us
As @CAPS1, we have the right to say what we want, as long as it is within the law. If they take away some books because they are too cheesy, or because some people think they are wrong, then they are saying that we should not study the history of our civilization. A great man once said "@CAPS2 that doesn't learn from the past is doomed to repeat it". What @CAPS3 means is that if we take away books that are even covered up, we are taking this history away from our children who will make the same mistakes we have made in our lives. Removing obscene content will keep our children from knowing the fact that it happened or the real past. '@CAPS4 @CAPS5's @CAPS6' was criticized for its heavy use of '@CAPS7-word' in the text. There's no reason to change the book because that's how people used to talk and how things were done. If they change the book, they'll change history, and they'll take away from the children of tomorrow the knowledge that slavery was a harsh, harsh thing. When I think about library censorship, I think about how @ORGANIZATION1 is trying to change the past and how it's trying to educate kids about the history of what really happened. Censorshiop should be on TV, movies and music so little kids can't go wrong with Earl's stuff, but when it comes to literature in the library they shouldn't do it at all because only literate people know about it means what, and what the text is actually saying. Literature of the past, present and future should not be censored.
The way I look at things, I say I think books, movies, music, and magazines should be strictly ordered because some of us want or like to read or see what we want to see, like news this It's a good thing for us, but some people like to see the truth behind reality and want to say it, but they can because they're afraid it will hurt to say it. So I think those things (books, music, movies, magazines) shouldn't be taken off the shelf because those books or movies can give you what's going on in the world and how it affects us in unnoticed ways. My Some experience is that I once listened to a Spanish song called "@CAPS1 The @CAPS2" which talks about the corruption of @LOCATION1 and how people from the bottom suffer because the people at the top care about them if you put them As king they will treat you as a slave and if you give them @CAPS2 to control you they will use it, how honest people work their home but it's not enough because top leaders want them Everything...it's a really good song and it tells the truth about it and no one does anything to get it done. So I don't want those songs or books that show that reality is gone because some people don't like them at all
I believe everyone's opinion deserves a fair publicity. Just because one person's opinion is considered correct, doesn't mean the other person is wrong. Content that offends one person @MONTH1 is beneficial to another. I've read a lot of books that parents @MONTH1 didn't pick for their kids. While reading these books, I found no charm in taking drugs or breaking the law. For some teens, a book like this can show them a side of life they haven't experienced and discover they'll never want to experience it. If a book is too explicit for children, simply place the book in another section. I realize that some books have vivid sexual details and that these books should only be viewed by adults. Parents should worry about the innocence of their children. But I also think they should pay attention to the type of books they're reading and how vulgar they are. Some @CAPS1 contain profanity or sexual innuendo, some contain praise and adoration, some even scream. Any of these types of music may be found offensive by someone. It doesn't mean running away and hiding all of them. No @CAPS1 anymore. In this world, not everyone has the same opinion, so people should have an equal opportunity to read, watch or listen to whatever suits them. I'm not saying there should be porn in the library, but if there are movies or books about avoiding religion or beliefs, they should be as popular as those about ordinary religions and beliefs. Everyone finds something different offensive. If there is a Bible in the library and someone finds it offensive, should it be taken away? It's one of the most popular books in the world, and yet some people are offended by it. Mormons, Muslims, or atheists might find it offensive if the library doesn't have anything about them, as some people find it offensive. Libraries are places of knowledge, not judgment. I don't think certain books should be removed from the library if they offend someone. If you don't like what's in the library, don't rent it. If you don't want your child to do it, don't let them do it. It's that simple. Everyone has the right to freedom of speech. Authors express themselves through books and articles, directors express themselves through films, and musicians express themselves through music.
I believe if it has offensive language then it should not be put on hold. Also, it's important if it has offensive language because you don't know where, where and when your child will learn offensive words. Another thing he would say anything offensive. One of the next most important things is that if you want your child to never have offensive language or anything else bad, you should pay attention to what you say and what you do. One reason is because once he grows up, he will probably follow in your footsteps. Another thing is that if magazines, movies, books, etc. might have things like judging where a person is from, what they look like, how they talk, etc., it might end up in a bad situation. In conclusion, I would say about parents and books, because the book your child chooses can be a bad thing, and parents should be mindful of their own behavior
Every parent wants to protect the innocence of their children. They don't want their children exposed to things that might influence their decisions. In fact, they end up with this sort of thing, whether it's other kids from school, what they see on TV, or what they see on @CAPS1. What decisions they will make is their choice, so I don't think libraries should be censored for the content of the material. One reason libraries shouldn't be censored is because no one is forcing a person to pick up material that may contain objectionable content. It's all about choice. There are plenty of other options on the shelf that don't include such themes. Some people @MONTH1 want to read or watch content that contains this type of content. It would be unfair to them to take these works out of the library. People should have the option to read or watch what they want. Censoring the library would disenfranchise these people on such subjects. Another reason libraries shouldn't be censored is that in the end nothing will be left. As Katherine Paterson said, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use." @CAPS2 is a very true statement. After one review, people may still deem the subject inappropriate, and the library will have to review it again and again until nothing is left. People will eventually be unable to use the library. Losing the library as an option would result in people losing their rights to that resource. A final reason why libraries should not be censored is differences of opinion. @MONTH1 What is offensive to one person may not be offensive to another. What should get rid of and what should not be decided? It's a lot easier to let people decide for themselves what they can read and watch and what they can't. No one is forcing people to pick up a book or magazine that will offend them. If you don't like what's being discussed, please don't read or watch it. It's so simple. There are many more reasons why library content should not be censored, but here are three obvious reasons. Reviewing the library will eliminate one's choice. It raises questions about what is appropriate and what is not. In the end the library will be nothing. Of course every parent wants to protect their children, but eventually they will grow up and have to make their own choices. Censoring the library won't stop kids from learning objectionable stuff. All you can do as a parent is to nurture them well and hope you can teach them right and wrong.
I think censorship of certain objectionable material, books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from immature people unless a parent or guardian agrees. I think censorship can be a positive thing for little kids and young adults because young kids shouldn't be watching or listening to things like bad things. These things can have a negative impact on a child's character and personality. No one should hear other kids swearing in public because it will influence other kids to do the same. I know my parents don't want to hear me say or do bad things around my younger siblings because it affects them more than some kids say or do bad things. Some censorship should not be spoken out loud to those who are mature, for example in high school you have to get a parent's signature to see something that shouldn't be shown to kids because older people are mature and they understand why it's not bad for people Impact. Censorship of certain offensive material, books, music magazines, etc. should be removed from immature people unless there is parental awareness. An immature person should not see or hear anything that negatively affects them.
Everyone loves to take their kids to the library and pick out a variety of books to read, but if your kid picks up that one book, arguably you just don't want them to read it. What about you? Get books from them? Looking for more, let it make it? Well, you can't blame the library for having this book. Or maybe you see a book you don't like on @ORGANIZATION1's bookshelf. Not just books, but music or movies. Even if you find it offensive, others probably won't. This shouldn't be a huge problem at all, because not everyone thinks the same, some of these books, music or movies can be a lot of information for others, and every book, music or movie has a purpose. Although you @MONTH1 don't see it every time, you don't like it. Wow, the world would be so boring if everyone liked the same music, read the same book, or just watched the same movie over and over. Everyone has the right to choose what they like and enjoy watching, reading or listening. Libraries and shops should also have the right to put whatever they want on the shelf. Yes, some things don't work for other people, like older kids, but that's okay. As a parent, you should do your best to keep them away from things you don't want them to see or hear. Another thing is, just because you don't like something or think it's stupid doesn't mean the other person doesn't like it! Not your average teenage girl will want to read about building houses or listening to @NUM1's music, but does that mean shops shouldn't be selling them? Everyone has different tastes, just like in music. Today, most young kids start listening to fast rap music. Their parents swear up and down you can't understand. Although relatively speaking, some of these songs mean a lot to us teenagers. In the end, every song, book or movie has a meaning. Not everyone will see its meaning, but it's there. Everyone has their own opinion. A library or store shouldn't take it away just because one thinks it's out of date.
I believe people shouldn't be able to take books, movies, magazines, etc. off the shelves in the library. If someone attacks a film, book or magazine, they should contact the author of the work and can complain or express their thoughts. Even if someone does find someone working the wrong way, people have their own opinions and ideas about everything in life and are allowed to express their bellifs and disbeilfs. Additionally, one can read the front or back of other people's work, which summarizes what the job is going to talk about or what the job is talking about. People can decide if they want to read it or watch it further. Everyone in this country is allowed to speak their minds, and if someone takes the time to make their voice heard, others may want to hear what other people think. People can disagree, no one has to agree with anything anyone says. It's okay to disagree with what others say, but everyone has the right to stand up and say what they think about the situation. For example, if my coaches tell me they think I'm doing something wrong in gymnastics, or that they think I don't look good when I'm doing it, I'll let them speak up. I asked them to tell me what they thought would look better or give more points. Then after they've finished speaking, I speak my mind and say "@CAPS1 I think it's because of this" and I try to reason with them. On the one hand it is more respectful and on the other hand everyone can have their own opinion on something. If you give them a chance to speak, who knows they might actually be right. But if you really don't like what another work might say, you can't always read what they wrote, or watch what they made. There is no need to be rude. If you strongly disagree, you can always write your own book or publish an article expressing your own ideas so others can disagree or agree with you on a topic. That's why I think they should put all the books, magazines, movies on the shelf. Everyone is allowed to express themselves and explain their behavior towards something. Sincerely, @PERSON1
Who @MONTH1 cares about: The idea of censoring books, music, movies, or anything else in the library or in the public eye is very offensive. There are many things that can be "offensive" to anyone. Taking down a book or anything because someone feels it doesn't fit with some of their morals or beliefs violates the author's freedom of speech. It can also cause serious problems, namely disputes with religious groups or people of different ideas. It also shows that the library, or in the case of the state, is under a certain concept, and other concepts that conflict with it are oppressed. One of the biggest concerns is the denial of freedom of speech. Is @MONTH1 as trivial as "@PERSON1 of @CAPS1"? Now, but if people continue to take books off the shelves because they find something wrong with them, then our liberty will be taken away. '@PERSON1 of @CAPS1? Grow up because a mother actually got a book about "@PERSON1 by @CAPS1?" @CAPS4 is down because her kids are terrified of the Halloween edition. The fact that it can be banned for something so trivial is a scary thought. There aren't many cases of this particular @PERSON1 scene scaring all kids, so there's no need to ban it. When someone finds something even a little bit wrong, they want it banned and thrown away, never allowed to show it again to @MONTH1 or even people interested in it. @MONTH1 One big thing that conflicts with censorship is religious ideas. @CAPS5 is a published work, whether or not it has religious significance. Who says it can't be banned? What if people of different religions find it very offensive? This could lead to more conflict between religious sects, and in turn any religious activity would be banned. Just because of censorship, the thin line between state and religion will become blurred. If @CAPS5 or Catholic works are banned, then works published for witches, Muslims, Buddhists and any other religious sources may also be banned. For the religious or spiritual, there is nothing to find comfort in. Not to mention the fear some publishers or authors have when publishing their work. This will be a topic that is rarely talked about because they will fear getting into legal or social trouble for using their spirituality or religion to express their thoughts and feelings. Such scrutiny will only lead to future problems. This could lead not only to a ban on religious books, but any content that deviates from social norms. If someone is homophobic, they @MONTH1 start banning works by gay authors, or just a book about the @CAPS7 community. That little sense of security that those in that community have in these books will be taken away. Personally, these books have comforted me and dulled my sense of loneliness. It's even possible that @MONTH1 some books, not necessarily just @CAPS7 books, rescued someone from the abyss of depression they were so close to. It's a world that someone likes to enter, hide or talk to. Taking someone's mental safety is worse than taking their physical safety. Most people don't realize what kind of trouble censorship can bring. @MONTH1 Doesn't make any sense, but those who decide whether to review something have to consider the whole picture; are they going to lose customers by leaving the product on the shelf? Or have they lost customers and stopped giving free speech rights? It's a heavy decision, but one that could make or break a publishing group or legal party
Devin @NUM1 @NUM2 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Do you like this library? There is always debate about how books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves if people find them objectionable. This brings me to @CAPS1 @CAPS2; there are always different libraries to choose from. You also don't have to read a book or watch a movie. As a @CAPS3 author, you have freedom of speech and you can write whatever you want. First, is your library of choice. A town has several different libraries. Some have a children's area and all books are suitable for young children. Also, parents of children need to pay close attention to what their children will read or watch. There must be at least twenty or thirty libraries in @LOCATION1 , so you always have different options. Second, you don't have to read a book and you don't have to watch a movie. If you see something you don't like about this book, why complain? Put the book down, others may be interested in this book. You have the freedom to choose books. Finally, there is the freedom of speech of the author of this book. As a @CAPS3 citizen, you have the right to write whatever you want. Therefore, people have no right to blame what the author wrote. Many were inspired by certain books that have been controversial throughout history. Where would we be without these books and authors? Regarding @CAPS1's point about library review, I give you three reasons. You have the choice of the library, you don't have to read the book, the author has the freedom to write what they choose
Hide @CAPS1? By: @PERSON1 For the harsh world we all live in, I don't think it's morally correct for any kind of program to hide the harsh reality of our world from anyone. @CAPS1 will be @CAPS1, one should never hide the real thing from another's mind. If one chooses to close their eyes and enter a fantasy world, that is one's right as a human being. However, one person has no right - never has - to close another's eyes for them. Personally, I myself am not afraid to study the history of human choice and take on the burden of the harsh knowledge I have inherited. I see humanity on this planet whole and one with another. This planet does not belong to one race, nation or culture of people. It belongs to everyone equally. I decided to take responsibility for learning about the past and using its lessons to improve the future. The world belongs to me and it belongs to you; so my decisions affect you as much as they affect me. That being said, everyone's decisions affect everyone, not just themselves. People think we should hide things that "offend" others. Racism, world political issues, war casualties and personal morality - are some of the "offensive" things. Offensive or not, however, these themes are very real and alive in our world; so why should anyone have the right to try to make these themes disappear for another person? At @LOCATION1, everyone has the right to freedom of speech and expression, but if people take these expressed ideas and beliefs off readers' shelves, how are those freedoms achieved? We all have the right to make decisions that affect our world, and if the world is owned by everyone equally, then everyone's decisions are equally burdened by everyone. That being said, we all have the right to know the decisions, actions, and consequences of those decisions and actions that our people make every day. In conclusion, I believe that our world is cruel and beautiful. That being the case, I believe that everyone has the right to live and decide the way they want. No one should make other people's decisions for them. Everyone is responsible for their own lives and how their lives affect others. However, no one has a duty to hide or change the world around us from anyone because the knowledge of people makes the world what it is and the knowledge of the world influences one's decisions
Author ketherine paterson is like letting you know that life won't go on pick up books from the shelf for you and your kids because most of them are gone because someone else got them . I would go to the library to get books from the shelves for me and my kids. Moms can read good books for the kids, like a book with a body grammar section, so they can start learning something immature and they'll start making sentences. @DATE1 Principal at school in Warsaw decided to delete everything from the library because people didn't check books, music, movies, magazines, etc. He decided to delete them because people didn't check nathing, most people put everything Been watching, but my question is why don't people check out something for their kids so they can start reading and learn something from their mom's school. It seems to me that if I was willing to be the headmaster of the school, I wouldn't take the books from the library, I would live everything so they could pick up the books from the shelves and check them out so the kids would start Learn how to read what they want to learn about their mom's special.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I find that the library has strict censorship and I would like to express my strong disapproval of these actions. I found that some things have been taken off your shelf due to the content. Some content is vulgar and explicit, some is very objectionable, but this still does not give you the right to remove it. Books, movies, music and magazines are an important part of people's lives and removing these things can be an important part of a person's development. First, you shouldn't take books off the shelf in any way. These books are written and published for a reason, because they have a meaning, teach people or give them information about things they didn't know. Taking books off the shelves pretty much just keeps people (mostly kids) safe from information that benefits them in any way. Yes, some books talk about sex, and yes, some books have offensive terms, but unless kids are exposed to things like this, they won't know it's wrong. If they don't read books on how to treat slaves, they will never understand slaves. If they've never read a book about married women having an affair, they won't understand what it means to cheat. When people read these things, they understand them, and with some common sense they can understand that these things are wrong. Regardless, books shouldn't be Now the movie has come. Movies like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 use such advanced technology that people have no idea how it was done decades ago. Some movies are supposed to contain very vulgar language and offensive terms, sometimes even nudity, which I can understand as not intended for children to see. That doesn't mean these things should be removed from @CAPS1. Honestly, I don't want my brother or sister to walk past a @CAPS5 container with a picture of a girl in underwear on the front, I don't think anyone else would agree. Other movies should be shown for kids to rent. Movies that teach them history despite being very vivid. Movies will help them learn how not to do things like kill or rape. Movies can both show these things and at the same time teach how horrible these things are. I think films that go beyond that should be placed in the adults-only section, I don't think any pornography should be shown anywhere, but the films need to be available to a large extent. Movies are great teaching tools, and magazines follow the same path. In today's world, we have magazines like @ORGANIZATION1 stuffed with information that can make a child better off from a young age or even someone who's been out of school for a while. I feel like some educational magazines @MONTH1 are graphic and show things kids shouldn't see, but on the other hand, seeing it helps them understand. Now I'm not saying I want to show the @CAPS6 magazine for people to see and understand how much some girls can wear, but @MONTH1's magazine shows very little that people are forced to wear in the country of @Location 1. They should be able to see magazines that show more of people who are starving because they can only eat twice a week. Something like this, while it can be very offensive, maybe for some people should be viewed as it can be taught. It will show children that these people need help and that they can be the ones to help them. Again, pornography shouldn't be available at all times, but other magazines that have educational purposes but may contain some naughty content for teaching should be heard. Magazines should be available, but on the other hand you have to take a more cautious approach to music. Of all the censored things I've talked about today, music is probably the most difficult to figure out. People use music to express their feelings. Whether these feelings are good or bad, they express them through song. Music can bring people together while making them unique. Music should not be taken away from people entering @CAPS1 for its vulgar content or anything like that. Almost every song with curse words has something called a "clean" version. Songs that can't be cleaned up or available this way I can understand why they'd be taken down, but other than that, I think everything should be available. Music is so powerful for people that taking it away is not the right thing to do. In short, there should be no censorship. Yes, because of the extreme nature contained in it, some things have to be removed, but if lessons can be learned from it, I feel it should be kept anyway. People go to @CAPS1 to learn and there are many tools available to teach them. Music, movies, magazines and books can be such a big part of people's lives that it's not right to take them from them
Have you ever read something that makes you angry? Well, to be honest, I can't remember the last time I walked into a library and found something there that might offend someone. But that's just me, and I'm sure there's something out there to really reach a person. No, I don't think material should be removed from the shelf if objectionable. People go to libraries to find information on things they don't know. If you're checking something, you already know there might be something you don't agree with. I think it should be anyone and not the person checking it. Now, I'm not the type to get frustrated or frustrated with what I see on the shelf, but I can imagine some people are. If I find something I don't agree with, I don't read it, or don't think about it at all. I also think you should be prepared before walking into a public place where they have all kinds of reading material. Offensive to you @MONTH1 but hilarious to everyone else. All I want to say is don't get distracted by what you've read.
I believe the book is written for a reason, the words in the book fit what the book is all about, the words in the book are meant to be in the book. But I'm also the kind of person who sees offensive text. But so far, no, I think it's kind of silly not to let people read a book with offensive wording in it, because the author put it there, if you change a word, you're changing the whole book, and its try what is said. But if some book is objectionable, yes, I believe it's better not to let people read it, but to take it off the market and quit the book and try to resell it. But some people will be upset about the changes we've made because they'll think the book says something different when it doesn't, it's just worded differently. But I believe in not stopping people from reading them and keeping them in the market. Why I think it's a good thing to have a book like this on a book with offensive wording, yes it's shabby, but also shabby for those who don't think it's offensive. I am sure the author of any book with offensive wording will not mean to hurt you. Do I know in my heart that they are sorry for hurting you anyway. But the reason I think they should stop is because some people have a really hard time reading offensive text, it might be about something that happened to them when they were kids, or it's just a word, maybe they just don't like it. However, if they come across any words they don't like, they should stop reading. I believe it's very unfair if they take a book away just because there might be a word someone doesn't like. But for others, it does nothing for them. I think a book with offensive wording should have it written on the back of the book it should have a warning if it does any offensive work I think it will help a lot of people start doing that. It's really kind of silly because a book is a book and you should always read the story on the back of the book and if it's offensive and you don't like it, it will tell you not to buy the book. Don't always buy a book by the cover, because the cover may be the flower in front of it, and the book may not be about the flower at all. I really feel like I'm on both sides
The library is the center of learning. They provide all kinds of different information there. So why would you come up with objectionable material? Even before the Internet, the omniscient source, people relied on libraries for research. I don't think things should be taken out of our library. @CAPS1 always has a good review by public libraries and they'll be on the shelf no matter what. As Katherine Paterson once said, "All of us can think of a book that we wish our children or any other children didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take it from the shelf Walk that book, that's the job I hate, then you have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. Then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS1 She said yes, everyone has a certain Opinion, they @MONTH1 are offended by different things. So if anyone has the right to take books off the shelf they deem objectionable, then we don't have any books on our shelves. If we go back to no In the age of the invention of the internet, it doesn't matter if we should take certain books off the shelf. That's all they depend on. For example, research and entertainment. People today are spoiled. We can go straight to a small screen and Type in anything we want to know and we can find out in minutes or even seconds. People don't even have to go out to buy the latest movie that just came out, you can order it on the internet or even rent it from @ORGANIZATION1. If people So worried about @CAPS1 being in the library, why don't they worry about all the blatant crap on the internet. Sometimes people don't see @CAPS1 in front of them. Every time I go to the library to flip through books and look for something, I rarely find anything worth questioning Books. Libraries are generally wholesome companies and they have a great review of @CAPS1 on their shelves. They always have age group specific sections and usually people and kids always stick to their age group. I Also selected every book, which I read from cover to cover. In short, the library has always existed. Their materials provide research and proper entertainment for all ages. Whether we have the Internet or not, we always have Reliable library.
I don't think any @CAPS1, Book, @CAPS2 or any kind of music should be taken off the shelves, if you don't like what they say in these @NUM1 categories, don't listen or read or anything. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean others don't. I mean think if there's @CAPS1 or a song or a song so horrible that you need to take it off the shelf, I say no. Also because someone may not have read or listened to @CAPS1's songs or books, I mean. Add in all the money, time and hard work that goes into making a song, book, or @CAPS1, it takes almost @NUM2 years to release @CAPS1, and when a song comes out, you barely even have a new song, because they take forever Don't tell you like listening to my valentin's new song on @NUM3's bullets or anything, when a new book comes out it's usually like Harry Potter or something like that, but no, any @CAPS1 shouldn't be off the shelf Take it, nor should it be taken from the shelf, nor should it be taken from the shelf nor is it a magazine. @organization1
You and I both know that certain books, games and music shouldn't be in a library or a store on the shelf. Children, a word we should learn. Children are the future, and everything that happens in the future is because of them. Now, done and said; I want to explain and point out why we as @ORGANIZATION1 should overcome together and take books, music, movies off the shelves. Drugs, crime, violence, movies, etc. Rappers spend most of their time talking about women, killing people, etc. That doesn't mean they do, it's reflected in most of our kids. Music @NUM1 hours a day on TV, radio and iPods. It even takes it to a different level than men. Calling women out of there to how they treat them through music. If they don't listen, they will definitely watch. A lot of the problems come from getting kids to watch the wrong movies. Rated @CAPS1 is hoping they get kids watching and buying now. So now it's giving that a bigger chance to live a life of failure. So now we have two discussions about what we allow our kids to pick up off the shelf. #@NUM2 The things we let them pick up and grab are video games. @PERCENT1 Our kids play video games. While we can't stop them from making them, I'm a firm believer that we can prevent kids from buying them at their age level. Most games based on sex, drugs, violence and language. Our kids are very serious about this and believe they can too. resulting in death or imprisonment. Drug use, school dropouts and crime are high because these video games keep kids off the shelves. It strongly influences them to grow up quickly and skip the childhood life. So why can't we do this? I don't understand why we can't do this when we can. It will be of great help to everyone in our future. Crime rates will drop, test scores will be recognized, and our future will be brighter. For us, for our children.
Suppose you walk into a public library and see a book that is racist or offensive to you. You don't think the book should be on the shelf, so you take it down. I believe you have the right to take that book off the shelf. It's not just books either. It can be music, movies, magazines or many others. Authors have the right to freedom of speech, but it can also be reversed. There are many reasons and I will explain this to you. The first reason is that the person may not return to that place. I mean, if someone walks into the library and tries to find a book to read, do you think they'll come back if they're offended? Not long ago, I was in the library and found a book objectionable. It's talking about jokes about black people. I don't think that's right because all people are equal, no matter how they look or what they believe. The next reason is that it can cause material rates to drop. If someone is offended by censored material, they report it and cause the rate to drop. No library wants to house a book, music, movie or magazine that their community has already covered, and no one wants it. Since someone was offended, how would the authors feel about their material being reported? If the author wants to offend anyone, then they shouldn't even bother publishing it. The last reason is to get rid of materials. Nobody wants to see something that offends them. How do you feel like you took the movie home to watch your family and there was something bad in it and you didn't like it. You will be offended and complain. Complaining is bad for business, especially if it's a government building. If we just get rid of the things that offend people, then we won't have any problems. I do think that some material should be removed from the shelf if it offends it. There are three main reasons. One is that the person may never return to that place. Second, it can cause the success rate to drop to a low level. The last thing is to throw the material away so they don't complain. Now what do you believe
I think the censorship of libraries and any other public media sources is wrong, unethical and unfair. Authors, artists, photographers, etc. have the right to freedom of speech. Why shouldn't consumers have the same right to choose what they touch? Censorship of any media should not be allowed in public consumption, not only because it violates fundamental rights in the United States, but also deprives @CAPS1 of responsibility, originality, and expression from life. If parents or guardians do not want their children to be exposed to certain types of certain media, are they responsible for intercepting this content from the child's environment? If parents really hate a certain type, it's up to parents to create an environment where they feel safe for their children. It is understandable that certain types of music, magazines, books and movies contain material that @MONTH1 is too vivid or mature for a reader of a certain age, but in today's world this is unavoidable. From my experience, I know that my parents intercepted my story when I learned about @NUM1 at a very young age. My parents turned off the graphic or violent TV when I walked into the room. They felt this material was inappropriate for @NUM2 year olds, so they pulled it from my environment. When you become a parent, you take responsibility for another person's life. This responsibility includes the child's health, safety and his/her surroundings. Why can't @LOCATION1 leave parenting to the parents? When children become teenagers and teenagers become adults, they gain many privileges. They got the right to drive, then the right to vote, then the right to drink responsibly. There is a level of maturity in making your own decisions; if you are mature enough to decide who you want to run your country, how can you be immature enough to decide something as trivial as music choice? Authors, artists, composers and photographers, all live in @LOCATION1, and all have the right to freedom of speech and expression. This right is taken away by censorship of products released and publicly released. Some @MONTH1 believe that artists and authors still have the right to express themselves, but the material they express is indecent or graphic propaganda. This is a bit understandable, but who is the government that only promotes what they want to promote? Why should the government fully control what @CAPS1 exposes? If this happens, will power-hungry politicians act lightly? Will @LOCATION1 stop being a democracy and be a communist country like @LOCATION2 is? Americans pride themselves on being a "mixing pot" and taker. If @LOCATION1 is the same as @LOCATION2, that means a national limit on expression and originality. Do you really want to live in a country where ingenuity isn't really ingenuity and acceptance is just what the government thinks is acceptable? Would you be proud to live in a place where people don't have the opportunity to express themselves freely to others? I will not. While censorship of media through libraries is small, censorship is censorship. It is discrimination against composers of a certain type of work. This is a choice removed from @CAPS1's life. It robs composers of their freedom of speech. No matter how you look at it, censorship is censorship and censorship is wrong
Many people come to the library to borrow books, music, movies and other entertainment. Mainly children use the library more than any other age. The library is where you can be humble and relaxed. No one wants to examine ideas that offend in any way. Books that don't even affect bad things. Therefore, certain things should not be allowed to be checked out in the library. Certain movies shouldn't be in the library. For example, if a kid goes to the library, they @MONTH1 see a movie with sexual activity and decide to check it out. The kids of @MONTH1 are underage and this movie would be considered inappropriate. Kid @MONTH1 got in trouble with the guardian there. In fact, it's the librarian's fault to let kids go to the movies. That's why movies should be censored. On the covers of many magazines, both female and male bodies are exposed. @MONTH1 Get kids attracted to magazines. They @MONTH1 even decided to check out the magazine. Children are influenced by what they see. Seeing nudity would be considered a bad example. In today's world, all children listen to music. The music you listen to has a huge impact on your life. Music in the library should be censored. Libraries should have music that encourages you to get out there and be a part of life. In my opinion, only influential music can be rented out. Reading is the key to success. The library should have books that can help you increase your vocabulary and educate you. Not books that talk about sex or even make you curious about it. Libraries should only have history, math, and educational books. In conclusion, everything in the library should be reviewed. Many children use the library. Therefore, it should be age appropriate. No child needs to be adversely affected. Certain ideas should be removed from the shelves to reduce clutter.
I think movies and magazines should be taken off the shelf because they probably have something in them that little kids can watch or watch. Movies and magazines sometimes give some kids ideas, books should be removed because it has something people would say, music should be removed because they have rap music. People shouldn't listen to it. Music is sometimes not suitable for all ages, it can give people an idea of what they say or do. Books and magazines can give people an idea of what they say or do, and they can believe anything they say. People should read good books, read good magazines, and listen to some good music. They're both offensive because they talk about bad things and doing bad things, or how they live their lives. Peolpe shouldn't listen to some rap music or read magazines or read books that give other people some ideas. These books sometimes talk about things like that happened a long time ago, and sometimes offend such people. Magazines sometimes tell people what happened in the past, and then people don't want to read any magazines anymore. People don't want to listen to any music or read books anymore. Most people would think that most books, magazines and music are bad for kids and adults alike. I think it's offensive because the music isn't as good as rap or hip hop. People shouldn't listen to rock music, they should just listen to some decent music. These books should be suitable for people of all ages who should read what they enjoy. They should read some good, appropriate magazines they like. Music is objectionable because they talk about inappropriate things they shouldn't listen to, magazines have some inappropriate things, books have some inappropriate things. People won't like it, they probably don't want to check it again, or they won't check anything. I think they should have books that people like and music that people like on their shelves. They should have some magazines that people want to read or read on the shelf
I think this test is stupid and I hate reading and writing. I think y'all should just make sure we can read at the level and write at the level a lot of kids won't even actually try this test until like their @NUM1 or @NUM2 grades and there are a lot of teachers who don't even teach the material By the end of the year so I think some of the things you all test should change, like what you test, how long do you test, there should be more focus on reading and writing levels, but I do agree that the test should still be here because it helps those who pass People who cheated to pass the course and passed the course with effort I think there should be an alternative test because some kids test better on paper and then on a computer, that's how I feel about the test. I know I'm supposed to write some objectionable material but I can't think of how I feel about it and it's something in the middle of me so I thought I'd tell you that you think you very much
In the library, of course, there are books. There are mysteries, romances, comics, biographies and anything you @MONTH1 can think of. There are now magazines, movies, and even CDs in the library. And then there are those books and magazines in the library too. These are books that I myself would never pick up off the shelf, let alone have my future kids pick up. This is because the content of those books is simply not good for young brains. That's why I want these books to be reviewed so my kids never know they're there. There are sex and drug addicts in these books and their language in these books is horrific! These seem to be books that young children start to be interested in. They read it at school and then somehow got it from a friend. They still find them in the library, and the more they read, the more they want to do it, because they are easily influenced. They are influenced by book characters that sometimes don't even exist. I feel like these books should be censored for a number of reasons, but one of the biggest is because young people read these kinds of books, so they go out and do what they read in the books. Think it's okay because most of the time not even real people are doing it. I feel like these books are the reason babies raise babies, ten year olds go out and have sex, get pregnant, and become eleven year old mothers. Where have heard of this, but it happened, when these kids became high school freshmen, even if they got there, they took on the responsibility of the kids they had when they were eleven. Those same kids spend their entire lives wondering how different their circumstances would be! So I figured why don't we stop here before these books ruin a whole generation of kids? Why does another child have to be pregnant at ten for everyone else to realize it's time for a change? A ten-year-old is just a baby! The human brain is not even fully developed until around the age of twenty-five. So these kids don't know if what they're reading is wrong because they haven't been taught it's very wrong and it's because at that age no parent expects them to have to teach them not to have sex. Why are you @MONTH1 asking, because what should ten year olds know about sex? At that age, they still love coloring and playing with dolls, or they love @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, they should even think about sex, let alone know what it is. These materials should be taken off the shelves as it should not happen to children reading or viewing these types of books and magazines in the library. The best solution is to stop another generation from making a mess of life. After all, shouldn't parents have the opportunity to ensure that their children don't stifle their chances of a happy life in the future?
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I've been browsing some different libraries recently to see what other types of information they have. I also dare not tell you that I found a censorship problem with our public library. I can understand why they might censor some of the more mature/illustrated novels because the kids are in and out of the library all day, however, I don't think other people should be able to get the books they want because of the content issue. One reason I think libraries shouldn't be censored is because some people need to find information on certain topics, and there may not be any reliable information on the internet. If high school or college students don't have the information they need to write an essay or do a project for their class, their grades may drop, and they may fall behind on work as they try to catch up with everyone else's Work. I think another reason for our library censorship is that some of the things they censor might be the only copy of the book, or the only one close to where you live. If they review one book you need, it could ruin their entire book. I believe that if a person is over @NUM1, they should be able to take out any book they want and make it uncensored. Some people @MONTH1 are mad at something written in these books, but if they don't like something, they shouldn't check it in the first place. There are many people in the world interested in millions of different topics. Also, some people at @MONTH1 are unable to re-search or explore their topics as much as possible due to censorship issues with public libraries. If people can learn more about their interests, they can move on to bigger and better things, or maybe even just get a little smarter. In conclusion, I think library censorship should be banned because of the problems it can cause and the effect it has on people. Censorship is an issue that needs to be addressed effectively as quickly as possible.
Imagine a library without any material deemed objectionable. In this library you won't find many great works of literature that have influenced and influenced society @DATE1. You probably won't find too many books, magazines or movies that everyone in @CAPS1 sees fit. The content of some great classic novels may be considered offensive by many. Offensive material should be kept in the library @DATE1, as what is offensive to one person may not be offensive to another, and they may be affected by prohibited literature. The music should also be kept in the library, as the artist did not put lyrics into the song to draw the listener's attention to objectionable material. Objectionable material has also had an impact on society over the years. First, many people who enjoy the material may view material that one finds objectionable in another way. Some comedy and action movies are considered offensive or inappropriate by some, but many others @MONTH1 love the movie. If a movie, book or magazine is themed @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, it may be considered offensive to those involved, but it may also inform readers or those who are watching that the event happened. If children want to see or read these materials, they should first obtain permission from their parents. Next, all music should remain in the library. Music is created by an artist who creates it for enjoyment and entertainment. The purpose of the music is not to draw the listener's attention to offensive material. Some songs have lyrics that are not suitable for children to listen to, but parents should not let their children listen to them. Lyrics deal with really mature stuff that only adults can hear and understand. Finally, offensive material has affected society for years. Many of the things the founders of @LOCATION1 did are considered offensive, but that doesn't make them wrong, it makes @CAPS1 a better place to be @DATE1. Objectionable materials are increasingly having an impact on everyday life. If all objectionable material were banned, they wouldn't have a better impact on @CAPS1. In conclusion, offensive material should remain in the library @DATE1. The @MONTH1 materials are controversial, but they are still literature worth reading and studying for the folks at @CAPS1. Offensive material contains many life teaching tools that can help many people's lives. @CAPS1 will become @CAPS1 in @PERSON1's novel @CAPS4 @NUM1, if offensive material is taken out of library @DATE1, all books are burned and society is simply not smart.
I think libraries should ban some books that are offensive or use certain words against people, I think this should apply to high school libraries because it's really important in elementary libraries because they don't know what some things are mean. If a class is about to read an objectionable book and someone of the opposite race in the class reads it, the others may be offended and may start fighting. Some high school students can get offended faster than others, which can cause a lot of problems, so by avoiding books that should be banned or not read aloud in class or during school should be voted on. I'm pretty sure people will think banning books is stupid, but trust me, it'll solve a lot of problems, but it all boils down to what's acceptable and what's not without hurting other people's feelings and demeaning them. I bet there's always a story in class about race that makes people uncomfortable, there's always that guy who's always trying to make fun of something, but if I'm in that situation, I try not to let anyone approach me , interferes with my grades and performance. I'll ignore them as much as possible, and if it does start to get annoying, I'll talk to my counselor about trying to talk to that person alone, or just get me out of the class. I'm pretty sure most schools won't tolerate this kind of behavior, but you'll always have kids that you just have to ignore. You should never consider you unfit for school just because someone makes fun of your race or your appearance. They're just trying to make your day harder, all you have to do is ignore them or report it and hope it's taken care of
Library censorship differs in some areas. I personally love to read and love all kinds of books. And I know there are books I've read that my parents wouldn't approve of. But has that ever stopped me? not completely. I think after a certain age people should read aloud whatever they want. I mean, if I ever thought I wasn't mature enough to read a certain book. Then I won't take the book or read it, it's that simple. As far as music, movies and magazines are concerned, it might be another story. Music is largely like a book, just using different senses. And listen instead of read. In my opinion, movies should be judged more carefully because movies are like acting and telling. It's easy to go wrong if kids, teens, etc. don't just watch movies. I don't think everything should be judged by assumptions. Everyone has different opinions and preferences. So if someone likes/supports what a book, movie or music has to offer, the material should not be removed from the shelf.
When you think of libraries, what's your first thought? Is it quiet, calm or peaceful? Many people will think until they come across a certain book, magazine, movie, etc. They'll start reading, and soon they'll read something completely offensive. Books, magazines, movies, etc. should be censored and removed from the library if found objectionable. While everyone is entitled to their opinion, I believe the library is a peaceful place. Offensive literature in the library looks a bit rubbish. If people want to read a magazine or book that offends a lot of people, they should go outside the library to find it. When I was younger, I attended events at the local library; like seeing who could read the most books in a certain amount of time, or other events like that. I love exploring the library and discovering new things. I remember back then and today there are always tons of magazines sitting on themselves sorted into the right sections. Many of them show half-dressed women and men. Now, I understand that people like to know what's going on in the real world and like to be up-to-date, but I'm sure they can go elsewhere to find a magazine like this. Putting these offensive magazines in the library for children to read is not good and can easily upset the parents of the children. Another reason books, magazines and others should be censored is because they @MONTH1 influence teens to do wrong and/or bad things. For example, many books talk about drugs and smoking. If teens read this, they @MONTH1 start to think there's nothing wrong with doing these things. If these kinds of books were taken out of the library, then I believe that the number of teens who were affected by bad things would be greatly reduced because they wouldn't read them. I personally think that libraries are better if books, magazines, movies, etc. are censored. Not only will it make people happier, it will make the world a better place. Also, if you want to read something bad, you shouldn't be looking for it in the library!
I have a strong opinion on censorship. I think if a book, movie etc. is discrimination against one or more groups, then I think people should have the right to at least have an opinion on whether it should be on a library shelf or not. While books can also be discriminatory, if the book is about something that happened in the past and is our country's past, then I think people should have a say in putting it on the shelf as well. If these materials use offensive language or behavior to harm or discriminate against that race, they should be taken down. If they are part of the history of the world or of our country, then I think they should stay there for posterity to know about it and know that these things happened. Most sources don't try to distinguish any race, and if they did, then I don't think it would have been in the library in the first place. For me, censorship can go both ways. It really depends on state and material. Some might find it offensive, but that doesn't mean it's true. If the book is popular in the library and a lot of people like to come in and read it, then I don't think I'll delete the book. People's perceptions of offensive writing and behavior differ from one another. So, I think it depends on the situation. If I were a parent these days, I'd let my kids read one of these supposedly offensive books if it was part of our country's past. There's a valid reason why I'm concerned about having him read it. I didn't pay attention to having him read it so he could act on what was said in the book. I'll let him read it to learn about the past. I think it's a positive thing for kids to learn about the past. So, in my opinion, the review depends on the situation and the material. These are just my opinions on the topic, and these statements are my opinions as well. So I can't really say if I support censorship.
Do I think certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found objectionable? No, I don't believe this statement for many reasons. Libraries are of no use if someone coldly removes books from the library, it will be harder for school students to learn about certain topics in the world, which defeats the purpose of having freedom. speech, we can easily avoid this problem if needed. I think one of the reasons for taking books off the shelves is that if we all have the right to take away books that we deem objectionable, there won't be any more books without bookshelves. This will limit our ability to expose students to many important topics in the world. Just the other day I heard a lady tell her daughter that on the day they were "talking" she wouldn't let her go to school, (sex education for sixth graders) because she thought she was too young , cannot understand the field of education. Yes, @MONTH1 is true, but it also means her daughter won't know about the many diseases you can catch from underage or unprevented sex. This @MONTH1 caused her daughter to have sex and become pregnant at a very young age, or some kind of disease that could easily have been prevented with some education in library books or school curricula. Another reason I don't believe in the right to take books off the shelf is that when we take those books off the shelf, we're taking someone's hard work and throwing it in the trash. In my opinion, this is very disrespectful to the author and anyone else involved in writing these books. Just because you disagree with what they wrote doesn't mean you can throw it away. This would defeat the purpose of free speech. Taking these books off the shelves is basically telling authors that they won't write out what they want and get published. It also told them that they were not allowed to express their opinions. This problem is easy to avoid if needed. For example, those books, musical compositions, movies, magazines, etc., can be placed in a separate section of the library for adults of a certain age only. Books and other writing works are graded in the same way as films. This would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem. Like I mentioned before, I'm strongly against giving citizens the right to take certain materials such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc., and if you or anyone else find them objectionable, they will be taken off the shelf. It could affect the community in many ways, be very rude and disrespectful to the author of that article, and there are simple solutions to this problem
Yes, I think books, movies, music and magazines should be removed if they are offensive and inappropriate. People should have freedom of speech, but not in an offensive way. This should be appropriate if people want heir things to be shown, like a movie, or heard, like music. Just because someone else is doing it doesn't make it right. Some people have little knowledge and don't do what the movie or song says to do. Most people like these songs because it says to do bad things, they just want to be heard, or they want attention. When I listen to music or watch a movie, I think the same as other kids my age and younger. I did something stupid because I thought it was right. People just want to make their voices heard and be heard. I learned to make my voice heard, and I needed to do it in a proper way. Some artists or actors don't want to convey this stuff to kids, but the only way to make it public is to make it objectionable. I stopped reading and watching this stuff because I learned the hard way and the only way I could be heard was to say and do the right thing. The way I see things is @CAPS1 (@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 do)
Censorship has been around for a while, and a lot of people agree that there should be censorship on a lot of things, like TV, books, magazines, pretty much everything. Some people go too far when it comes to older teens. Without kids, they shouldn't censor anything. Like when you go to a movie rated @CAPS1, you have to watch that movie with an adult. For little kids, I think they should review things because there's so much youth. They just don't need to hear bad language and anything. If the child is young, parents should also be concerned about what the child hears or reads. Some parents don't even care what they see or hear, and if they say it, they'll end up in trouble with the teachers there. It seems that young kids are always learning bad languages or bad habits, which I think is sad because they shouldn't be around. They pick up a lot when they're young, so you love their role model. I'm sure older teenagers like @NUM1 and @NUM2 would be more mature in this regard if they read a book in the library that might have bad words. I'm sure they hear it on the bus or when they're in town. They're going to hear it anyway, so why try to stop it when they finally hear it. Books should help you and give you the real thing. You can't just throw away books or review them. Everyone has a different opinion, this is my opinion. When you get to a certain age you start to mature and realize that saying or doing these are bad things so I believe high school books or magazines or anything else should not be censored
Imagine you walk into your favorite library and go to get your favorite book or movie, but it's not there. The book was pulled from all public libraries because it was found objectionable, librarians said. Doesn't this make you nervous? Especially if you read the book yourself and didn't notice any problems? Of course, some books should not be read by children due to their objectionable content; but why remove them altogether? There are plenty of alternative web solutions that will please everyone. Such as having an adult-only area, having a separate public space for adults to access books, movies, etc.; and having signed a parent or guardian's permission to say their child can inspect certain items. The first solution is for the public to lock down certain objectionable material. If only the librarian has access to the materials, the child cannot simply walk in and borrow what he or she sees fit. The librarian will be the only person who will be allowed to judge whether the person (child or adult) can see this part of the library. Next, there may be a completely separate building to store offensive materials. Only people over @NUM1 can enter, and you must show your ID and library card to enter. This will ensure that no minors can receive or take anything deemed inappropriate. My last solution is to sign the license for any minors. When the child comes to pick up the library card, the parent must be present and fill out an application form stating where the child can and cannot check out. I don't believe books, movies, music, etc; should be taken off the shelf. This is a direct violation of the First Amendment, which is freedom of speech. What if one person could say what others can or can't read, see or hear to stop them from taking every @CAPS1 entitlement we have? What stops them from censoring everything we write and say? Would you like to live in such a world? I absolutely won't! However, I also believe that certain age groups should not be allowed access to certain materials. I believe this can be prevented as long as we take steps to finish these disputes
What others find offensive may be seen by others as something they value. I believe that all kinds of books, music and magazines should be on the shelf in the library. People value many different things, and we need to give other people a chance to explore other things. Different types of books explain different types of things. Some people relate to books in ways that other @MONTH1 don't understand. Taking certain types of books may jeopardize the feelings of others. Listening to music is the worst in my opinion because people get lost in certain types of music. They use music to escape their exploration, and taking it away leaves them helpless. People love movies. It helps people understand what's going on from other people's perspectives. Taking away the movies may leave people without entertainment. People love different movies, and some movies can be off-putting. However, it doesn't depend on anyone else. Magazines help people understand the news. Most news can be very offensive. It is the people around you who are causing the offensive news. Taking away the magazine keeps people away from the latest gossip and news. Taking away what people use to connect, what they use to escape, their entertainment and news is likely to cause people to behave in bad ways. Everyone is different, everyone likes different things, and taking what others think is offensive is unfair to those who think it is not. What if someone thinks something you like is inappropriate? how do you feel?
'@CAPS1 in @CAPS2', '@CAPS3 @CAPS4', '@CAPS5 in @PERSON2'. Do these titles sound familiar? They should because these are just a few of the @CAPS3 literary masterpieces that people have loved since publication. Another feature of these wonderful books is that they are banned from certain libraries across the country and around the world. When a child attends school on ecah day, his or her parents feel that he or she will receive a quality education that is consistent with their core values and ethical standards. But some parents @MONTH1 get outraged when they see books on the shelf in their school library that they think are wrong, and don't want their precious children to be exposed to unethical concepts that go against what they think is right. But really, how does this help anyone? By keeping students away from books or subjects, those who cause censorship limit what students can learn. By scrutinizing things, people not only fail to get ideas that might shock them, but also ideas that might make them think. If a person cannot think independently, they cannot draw their own conclusions about things. How can a person be considered a free individual when he cannot think for himself or make decisions for himself. Notorious dictators like @PERSON1 burn books to prevent his citizens from thinking things he doesn't want them to think. By banning books in school libraries, parents can also keep their children from thinking about things they don't want them to think. When you want to borrow a book from the school library, you are preventing not only your child from reading the book, but everyone who goes to school from reading the book. How is this fair? So instead of taking certain books off of your child's school, I'd say this. Teach your child to be careful when reading. If you don't want them to read "@CAPS1 in @CAPS2", tell them not to read that book. Tell your children to follow the moral code you want them to follow, and if certain books keep them from having their own ideas other than yours, tell them not to read and not to disturb others
Certain books should be removed from the library because of the material and stuff they present to younger children. One reason they should accept these books is because some of them are racist against certain cultures. Another reason is that certain books or movies, etc., contain things that young children should not read or read. The last reason is that some books shouldn't be in the library at all. The first reason these books should be taken out of the library is because they are racist. They should take them out because they can teach young children the wrong things. They can also teach children how to be individual as they read the books from the library. They also give him a false sense of people and different cultures. The second reason they should get rid of the bad stuff in the library is because there are things in their bag that shouldn't be read or read by younger kids. Like they shouldn't have movies about killings and drug dealing or about drinking or anything kids shouldn't watch. It gives kids the wrong idea that it's okay because they've seen it in a movie or read about it in a book. The last reason is that they shouldn't have these things in the library at all, or there should be a place where younger kids can't use them. Or they need an eighteen-year-old parent or someone else so they can't get these bad books or movies. In conclusion, libraries should not have books, music, magazines or movies at all. They give kids the wrong idea that it's cool or doing the right thing because they've seen it in a movie or read about it in a book. That doesn't make it the right thing to do, which is why they should get rid of that stuff.
The reason for putting it on the shelf in the library is so people can read what they want to read. If I owned a library, I would put everything on the shelf because there are so many people and not everyone likes the same things. To be honest, I don't care because it's not just about a few people, it's about how everyone feels. If people start taking something from the bookstore library, it will eventually get out of hand. The reason it's going to get out of hand is that if someone wants to know about it or likes to read about a topic like that, it's not fair to have a specific topic like slavery because @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people might find it offensive to post something to the public like that . Everyone has their own opinion, but why express your opinion if the subject you're expressing isn't going to hurt anyone physically or emotionally. It would be boring and outrageous if everyone's opinions were heard and taken into account in the world as we know it. People like action and adventure, others like the laid-back stuff. Why take something from someone they've had for a long time if it's just going to spark conflict and change the way people go about their daily lives. Maybe it might come out in a good way, but really what are the chances of @NUM1 billion to 1000. What's bad for some people is very interesting for others, so keep everything on the shelf. It wouldn't be a big deal if only certain people would complain about it. Maybe one day, when everyone in the world agrees with @NUM2's reasoning, we can change it, but I really don't think that's going to happen anytime soon. The main reason is that there will always be conflicts between groups of @NUM3 or more. Everyone can't be happy at the same time I say who cares about the weather if something offends someone, that's their opinion until more people see it and can keep it on the shelf for people who really like this stuff.
books? Movie? music? Magazine? We all love to read, watch and listen. @CAPS2 It's hard to stop this. Also, @CAPS2 cannot stop. You can find these items wherever you go. Examples include movie stores, malls, gas stations, yard sales, and even your public library. People of all ages can go anywhere and get a book, a movie, a @CAPS1 or a magazine, @CAPS2 is great. However, there is a problem. a. Yes, that's what I call "censorship". @CAPS2 means a lot to some parents when it comes to their kids. Especially when @CAPS2 comes to the public library where they live. If parents want to take their kids to the library to buy some books or movies etc. That's okay, but if parents have to worry about movies or magazines having "bad things" in @CAPS2 that kids shouldn't see, that's a problem. They want to be able to enjoy a movie or @CAPS1 or a magazine with their kids, but bad things like nudity, violence, racial images or profanity can really offend parents and people, not parents. A lot of these examples are likely to offend anyone or everyone, and censorship is a great idea. If I were a parent, I would never want my kids to see, read or read anything "bad" because we all know it's not right. Children are young and don't need to learn these things at a very young age. I think censorship is a really good idea, I think libraries and other places that have books, movies, music, magazines, etc. The stuff there should be reviewed. But if they don't censor any content, they should at least classify them as "adult" or "young people" or "children." If they categorize ratings, parents and you know where to look without worrying about censorship. Censorship should be everywhere.
Corrupt censorship @CAPS1 @MONTH1 happens when censorship decides to remove or block; showing that some media or readable content belongs to the creator. In some cases, distributors, rather than authors, directors or publishers, have no opinion on whether to show the products they make, but out of their own habit of making things they like; showcasing the material is a matter of store, person or the wishes of others. Libraries have an exponential selection of publicly listed or stocked, but restricting too much graphic material is entirely up to the educational rules the library is equipped with. Any type of content is art and shouldn't even be considered art that alters or enhances because it belongs to an artist. You can never remake, rewrite or recreate the visual material provided by the creator. You cannot speak loudly unless you have permission from the creator. On the other hand, distributors are allowed to review or delete. Their choice to publicly display something someone made is all theirs. Libraries, for example, state that any given media or readable content will be publicly displayed to anyone, as long as the audience conforms to their rules or standards. In some cases, part of the audience encounters unexpected media and unconsciously seeks acceptance of what is shown. While it's not the creator's fault making sure where their content is displayed, it's the viewer's fault whether or not the material will be seen. You can choose to read or view whatever content you like, you are not forced to follow what distributors (let alone creators) have to offer. Enjoying themes or materials is optional. When you have options in front of you for any given topic or subject to read or follow, you choose to read or view them as you wish. It's harder to enjoy, but when the limits of the library are basically the sky, you shouldn't force them to throw books out just because the review isn't up to your level. It's not the library's responsibility, it's your own. Everyone has a different opinion on some content and it is not your obligation to view it. When you delete @CAPS2 material for those who choose to watch and enjoy it, you destroy not the art created by the creators of @CAPS2, but the joy of the audience's taste. Libraries shouldn't rule out some people's expectations because not everyone sees censorship as a solution. Katherine Paterson once said: “All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don’t take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf That book - I hate this kind of work - then you have the same rights, so do everyone else. And then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us.
Now people can get mad at anything. In today's tough times, readers, listeners, and even writers are struggling to get what they want, not what consumers want. It doesn't matter if some of the stories, books or articles are completely false. Don't let other people's opinions ruin them. A lot of people are now offended for being pointless. They feel the need to do something about it. whitch nesessarly is not a bad thing, but neither is it a good thing. It's freedom of speech, or that's what the Constitution says, which means people have the right to read, write, or say whatever they like. False and bogus works are a small problem for readers and writers. Lately, people are reading articles, books and believing every bit they read, write and even hear on the radio. It's hard to believe anything right now because you'll never really know the truth unless you experience it yourself. Opinion is the big thing people have to pay attention to, but it still goes back to free speech. Reading and writing is a wonderful thing and has been around longer than anyone knows. Just don't let other readers' opinions get in the way of a great thing
Controversey and @CAPS1 'All of us can think of a book we wish our kids or any other kids didn't pull off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- I hate that kind of work -- then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. (Katherine Patterson, author.) Patterson makes a very valid point here. Right off the bat, I can think of many books, movies, songs, and magazines that are offensive or inappropriate. There are equal numbers of good and bad publications, and the decision about what is good or bad is very controversial. The creator of every song, movie, song, magazine or any other publication has made their product for a specific client. Playboy Magazine is not for five year olds but for men who are crazy about sex, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 are not for adults but for young kids. Often, the intended purpose of a product does not imply a negative. It breaks my heart to hear that more and more people of all ages are getting into porn. I think the whole idea of it is wrong, degrading, and very disgusting, but others firmly disagree. Some religions consider the @CAPS4 series a blasphemous evil, because others simply disagree. Controversy permeates everything in our culture. We all have our own opinions and choices. Should I have the right to take my child's books? My mom wouldn't let me read @ORGANIZATION1 books when I was a kid. She felt that it was from demons and pure evil. This makes me more eager to read it than ever. When I entered middle school, I still read books: I had the ability to make my own choices. I don't see the devil in the book. I actually have the opposite feeling about this book. These books reflect good and evil, and I see them as @CAPS5 and Satan. My views and opinions are completely different from my mother's. If I had read these books when I was younger, I might have thought differently. I think my mom protected me from what might happen. I think it's great to protect your kids by setting rules and boundaries. Parents just need to know that once their children grow up, they will make their own choices. All in all, some books are in the kids section for one reason and others are in the adults section for other reasons. We must use our judgment and trust that our children will make the right choices to allow access to their brains and consume their minds.
No, I @CAPS1 don't believe that libraries should have any kind of censorship. We have freedom of speech for a reason. Sure some things may not be for certain people or age groups, but everyone ends up here and sees or engages in things they shouldn't like, enjoy, or agree with.
Whether people take offensive books seriously. @MONTH1 finds a lot of the book objectionable. Some others @MONTH1 think differently. I'm pretty sure libraries have review shelves, but if they don't, people shouldn't be so concerned, here are some ways. I think some of the material that young people see in books, music and movies is in the library. They see things around them. They also saw what mentors and parents were doing/looking at. The cited author (Katherine Patterson) cannot blame the library for all this. In the paragraph I wrote earlier, I said that children see what teachers and parents are doing. Now in today's @NUM1 century, parents are really not paying attention to things and what they are missing for what their kids can get. Children love to play with what they see for the first time. If parents don't want their children to see objectionable material and other things on library shelves, they should watch more closely what their children are doing and pay attention to their backs. I really don't care if library shelves are objectionable. I just didn't pay attention anyway. We live in a better world than it was a few years ago. If people are still mad at little things like this, what are they doing here. As young children grow up, they end up seeing things they can't, which still end up on library shelves. We should not be offended by books. After all, they are just words on a piece of paper. I think offensive material and other stuff should stay on library shelves. Also, some people sometimes need to know the truth to understand things more clearly.
I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves. If you find a book, magazine, movie, etc. objectionable, then you should walk away and ignore it. Don't go back and read it because you feel offended that someone might like it. The world around you doesn't change, so you should do the smart thing and ignore it. If something is found to be objectionable in the library's review, your location in the library may not be a good idea. If something does offend you, you should still take appropriate action and handle the situation in the right way. When I was younger, I used to see books with covers titled @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. and thought it was funny, but adults don't. The books are there for people to read, not just to look at. Books, music, movies, magazines will not offend you in any way. If you find something offensive, you should leave the area so you don't have to worry about being offended. Different people like different things, so they will have a lot of different kinds to choose from in the library. They might have something that really offends you, or they might have something that you really like. You have to choose wisely and know that if something offends you, stay away from it. Libraries' censorship has every right to publish any book, music, movie, magazine, etc. as it is within their power. They shouldn't worry that people will be offended by anything they bring up. They shouldn't worry about people being offended because @PERCENT1 is not bad at all for what they are proposing, "it @MONTH1 is even helpful", but for a person, @MONTH1 is harmful or offends them. In @CAPS5, library censorship should be able to publish or shelve whatever they want. They have every right to shelve anything if you are/are not offended. Because in the real world you don't always get what you want and you don't always like what you see
Libraries are safe havens. One can go to a place to escape the world and bury their head in a book. This is a place full of knowledge and information. You can find information about anything in the library from any angle. Information in libraries should not be censored, even if the information is deemed objectionable. Libraries should not be biased. Removing certain information from the library will favor any group that believes in that knowledge. Whether or not something is objectionable, if he chooses, the information should be there for people to know. Having @MONTH1 objectionable information in a library doesn't mean one is obligated to read it. Katherine Paterson makes a great point, "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf...you have the same right, and so does everyone else." And then our shelves There are no books available for any of us on . " If everyone could delete a book that offended them, there would be no books. There are many different opinions on many different topics, and everyone should have the opportunity to be educated about the opinions of others. For example, there are many Different religions. Many religions have very contradictory views and some of their views @MONTH1 offend each other. That doesn't mean we shouldn't give information about different world religions just because someone from another religion @MONTH1 is offended. Per Everyone who goes to a library should have the right to educate themselves about the religion of others. If we censor all books that offend others, we will live in an uneducated world. Libraries are places of education and learning. It is a A place to go to learn about any subject he chooses. If the library censors the information, then it will no longer be an impartial place. It affects a certain group of people, so it is no longer a safe haven for all to escape the world. It is impossible for one person to go Libraries get different perspectives on each topic. Censorship of library books and other materials would be a very negative thing.
Hi, my name is @CAPS1 and I'm writing this today to talk about stuff that shouldn't be in the library. There are many, many things that should not be exposed to kids, like sexism, racism, @CAPS3, porn. So I'm here to tell you all about them today. First, books containing racist comments should not be exposed to our children. why? Because it sets a bad example for them, they probably think they can say and do what the book does. Another thing is the sex in the book. I know you read stories about sex and how to do it and all kinds of things. So all in all, they shouldn't be allowed into public libraries. The second thing a public library shouldn't allow is @CAPS2-@CAPS3 movies. Things like horror movies, porn, and more. So young children should not be exposed to this stuff because it can damage their minds at a young age. It taught them things they shouldn't know until they were a little older. The last reason I feel like there shouldn't be a lot of stuff in the library is the @CAPS4 magazine. Those magazines just show all kinds of nude photos of them. These really don't need to be exposed to our young kids because. Our little girls will think they can take nude pictures of themselves and post them in books and on the internet. So all in all, all of these things should be removed from the library for many different reasons. So @LOCATION1 should think about what I'm talking about. Imagine if your child was exposed to inappropriate things
As a kid, I remember my mom reading me stories to put me to sleep. There's always one book I remember the most titled, "A Light in @CAPS1" by @PERSON1. When I walked into my public library the other day, I was looking at books that were censored for encouragement, the following; abusive parents, offensive language, bad habits and other things. I'm pissed that this book has basically been removed from all children's literature just because the few @CAPS2 think it sends a bad message. Think about it, when you were a kid, you either read a book to you or read a book to yourself, did you really pay attention to these little details? I don't think books and music shouldn't be censored because society does a good job of thinking and figuring out what's acceptable and what's not. I understand the idea of a warning label, but I feel the censorship is going too far. This actually happened to me in the example I used in the paragraph above. So, I don't think things should be reviewed just because a small group of people think it's inappropriate. Even if I read that book today, I don't see any of the reasons listed in the book. So believing that it has been unfairly censored means that a truly good book will never reach the eyes and ears of a child worthy of listening and reading. Many things have been censored over the years, some for practical reasons, and some that might be censored and censored because someone didn't like the way they read the book. The point is, people should be able to choose what they can get from a public library or a school library. Maybe, they should just give an idea that there might be inappropriate material in that book and shouldn't be read to or by a certain age group. When you look back on your childhood and think about all the books you've read that you liked, how many books were deleted for meaningless reasons? That's the main reason I don't think there should be any censorship
Almost every city in @LOCATION1 has a public library. A place where citizens can view books, music, movies, magazines, and more. Inside the library, there are different sections. There's a children's section, an adult section, a novel, and more. Just like any normal store, the library also has some items that are not for children. A common question is the everyday question, "Should we remove these objectionable items from the shelves?" Libraries have been around for years, and uncensored stuff is in front of kids. As a child, you want to explore and learn about everything. Bad things are always in front of you and become obstacles to making the right choices. Like these degrading items found in everyday shops, libraries, or generally anywhere you go. However, libraries are not just for adults, teens or young children. Libraries are designed for everyone's access, and not everyone is the same. Therefore, there are many varieties of these libraries. In my opinion, it should never be the library's fault to include something inappropriate for children. Almost every library is very categorized. If children are separate and exclusive to adult items, I don't see a problem with keeping these items on the shelf. When I visit the library, these items are out of reach for the kids. Society knows what should and shouldn't be brought to children, so they know not to put it out of children's reach. "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves," says author Kathryn Patterson. Katherine made a very effective statement. If one day I have a child, I will think of a lot of material that I hope my children will never encounter. However, as parents, it is their job to protect their children from these things. From a teenage perspective, when I was very young, I didn't know anything about all the scary things around me. Most kids won't have access to these uncensored items, and if they do, they won't understand them. There are things in this world that are far worse for kids than a quick glance at the library for things that aren't age-appropriate. If anything, concerned parents should pay more attention to what their children are exposed to in the store, the people around them, or what they are listening/seeing. The internet is probably the most uncensored place a child can come across. Asking the library what they put on their shelves should be the least of their concerns compared to what actually exists in life. I believe no child should be handed over or placed in the presence of uncensored adult behavior because one hundred percent is unacceptable. If these items are kept where only adults can reach, then I don't think there is a problem with the situation. Children of our generation and beyond will always encounter things they shouldn't have to deal with. However, this is life, and there will always be things in your life that you shouldn't be witnessing or parting with. If the library continues to keep these items out of the reach of children, then the library should not conduct censorship.
Censorship, @CAPS1 or @CAPS2? I can understand why libraries would decide to take certain books off their shelves. Libraries are places of study and work. If you're sitting next to someone reading smut in a public library, you might be embarrassed. While some @MONTH1 think some items are not offensive, others @MONTH1 disagree. Imagine you are a mother with a young child who decides to cruise around the library. Your child finds a magazine. It's "@CAPS3". Not something you want to explain to your child. If the library hadn't kept the magazine, it would never have happened. A library is a public place and should be taken seriously. If people really want to find something inappropriate, they can find it elsewhere. Today's modern world makes it easy to find just about anything without much trouble. So it should be fine to keep certain materials outside of our library. How can one take a library seriously when there are dirty books, or books with rude language, and the subject of scandal. If you're trying to get work or study done and there are distracting items on the shelf, @MONTH1 makes things more difficult. Libraries are serious places and should be treated as such.
There should be bookshelves of a certain age that only certain seniors can read aloud. Like the adult section of the library. There is no reason to remove them from the shelves. I would understand if little kids could read books and movies and be offended or scared by it, but that's why you would make a certain section for older, more mature people. It will depend on what offends people and what offends them. Some things may or may not be good for small children to see them, but just make sure they don't have access to young children or immature people. If it's really offensive, like racism and stuff like that, I'd say the only way to remove them. Library review is a good thing in my opinion. Just because some people may not like what's in the library or what they have in the library. So I had to say "yes" to the cersorship of the library.
There are many books, movies and magazines on the shelf that can offend people in many ways. These books could be war, slavery, or even religious books, and they could irritate people and make them feel compelled to take them from the library without hesitation. It is true that there are many books that can offend and discriminate, but should these books really be taken out? I believe that books have a purpose. Every book and even magazine has informative facts about what is happening or could happen in the world. Even the impractical books are there for a reason and should be allowed a place in the library. The library has thousands of books and movies to choose from. If someone finds a book discriminatory or offensive, they can always skip it and choose the one that suits their wants. I feel like it's people's choice of what they want to read or watch, not the book or the movie's fault. Books and movies are also broken down into the genre each movie and book belongs to. So if you don't particularly want to watch something, you can skip the section where the movie or book is, you find discriminatory and go to those that you feel are ok. There are also many books and movies out there that may seem discriminatory but they can actually teach you about life, what can happen and how to fix them. An example is when I was a kid I read about this girl who got into a car accident and lost everything just because she was drunk while driving. My mom didn't want me to read this book, but it actually helped me a lot because it taught me a valuable lesson to never drink and drive, having read that book and planting the story at such a young age In the back of my mind, I know I'll never be the same in my life as that girl did to herself. This shows that even if a book seems discriminatory and wrong, it can still teach people the lessons and dangers of life that they probably won't know unless they've read that book or seen that movie. I feel like even if we remove objectionable magazines, books and movies that don't have any potential, people will still find a way to get what they're looking for, even if it's from a library or not. There are a lot of people in this world who are wrong and banning certain books from the library probably won't stop them from doing what they want. Music is another thing that shouldn't be so bothersome. Some people listen to certain types of music to calm their nerves. An example is @CAPS1 rapper @ORGANIZATION1. His songs contain severe sadness and frequent curses, but in his songs include messages relevant to other people, and listening to that song might prevent them from doing illegal things or even suicide. These songs can symbolize their lives and let them know that they are not the only ones living this way and that they are not always alone in what they do. I feel like every book, movie, and magazine has at least one objectionable thing about it. If we start removing every book that someone finds offensive, there might not be a single book left on the library shelf. There may be something offensive about the books we read, the magazines we read, the movies we watch, but I don't think they should be censored or deleted because there is always a chance that these books, movies or magazines will help you later in life
Freedom of speech and freedom of the press are privileges we @CAPS1 are fortunate to have. I don't believe in library censorship. Authors, publishers, editors and directors all have the right to express opinions in a work. If they want to express some adult themes in their work, that's their choice. As people, they have the right to promote their books, magazines and movies as they please. We can all choose which books and movies to check out at the library. Movies must have ratings so that viewers know the level of maturity that must be reached to watch the movie. For example, if you're a @NUM1 year old and want to check out a movie, but it's rated @CAPS2, it's not the best choice for a movie. @MONTH1 is not the best choice, as a movie rated @CAPS2 lets viewers know it's aimed at a mature audience over the age of @NUM2. As for books, I often use book review sites that allow me to see what the book is about. If I see this book contains material I don't want to read, or think it's too mature, I won't read it. I have the right to choose the books I read and it is my responsibility to choose the books that are best for my age and maturity. We can track what we can checkout in a number of ways. Just because a movie or book is released doesn't mean we have to watch or read it. We all make choices in our daily lives. Some are big, some are small. Picking a book or movie from the library to checkout is a small choice, but we can choose what we can handle. Writers, directors and editors should not be penalized if some people disagree with what they put in the material. Everyone has a different opinion on what is right and what is wrong. So if you think something is inappropriate, you can choose not to read it or not watch it. I believe we are fortunate to have this freedom of opinion and expression. While we shouldn't abuse it, we can't forget that we don't have the right to tell others how to use this freedom. Since we can choose to read what we want to read, authors can choose what they want to write. Libraries should not deprive us of this freedom to make our own decisions about what to view or read
Do you find books, music, movies, magazines, etc. offensive at times? In my experience listening to music and watching movies, it can be off-putting at times without even knowing it. I've heard rap and all the swear words they use before, and watching movies only with white or black people. So I think some music, movies, etc. might take off. If I think something is offensive, I almost blow it away like it's nothing. I do this because I've watched @CAPS1 @CAPS2 not so long that whites and blacks have to play football to get together. Then they finally got along and won the championship game. For me, I think that's great because people were offended, got over it, and now have friends. So don't offend @CAPS3. I say this because how do you know that an actor or writer was or is talking about you. I see it like its little deal. I love @CAPS3, I find it interesting. It can also help you understand what's going on in our world and what we've accomplished. So I really don't take this @CAPS3 as an offense. However, others may be offended, and that's the problem. Nothing can be done. If something is offensive, don't listen to it or watch or read it. So don't think it's right to pull it off the shelf and hate it. There may be very good meanings behind them. There are many good movies, songs and books in the world. So don't hate it, go ahead and don't let @CAPS3 find you. That's why I don't think it's right to take it off the shelf and be aggressive. That's why I think it's not bad to take @CAPS3 offense.
Dear newspaper, I want to start by saying yes, books, magazines, music, movies, etc. are great for kids in the library. I think it's the best thing they do when they have nothing to do, go to the library to read or work in the library, I think some things should be in the library because we're in high school and we need to learn something here but we Some of the things learned are not very suitable. In high school, walk down the hallways and you'll learn a lot that you probably don't need to know yet, but when you walk into the library, they don't need to encourage it by putting drugs, alcohol, and sex books on the shelves. Books about drugs are okay to some extent. It's okay if you read about the drugs you can take and be at the doctor's office and get a prescription, but when you get books about marijuana, weed, crank or meth, that's too much. We need to understand these drugs and how they can affect us if we use or abuse them, but we don't need to know how to make blunt weapons or make meth. The same goes for books on alcohol. We need to know the dangers of drinking, but we don't need to know what to do when teens party and get drunk. Advertisements, magazines, etc. are the worst things for us kids because each of them is drug or alcohol or sex related and trying to get us to do those things in high school. Magazine covers always have people on drugs who are dating or sleeping with whom we will and need to know those things but I don't think we need to read it from the books because then we will read it Seeing how others are doing it, we feel compelled to do it or try it. I believe these books on alcohol, drugs and sex need to be taken out of the library so kids can learn and ask the parents there. I've been in the library and I know one of these three books is the first book I go to because they're fun and we love to read stories from parties or people who are pregnant or @ORGANIZATION1, but when I After reading this I thought about it and I think I want to go to a party where they make them sound like fun. That's what I think about some of these books about the self, and that's what I think should happen. Sincerely, @LOCATION1
Library Do you go to the library? Many people go to the library for many different reasons. Sometimes when you go there, you have to have a reason to be there. You must also be very quiet. Libraries are interesting in many ways. Some @MONTH1 ask what libraries are and they are a good place to go. People can go there and do a lot of different things. Most of the time, when people go to the library, they go to pick up books. Not only can you get books from there, you can go there for school tutoring, a place to read, just a quiet place. Seeing that the library has a lot to do. Why do people go to the library? Well, I personally don't go to the library, but a lot of people do. People who like to read go there to get the books they want. I will travel there for school, I really need it. It can help you and get your homework done. My mom goes there sometimes, like getting information from a book or computer. They have a lot of information you can look for. Then there are the online geeks who like to go online and play video games. I go online but not online. There is another reason why people go to the library. My little sister likes to go to the library. She is only eight years old. Why am I telling you this? Well, when you go into the library, you can't get a book if you're underage. In this case, you must have parental permission to get one, but not only that, you must also have a library card to get a book. I don't, stupid rules right? So again, you have to get parental permission! Well, having said permission, when you go to pick up a book, you have to make sure it's your own grade level. I have to watch it with my sister all the time because if you don't they'll yell at you. I personally think it's good for most kids. So now you know that libraries are very strict. Now that I told you all about the library, I hope you learned something from it. Remember, they're a great place to get information, get a book, or just go somewhere quiet. You can always find a library, no @CAPS1! Well, if you don't like reading or being quiet, then you shouldn't go. I'll keep it to yourself.
At @LOCATION1, people like to do a lot of different things for fun. Some people like to go to the movies. Others prefer a walk in the park. Now there is a day when everyone insists that we shouldn't see or read bad, nasty, objectionable things. I believe we should be able to see what we want. The first reason we should be able to read anything we want is because we have the right to read it. There are many things we can't do, but reading shouldn't be one of them. We shouldn't ask someone if a book is okay to read. It's not fair to those who want to read it. I feel very stupid. The second reason we should be able to read what we want is because if you don't like it, don't read it. This is a very simple and straightforward concept. Today everyone worries about what everyone else is doing. If you don't like something, don't pick it up and read it. If I knew there was a book I didn't like because it offended me, I wouldn't read it. It's that simple. The third and final reason we should be able to read what we want is because what other people do or read has nothing to do with your business. Today everyone is so worried about the next person, it's not even funny. We would be better off if we were all just worried about ourselves. If I read a book that I find offensive or bad, I don't go around telling people it's a bad book and should be taken off the shelf. This is wrong and unfair. We should be able to read anything we want. This is our right to read it. Also, if you don't like it, don't read it. People today are too worried about others. If other people want to read a book you find offensive or bad, there's nothing you can do about it. This is how life works.
If you're mad at something, you shouldn't read literature that makes you feel that way. Ask some of your friends or research the book/magazine before reading. Sometimes it can be tricky up front, so make sure to read the instructions first. Many people who read something @MONTH1 mistakenly think that what they say is not what they really mean. That's why they get angry, but the more you know about literature, the less you'll be offended. You should at least try to accept some of what the book/magazine says, in case you need it in the future. @MONTH1 gets upset when you read something for the first time, and @MONTH1 doesn't notice that it can help you when you think about it. Thinking about things is a great way to learn how to deal with being offended, just from two perspectives. They can all have good ideas and functions. If you are still offended by them, try to avoid them and don't read a lot of books/magazines with offensive content. Ignore additions on your TV or computer that are more than you need to know about, or if they make you uncomfortable watching them. It may make you feel worse or angry if you read them. Sometimes they can even make you a little nervous. If you are really offended by something, the best thing you can do is avoid it. Avoiding certain things can help you not read or think about them. This applies not only to this situation, but to many, so if you need to get rid of stress, ignore them.
Books are always amazing because they take us to whole new worlds and how they inspire new ideas @MONTH1 never thought of before. However, are some books too difficult to handle and should not be read? Well, thinking about you @MONTH1, but I believe all reading and media material should be on library shelves because people should have the right to know what's in the real world, even some bad parts. Different kinds of media should never leave the library or be banned from the library because people need to be educated about all that exists, they even need to know the bad things in this world so that they can hopefully be educated enough that they can stay away from evil behavior and help fight them, first of all, they have the right to choose what they want to read because everyone has to have a choice to be who they want to be. Although we can only hope that by giving people such knowledge, they will be able to stand up and do the right thing. Even education @DATE1 suffers from people saying that certain areas of knowledge cannot be taught to students, but does this really help people in the long run? If people are educated enough to know everything we know and what they themselves choose to learn as individuals, it won't help them become curious and learn lies from ineffective sources rather than the vast amount of resources they could have opened up Are they in the library? Everyone should have the right to learn what they want to learn and shouldn't be closed to any resource otherwise they @MONTH1 will never know the real truth behind a subject and it will be against the whole point of learning. These knowledge seekers should always be able to seek as much as they want so that they @MONTH1 learn and hopefully make new advancements for everyone's benefit, but they can only hope to do so with proper education. Another point to note is that people need this diverse education so they can work for causes that are important to them. Armed with knowledge, people can make new innovations, create and disseminate new ideas, and help make the world a better place. Although this only happens when they know both sides of the story, so if they are against something, they can know what they are talking about, what they are against and what reason they are pushing. The only way people can really get their ideas heard is if they can understand their subject. If there are no points of information that can be extracted, the people at @MONTH1 have no backbone for what they say, and then they can even hinder the learning process of others. Another reason for not censoring is that we all have the right in @LOCATION1 to one day be our quest for happiness on a global scale, as long as we don't get in the way of anyone's dreams in our quest. People really just need to be who they really are in order to help the world and make a difference because people will never progress if we are not allowed to be our own individuals. Without this advancement, people's culture and beliefs would remain the same, but people chose to seek knowledge and in doing so gave us the technology that people have @DATE1. Harry @CAPS1 even argues in his best-selling book series that we must understand our enemies in order to fight them. Would he be so popular if others didn't believe it? Changing that would go against the rights that people have found for themselves, which means that if we give up those rights, people will go backwards. People should always be allowed access to all types of media, especially in libraries. These types of media help shape everyone's image and help them contribute to the world in their lives. While there will always be bad media, we have to understand the bad news in this world and hopefully people will make choices to fight it. We certainly wouldn't be who we @DATE1 were without all the influence over us, and by depriving even part of our knowledge, we would only end up incapacitating ourselves. These choices all help us hopefully move forward and continue to the depths of understanding so that knowledge will last forever
I believe that if some people don't like a book or a movie, they should be able to tell the library about the subject and it should be removed from the library. Libraries should allow those who use the library to take away items that offend customers. Some parents who bring their kids into the library let the kids go out and read by themselves, which is what my @CAPS1 made me do as a kid. If a child enters an adult reading area alone without adult supervision, they may see something bad. They can also buy a magazine that looks perfect on the outside but has objectionable images on the inside. When I was ten, my family and I went on vacation to @LOCATION1. We were watching an ad break baseball game one night. We're scrolling through the channels waiting for the game to start. We're all watching TV with offensive images that kids shouldn't see. This happened when my parents and I wanted me to see it. This image is an adult image and is intended for adults only, but can also be seen by children's eyes. Libraries should take this into account when placing books and magazines on their shelves. They may be making a little money, but they are impacting the child's life in a negative way. Things like this can happen in libraries too, because younger kids don't always know what a children's book is and what an adult magazine is. Children may also ask their parents for music that looks good on the outside but has curses and bad stuff inside. This is why all objectionable items in the library should be removed from the library. If people who go to the library don't like what's on the shelf, they should be able to ask the library to remove the item from the shelf. Libraries may not do this every time, but removing items from the shelves makes the library a lot more enjoyable and safer for kids. If libraries don't take these items off their shelves, it could negatively impact their business. Libraries should only take away items requested by regular library patrons. Libraries should not listen to people who have only been to the library a few times. Libraries should listen to customers who regularly visit the library. I think all images that are offensive to people visiting the library should be taken off the shelf and deleted from the library. Libraries should listen to their customers, not only because it can impact their business, but also because it can impact children's lives in positive or negative ways.
Objectionable stuff found in the library. There are all kinds of vicious bad books in many libraries right now talking about viciousness. Should libraries take these books, movies or music off their shelves? Libraries shouldn't take these things out of the library. If they have bad related books, they should make a different section for them at the library. For movies rated @CAPS1, they can put them in the library. You must be at least @NUM1 years old. For music with @CAPS2 stickers, you must be over @NUM2 to rent it. If your parents don't like it, don't buy it. They should make different sections in the library for the offensive books they have. Children under a certain age should not read books. If they still want the book, they must get permission from their parents to rent it. Movies rated @CAPS1 should allow them into the library. You only need to be over @NUM1 to enter this area and travel with an adult. If you want to rent movies, you need permission from your parents. You must also watch this movie with an adult. If the music has a @CAPS2 sticker, you must be over @NUM2 to rent it. You can still rent it if your parents say yes. They should be making @CAPS5 behind the counter. This way the child cannot see the front of the box. If parents don't like the rules of the library, then don't borrow anything from the library. So don't take off offensive books, movies or @CAPS5. What would you do if you were a librarian. Take out the offensive stuff, or just put them in a different section
Reading is very popular. Here's what to do when you're sitting at home and in the classroom. The school library is full of various books and magazines. Some of these books may offend some people. These books should not be taken from library shelves. Some books some people find so offensive that they can't even read the rest of the book. Whether sexual or political, if readers find it offensive, they won't read the rest of the book. There are books out there with detailed descriptions of scenes that many parents don't want their children to read. This is not a reason to remove books from library shelves. @MONTH1 It's offensive to some people, but if you take it off the shelf, others can't read who can handle this kind of story. Parents' children should not read these books at all. Libraries cannot take these books away from readers who like them. There are also some books on politics. Most people take a firm stance on politics and won't budge when discussing what they think is right or right. Real problems can arise when readers see a book that goes against the way they see politics. Since politics is a serious business, many people may overreact when someone tells them what they believe and think is true and not true. Especially the politicians themselves. Still, many authors write about political issues, and some books can educate readers on perspectives they haven't seen before. If readers disagree with what the author has written, or they find it objectionable, they should not read the book. There are many other readers who want to read that book and learn more about politics. If readers know this way of reading will offend them, then they should know it's best not to pick up the book in the first place. Many libraries offer music, movies and magazines for you to borrow and take home. Indeed, the lyrics in many of these movies or songs might offend some people. For this reason, they shouldn't check them. Many people like music or movies with offensive language. This is something to add to a song or movie. People know their limits, and if they know the content, then they should stay away. As long as there are other readers and people who enjoy these kinds of books and music, they should keep them on their shelves. Taking them away will only take away the number of people visiting the library. You can go to your local library and find someone to browse the music section, and the music section is the only reason they came to the library in the first place. The music and movie sections should stay in the library. The person checking them should be mature and responsible enough to know if they find the content objectionable. Libraries should not take certain books, movies and magazines that some people find objectionable. Certain books and music do contain content that is offensive to certain readers and viewers. But if it's offensive to the first person, that doesn't mean it's offensive to the next person. Libraries need to keep these sections for all different types of readers. Reading is a very popular activity. Readers expect a variety of books, music and movies to choose from.
In every school or library, many people will see books that are not to their taste. Everyone has their own opinion, and what you might find offensive, @MONTH1 is something someone might want to know. So should we remove books that only most people find objectionable, or should we keep them? This is what I think we should do. Books are for learning and entertainment, don't try to offend anyone. They each have their own purpose, and they were written for a reason. There are books out there that a lot of people don't like, but that doesn't mean other people don't. We should put these books in schools and libraries because @MONTH1 they might help someone in some way, how would that person get help if they weren't there, if nothing else was available? One thing we can do is sort books by genre so people know what they're looking for. Many people found these books "offensive" because they came across them at random. If every book fell into a certain category, this kind of event wouldn't happen. It also helps keep everything organized. So when you're in the library, you know what you're looking for, and you can jump right into that section without looking at anything else that @MONTH1 offended you. Putting books on the shelf is something all libraries and schools intend to do. This is the main reason for the library. They can help you learn and get information about things you might not be able to get anywhere else. If every library cancels books, what's the point of everyone complaining about having a library? will be nothing. In conclusion, everyone has the right to have an opinion and to think a book is offensive, but the truth is it has a reason. If the library or the people who published it thought it was going to be a big deal, they probably wouldn't put it out there for the world to see. So put the book on the shelf
Going to the library is always a difficult task when one is faced with so many different types of books. Nor is it the only option they face. Also music and magazines. Right in the book, there are many different themes and categories between children's books, biographies, autobiographies, etc. In addition to that, there are many different types of music to suit everyone's different styles. Some may say that certain books and/or music may be objectionable or inappropriate. But of all the material in the library, I think it should be fine to stay away from things you might find offensive. So I don't think certain books or music should stay off the shelf because of some self-opinion. There are a variety of different books in the library, and just because people may find a book objectionable doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelves. The reason is that others can find this book a great resource, and @MONTH1 needs it for what they're doing. People should know what they're looking for in a library, and if they think a book by @MONTH1 is objectionable, they can stop themselves from looking at that book. This problem is similar to other problems around the world. For example, when you go to the mall, there are stores you know you love and go to, you stay away from stores you don't like, or @MONTH1 is disgusted by what they sell. That doesn't mean stores should be banned from malls. That's because some people might find that store interesting and want to buy some of their items. I think the same goes for the different books and materials in the library. One way that libraries could address this without removing these books from their shelves might be to survey local tourists in their towns and ask them what they think about some of the different types of books and different styles of music . After completing this survey, libraries can group these items into different categories or sections within the library. This can help tremendously with the problem, as people can stay away from parts they might find objectionable, and it's easier to find what they're looking for. I know that when I sit down and read, I don't always catch the most popular topics to read. I enjoy reading about topics like murder files, drug cases, biographies and autobiographies. Then on the music side, I listen to all kinds of music like hip-hop, country, alternative, rock, etc. Some @MONTH1 find this weird and unusual, but it just goes to show that not everyone wants to read and hear the same things. Therefore, the library should maintain a wide selection of different materials to keep everyone happy
I don't think their library should delete any books they have right now. If parents or people don't want to read those types of books they don't have to. But they should not be deleted. I agree that some books are out of place and have terrible language in them, but that's part of the book and how the story is made. When a book is made as is and has been published, no changes should be made to it. If a story contains a scene that a person thinks should not be in the book, then that person needs to put that book back and choose another book that they see fit. Some people like to read stories with details so they can visualize them in their minds. I know I know. In the library, they have books with inappropriate language and scenes that describe them, but to a certain age. I think you have to be 13 years old to read them which is a good thing because at that age you know things better and your parents shouldn't worry too much. So in my opinion, I don't think they should be removed from the library. On the other hand, movies with disturbing scenes should be removed. Movies are completely different from books. They show the material being described and I don't think teens should watch it. For someone like me, they can be very inappropriate and disturbing. I don't want to watch this in front of my mom or dad, especially a younger sibling. Again, this is just my opinion. If parents are okay with kids or kids there watching, it shouldn't be a problem. Music isn't that bad. There are many parents who do not want their child or children to listen to a certain type of music because of their religious beliefs and beliefs. I totally agree. My parents wouldn't let me listen to music in the first place, they would just sing songs about sex and damnation over and over. They don't care as I get older because I don't listen as much. I'm a teenager, and I also believe that some music these days is not suitable for anyone of any age. Some of the things they sing don't even make much sense. In libraries, I think they should just have some music that embodies the books. Magazines are not really the problem. Most magazines talk about beauty and fashion tips. They have horoscopes and give advice. Many magazines keep people informed about celebrities and lifestyles. It has some gossip. There are mainly for older teens and adults. For young teens and kids, there are more appropriate magazines to talk about young celebrities. This is my view of things. I know a lot of people don't fully agree with me, but here's what I think. I also know that @MONTH1 has a lot of people who agree with me and will likely give the same reasons as me to support their choice
Do you trust certain materials; should books, music, movies and magazines be removed from the shelves if they offend someone? Therefore, I don't believe in this way. If we took the books off the shelves for everyone who thought it was offensive, we wouldn't have any books left on the shelves. From my previous knowledge, I know that certain materials affect different people in different ways. I had my own experience at school. Some people don't want to say the oath because it says "one country, under @CAPS1". We all have different opinions on the subject; so we all have different reactions. However, that doesn't mean we should take away what he or she finds objectionable. Others find it appropriate. Observing others @MONTH1 in offending situations helps to find solutions to these problems. The solution is of course not to remove what some find objectionable forever. Library censorship should be based on separation. Materials suitable for a category should be placed in a section. Often, this separation helps people find what they need without being offended. In our own constitution, it states that all @CAPS2 is free; especially freedom of speech. All material is written by people with opinions, so by taking their books off the shelves, we are taking away their freedom of speech. This is how they express themselves. If anyone finds it offensive, they shouldn't read it at all. Removal of material may be frustrating and offensive to the author or other readers. It's simple: we shouldn't remove certain material because some people find it objectionable. Library scrutiny should be based on isolation, not making people easily offended. It's based on choice. People should choose what they want to read or watch without being taken away by others. So what do you believe now? whether some material should be removed
Have you ever pored over a library just to specifically find a good book, magazine or even cd that doesn't contain inappropriate material? You'll feel like a kid in a mall just waiting impatiently to find that toy, but it never shows up. You spend seconds, minutes, or even hours still slowly pacing back and forth on a shelf, and at last you find it and open it, see the most inappropriate picture ever, or listen to the most vulgar language, or even Take a look at the most offensive reading to date. Do you want it to change? I go to the library every time I finish reading. I have loved reading since I was a child. I feel like my reading has dropped lately, not because I'm involved in other things, but probably because I feel every book I pick up has been objectionable lately. For example, I went to see a new book and at this point I couldn't believe it because, unlike usual, I didn't know which book I was even interested in reading next. The librarian took me to the new bestseller there and said solved it, said it was as hard to put down as a lollipop. I checked it and after the first paragraph I wanted to throw up. This book is so bloody and I feel like it downgrades women and I'm not satisfied at all. This isn't the first time I or my friends have read this way, and I don't think it will be the last. I just wish I could look at a book that was less objectionable and was actually worth my time, but it seems like they've all changed and become too much for me lately, which is really disturbing me. Our library seems to be full of magazines, which is not a bad thing because I love them. I mark magazines as easy to read and are very good at killing my free time. I never get tired of all the photos, all the gossip and all the jokes at the end. But recently my opinion has changed, these magazines are starting to change, and I don't like it. It seems that I can't open my page without seeing a girl in a skirt, some inappropriate advertisements, or even a ton of personal displays of affection. Seeing these vulgar images is enough to make me not only turn the page, but also never dare to guess about opening a magazine again. Music is like poison to me and I'm addicted. There's never a day without music, but lately it's been different. I went to the library to see some new CDs and it seemed like everything I listened to was using every curse word out there. I was pissed off after buying it, but also disappointed that people were actually selling this crap. I am a person who listens to music to relax rather than develop new inappropriate vocabulary. I know there are a lot of good books, magazines and music out there. We just need to find it again. I wish we could put this objectionable, vulgar, unnecessary stuff in the library. I know I'll be very grateful for it, and so will many others I've heard from. We want reading utensils worth reading, we want magazines that our eyes don't mind glancing at, we want music that doesn't pollute our brains
I don't think certain materials should be removed from library shelves. People can choose what to choose from the shelves, and librarians don't force them to choose items. This is a free country and I think people should choose what they don't want. If people don't like it, read the back of the movie or book before choosing.
I believe there should be no censorship in free countries. There shouldn't be such a thing as censorship in this country. This country has freedom of speech and we can say whatever we want. The band was banned in @LOCATION1's US for their music there. How can your music be banned in the land of the free. I don't think anything should be banned in the library, there should be no such thing. How can we know good or bad if we have never seen bad things. I know there are movies and magazines that parents don't want their kids to see. So don't censor it still have it just make it where you have to be a certain age to watch that movie from the library. There should be no sensors in the land of free speech. How will we be called the land of the free if we examine everything. That's why I don't think we should censor anything in @LOCATION1.
I believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies and magazines, should not be removed from the shelf if someone finds them objectionable. Just because a person finds them offensive doesn't mean they should be taken away by other @MONTH1 people who like them. People are different, so we like different types of things. Different music, books, movies and magazines. If you find it offensive, please don't listen to it or read it. Listen to your favorite music, watch your favorite movies, read your favorite books and magazines. But just because you don't like something, don't try to take it away from those who do. People are very different in many ways. But let someone express who they are through their likes and dislikes. Censorship has always been an issue, but I believe that if people just stick to what they know and love, and leave everything and everyone else alone, everything will be fine. I know some people may find some of the things on the shelves today offensive. But if you don't like it, don't watch it or listen to it. Let go and stick to what you know and love. After all the world is a very diverse place and we are not all the same.
Do you believe that if you just take a book off the shelf, you or your child won't be exposed to objectionable material? If you do, you are doing it wrong. You can't isolate your family or other families from the world because you're afraid they might pick up something bad. Every day, whether they read a book or not, they are still exposed to vulgar behavior. "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - I hate this kind of work - then you The same rights, the same rights for everyone else. Then we don't have any books on our shelves for us to use. @CAPS1 referenced by Katherine Paterson also helps to understand the concept. Take a book off the shelf that they find offensive at any point in the book, then there is no book for children or even adults to read. In every book, there is some material that @MONTH1 doesn't like. Soon There is nothing. There is not a day when kids don’t hear objectionable things. Even in supervised schools, kids take what they hear their parents say or see their parents do and communicate with others Children share. You can't protect them from every little encounter they face. Some books are more offensive than others, but you'd give a child a book with vulgar language, or give a child a jar about @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Running out of honey in the book? If their parents @CAPS1 only cared about books, most kids wouldn't go to the library or store without super vision. So their parents probably wouldn't allow them to pick up an obscene book Or magazines, actually they might try to hide it from them. If a book is on the shelf then it's for those who love the material. If you can't keep the world's children safe then why are you trying Make a library in exactly the same way. There are other people out there who might find your material objectionable, and a library has something for everyone. It's not just for kids.
I think we should remove certain things like movies and music and books and it should definitely be a debate because now people are doing things they never did before. Take music, for example, music is a great cause for people to inspire to do things and really get involved in songs. They try to do the same thing as a favorite artist or actor. I hear songs and they talk about illegal things and I look around the world and hear kids talking about these things and they tell their parents what is that? But they just don't want to tell them the truth, but once these kids grow up, they'll know what that is and have options if they want to go that route or think about other things. But about the people who sing the song, their way of expressing it is not bad. Also, many books have objectionable language that kids read all the time without people even noticing. That's why kids can have trouble at school because they learn a new word in some book they've never read or can't even read because the young people there can understand but they're still curious And doing so, they don't know what's going on there. It's one way how kids grow up to be bad guys because they learn things they shouldn't. I think we as a good country should divide what people can read and what they can't read, it should depend on the age of the person. Some school libraries have movies that kids can watch, if you're in elementary, middle school, etc., that might be the case. But some of these movies have offensive language and some appropriate scenes that kids would want and learn how to do. Or how they would look at the actors in the movie and they cursed and they thought it was cool because it was there too. I think elementary school students should only watch pg movies, junior high school pg@NUM1 and below, high school should be able to watch basically any movie, but at the same time I think most high school students should watch more mature, which may be why we still don’t have the right to watch any movies , because people don't know what to do with themselves. In the end, I really think they should cut down on some movies and music and books because kids are learning things they shouldn't be learning when they're older and those three things change the world in many different ways, some good, But most are bad, that's my opinion.
There are a lot of questions about objectionable material used for entertainment purposes. Sometimes these things shouldn't be on the shelves. Such as movies, books, magazines, etc., which may seriously offend other people of different races or religions. Censorship can be used to solve this problem, like in the @CAPS1 @NUM1 book, it was used to completely exclude books from pictures. To prevent society from being offended, or for that matter, thinking. In this case however it's quite the opposite, with all sorts of negative material and not caring what it can do to others, or @MONTH1 hurting others. However, this can also be argued. People offended by material, be it religion or race, really don't have to be around the material in the first place. For example, if the material is in the library, then people don't need to go to the library. In conclusion, people don't have to go near objectionable things if they are offended, but people shouldn't be so cruel either.
Personally, I have no problem with anything I find in the library today. Yes, there will always be something you disagree with, but it won't hurt you, so ignore it. The kids won't be walking around the adults section of the library, they'll go to the kids section, so don't worry about them. Today, children mature at a much younger age. I believe there's no harm in a library, it's a place where you can go to get all the information. So why would you want to delete valuable information. The library is a place for everyone, no matter who you are, how old or ugly you are. Everyone can use the library for any reason, many times including schools. Personally, I rarely use the public library, but I often come to the school library to get work done or to find a specific book. For example, you might find that @CAPS1 is a horrible person you don't want your kids to know. For me, I'm @CAPS2 and I want to learn more about my own culture, no matter how bad it is. So why take this information from me. Just because a group of people doesn't like the book, canceling a learning experience doesn't mean everyone doesn't like it. I want to learn about myself and where I come from. Everyone will have their own opinions and beliefs. In general, a library is not a place to take things away when anyone is welcome. It's a place away from everything and I think they should leave them as they are.
I don't think people should take books off their shelves because the town library has these types of books. People should enjoy reading all types of books. Some people just read different books. Kids love fantasy and picture books, teens love romance, and everyone else loves non-fiction. What other people think should not matter. If people take books off their shelves, what other people will read. Instead of doing what you think is right, you should ask and write about what other people like before taking a book off the shelf. Think about what would happen if you took the book off the shelf. What will happen? I will tell you, you will lose customers. If you don't want your child to read inappropriate books, then you should make a card that your parents allow them to read these books. If that doesn't work then make an age limit. Ask your parents to show you their sleeper certificate. There is a restriction section in the library. In order to get a book from the restricted section, then have the parent sign a note stating that they allow it. Magazines should not be provided to children 13 and under. If they are over the age of fourteen, then they can get a magazine. Music shouldn't matter to parents, so there should be no problem there. If the movie was bought by the parents, that should be fine too. Other things you can figure out on your own. This is what I think should happen with books in the library. I told you how libraries should work. I told you what I think libraries should do. I will give you some advice. Think twice before doing it. That's all I'm going to tell you.
I believe all materials should be allowed into libraries because we all have the right to choose what we want to read, hear and see. Even if people banned some books from the library, others would find a way to get them. We as Americans have the right to live freely, which includes the right to read freely. As for music and movies, I think we've taken ourselves too far. We made porn an accessible thing, and music that promoted sex, drugs, violence, and alcohol. The only thing keeping us away from pure evil is @ORGANIZATION1 and its ratings on movies, music and TV. Magazines are a little more complicated than others, maga zines have their own set of standards. We all know @CAPS1, @PERSON1, and @CAPS2, but think about all the magazines we don't see. Those who work behind closed doors and rarely come out.
There is enormous diversity in the creation of books, magazines, films and music. Fiction, @ORGANIZATION1, horror, fashion, sci-fi and more categories of literature. Something everyone will love. What would you do if you couldn't choose to read, listen to, or watch your favorite material because someone else had a bad opinion about it? Everyone has an opinion. @MONTH1 supports something, or @MONTH1 does not. I believe that every book, film, magazine and other literary work deserves a place on the shelf. For some people, @MONTH1 is offensive, but that doesn't mean they have to read it. Someone @MONTH1 likes another job that they find objectionable. This is a matter of opinion. One person's opinion should not affect the availability of material. If you walk into a library and the shelves are full of books, but there are only books that everyone likes about the shelves, the shelves don't seem to be very full. It's hard to get two people to agree on the same thing. Imagine trying to get everyone to agree on literature in a public library. Censorship is understandable to a certain extent, but I think libraries should organize all their literature into categories and sections. In these categories and sections, people at @MONTH1 look for material they want to see and avoid objectionable material they don't want to see. The library rates @CAPS1 movies. Many people may find a movie rated @CAPS1 offensive, but many may enjoy watching a movie rated @CAPS1. Who wins, those who find it offensive or those who like them? This is a tough choice. I think libraries should carry movies, and if someone finds them objectionable, they shouldn't watch them. The same goes for books, magazines and music. If you find it offensive, don't read or listen to it. There are hundreds of different writing styles, movie plots, song lyrics and magazine covers. The reason they are so diverse is that each has a different opinion on the lyrics, cover, style and plot. They can't censor things just because some people find them objectionable. Other @MONTH1 love them. What would you do if your public library doesn't allow your favorite book to appear
I don't think books, movies, music, magazines, etc. should be removed just because some people don't like it. Maybe some other people do like them and enjoy reading them. A person or persons should not try to take something off a library shelf just because they find it objectionable. Many people like many different things, and what you read @MONTH1 affects others, but you don't care about that, you only care about what you want and like and what's bad for you. Do you care if something you're watching, reading, or listening to offends someone? Would you be bothered if someone told you it offended them? Everyone likes something different and some other @MONTH1 don't always agree on what they will be interested in
Do I believe that keratinous material should be removed from the shelf if it is found offensive? What I'm going to discuss is if certain materials are found offensive, do I believe they should be removed from the shelf? I will also talk about my introduction, main body and conclusion. Do I believe that any books, music, movies, magazines and anything else on any bookshelf or any other shelf that offends anyone should be removed. I think it's because no one should be offended by anything. No one should be offended by anything or anyone. I just explained and talked about whether the objectionable stuff on the shelf should be removed and I answered yes. I also talked about introduction, a boy and introduction
As we all know, anyone can rent books, movies, music and magazines at the library. Some material in the @MONTH1 library is known to be offensive or inappropriate. While some people think these items should be taken off the shelves, I believe that books, magazines, movies and music should not. People should be able to read, listen or watch the water they want, if someone doesn't want something they think is objectionable in their home then he or she doesn't have to get it, it doesn't mean something that seems offensive Disgust remains unpleasant. I think the most important reason that seemingly objectionable items should not be removed from library shelves is because people should be able to read, listen or watch water as they want. Everyone has the right to their own preferences. Some people prefer @CAPS1 rated movies or music with explicit content. If that's what people care about, so be it. No one should stop renting what they want just because others don't want them. Also, if someone doesn't want something they find offensive in his or her house, then don't get it. No one is forcing anyone to hear or see something they don't want. This is actually a very simple thing. Whether someone wants to see or hear what they want is a choice, and they have no right to tell others that they can't see or hear what they want. If someone doesn't like something, then they don't have to get it. In the end, just because something looks objectionable doesn't mean it's still unpleasant. The @CAPS5 example I can think of is a @CAPS1 rated movie. Just because a movie is rated @CAPS1 doesn't mean it still doesn't have a good story or moral. They have a lot of rated @CAPS1 movies with @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and many other awards. Another example is singer @ORGANIZATION1. Although his music @MONTH1 is offensive, they still have a lot of people who love it. Certain things that offend others can be enjoyed by others. In conclusion, no one has the right to prevent anyone from renting what they want from the library. People just need to mind their own business and not worry about what others find interesting. Certain books, movies, music and magazines are only offensive if some people believe them. People can only choose what they want and that's it
Do you think books or any different materials should be removed from library shelves? No, because their books or materials are not for everyone. Like if you have kids, you should keep them and a kid's area. We can't start taking every book off the shelf just because it's not a good book. The reason kids should stay is the kids area, so they want to pick up the book that isn't for them. We need to read to read children's books. If your child picks up a bad book, you should explain to them that the book is not for them. Some books are @CAPS1 for kids to read. So that's why they have an area there. Kids shouldn't leave there to buy a @CAPS1 book. I think kids should list proper music and library. @CAPS1 Books or materials are not suitable for children, so they shouldn't, and the area can pick up a bad book. I don't think there is a bad book. If you don't like the book, maybe someone else will. But like movies, music, and magazines, it shouldn't be off the shelves because if it were @CAPS1, it wouldn't be a library and number one. Everyone won't like everything, but that's life
Should libraries be censored? Many people have their own personal views on this issue. Everyone should know their boundaries, they know what's good to see and what's not. Libraries should not delete books etc. that they have purchased themselves. Now they want them to be censored? I don't think this is very correct. Libraries should have all reviewed material as part of the library that customers cannot see from the main section, and open to customers who want to go into that particular section to view books or whatever @MONTH1 applies to that section. Libraries are made for people who just want to go somewhere to escape the troubles of their own world and just sit in the library and read. Not everyone goes to the library to read books, some to listen to music, some to read magazines, and no library can bring out the materials that people go there to get. If they take materials from the library, how do they expect customers to come back? The internet and @CAPS1 are more offensive than material in the library, so they have the right to say take all objectionable inappropriate material out of the library. If libraries have to do this, so should all other entertainment industries. In the end, each library should be in control of what they think is best for their facility. My opinion is that we should move the material elsewhere in the building, in its own winglet or elsewhere. If people want to go in and check something, but if people don't want to go in, they certainly don't have to. Everyone has their own personal opinion on this subject, I give you mine
I think any book or movie should have some warning signs to make sure everyone knows what they're going through before reading or seeing anything. s Some movies or books to read or watch should also have age restrictions. Some things people find offensive, others @MONTH1 don't, if taking everything out of a movie or book @MONTH1 would result in people not going to see or read as many movies or books. In a lot of music, something can be off-putting, but if you don't understand what they're saying in the song, then don't listen to that combination. There are rap artists who say things that people might not like, but you don't have to listen to them. There are more bands and different kinds of music to choose from. It's hard to extract something from movies and music because it can take away a lot of what people want to see. In magazines, many people including me love to hear the truth about celebrities and interesting facts about people and movies that many @MONTH1 don't know. If parents don't like the kids there reading those books, let them buy a set of books they'll love for their kids to read.
My name is @CAPS1 and my take on library review is that any objectionable material should be taken down. I've never come across material that offends me, but maybe someone else has and it really offends them. I'm not the type to start an argument, but I'm the type to speak my mind and tell you what I believe. People worry about whether libraries will cancel certain types of books they want that are not reserved for others on their shelves. I have to say there are other places next to the library to buy books like @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2 and more. Like I said, I've never come across a book that I think should be off the shelf, but of course I haven't read a lot, but I've never come across any scary books that I've read. Books like How People Suicide, or How People Get Pregnant can go off the shelf, but if you have kids in the library, they shouldn't even be in the Adults section, they should be in the Children's section. I've never heard of a children's book that sucks and should be taken off the shelves. Most authors are smarter than that, or at least I hope so. The music itself is a whole story. In my opinion, if you don't want your kids to listen to adult music, don't let them. I know a lot of bad music that I would never let my kids listen to, but I know very well that if I don't want them to listen, I won't play it when they're around. I grew up around rap, so I just listen to that, but when I had kids, I knew what they could and couldn't listen to. Movies are the most problematic one for me because in libraries and other places like @ORGANIZATION1 and bookstores, they just put the movie out for everyone to see, no matter what's on the cover or what the content is called. Movies with bad covers and titles, like all "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" movies, may now be taken off the shelves. The name of the movie is not bad, but the movie itself is not for children, why put it on a shelf for children to see and want to see? Magazines etc I don't have a big problem because the library isn't broken but the bookstore has "playboys and playgirls" stuff like that but they are usually put behind all the other magazines so kids can read only adults to them. Children only see them when you point them out. I think I've said all I can say about my opinions and experiences with books, music, movies, and magazines that should or shouldn't be removed from the library. I don't have a lot of experience, but maybe that's because I don't have kids yet, I think I'll find out when I do. I'd love to explain my experiences and perspectives to anyone who really cares and wants to know
Library Review Libraries should not remove "offensive" books from their shelves. Parental supervision, librarian supervision, and your own common sense are three reasons why books should not be taken off shelves when they are deemed offensive. Parental supervision is one of the first tasks in knowing what your child is reading. If they don't want their kids to grow up to be "stupid" then they should teach them to pay more attention to educational books. When they see their child in a row of books that they deem inappropriate, they should remove their child from that area and take them to another area. Librarian supervision is also an important priority. Maybe they don't know the actual age of the children, but if the librarian sees them in a place they don't think is inappropriate for their age, show them another shelf. Just like parents, librarians will try to find an educational book that kids @MONTH1 loves. However, librarians obviously love to read because they do it all day, so kids @MONTH1 are lucky the librarians will find an adventure book for the kid, or something else the kid finds interesting. Common sense is also one reason why "offensive" books should not be removed from libraries. Most people know how old they are and what books to read. If they are in an area that others in the library @MONTH1 don't think is appropriate for them to read, please go to another area. Again, I don't think libraries should be censored. If parents want their children to read books that won't "rot your brain", then they should observe what their children read, trust the librarian to show them the right books, and expect their children to have good common sense
I think @CAPS4 is fine if you take them out. If they're really that bad, you should be @NUM1 or older to take them out of the library or store. If they're that bad, they should have something like a movie rated @CAPS1. I've read some really good books, but kids shouldn't read them. I read the book @CAPS3 'A @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4' and @CAPS4 really sad. @CAPS4 About the book @CAPS2 He told us what his mom made him do as a kid. I love this book but @CAPS4 is sad but I read @CAPS4 because people are talking about @CAPS4. Some parents don't let their kids watch certain things on TV because they think they're bad. I was watching this TV show at my grandma's house and she said I shouldn't watch @CAPS4 but I will. I'm @NUM1 so I figured I should be able to choose what I watch. I don't think she likes @CAPS4 because they yelled at the show and she said that's why I yelled. Some movies are better if they have bad stuff, @CAPS4 makes them funny sometimes, that's what everyone loves. I'd rather watch a funny movie than a kids movie. Although I have seen them before
No, books, etc. should not be moved as anyone could be interested in them. Someone might go into the library looking for any item in it, but can't find it because the library removed them. First, there is no reason to remove books from the library unless more new books are waiting to come in. Everyone likes different materials, books and things. That's why I say don't delete these items. People may come to the library to find the book they want. If that person can find it, they might complain, or go somewhere else to do business. Then the library could start losing business. Second, if their library starts to lose business, it may be forced to close. Then if the library is closed, people who come there usually have no place to study or work or nothing. If these people don't have transportation, they won't be able to travel to another library. Library owners could lose money if they close their doors because everyone doesn't have computers and books at home. They can come there to research and rent books. Third, some people go to the library for peace, the library is the only place. Children go to the library to find books, etc. If they can't find the book they want, they may cry. Staff may be disturbed if they start crying. Then that or the person being interrupted may leave and never come back, and that's a monetary loss. A student's school may not have the book they're looking for, they come to the library, and the library doesn't, and the student doesn't have the book. In conclusion, these are some reasons and examples of why I don't think books etc should be taken out of the library. Someone might be so interested in their projects that they come to the library looking for them and can't find them.
You are the mother or father of a small child and you take them to the library. There, you'll see some ads for new books. The logo is bright and flashy, so you stop and read it. It turns out that this is promoting a book and some movies that you think shouldn't even be here because they are far from inappropriate and offensive. what will you do? Personally, I believe if you see something like this and you think it's offensive, you should say something. Talk to the librarian and explain your situation. Publishing offensive articles in a public library where kids of all ages do their homework is just plain wrong. What if a library has no restrictions on who can check out what? So many kids can check out something like this without even knowing what it is! Can you imagine your child coming home from the library and handing you a book, magazine or movie far beyond anything they should have seen at that age? This will be disastrous! I @MONTH1 don't have kids, but I have a cousin. I know for a fact that if they bring home something inappropriate or objectionable, their parents have an important conversation with the librarian. Libraries should have significant restrictions on who can check out content. For example, my library has three different library cards. A card is just for viewing ordinary books. Another is that you can view movies, music and books. Then there's the third and final card, and you can check out books, music, and movies in an adult section in a small room at the back of the library. However, to be eligible for the third card, you must be at least eighteen years old. I strongly believe that if the library does carry some material that @MONTH1 considers objectionable, it needs to be kept in a small room at the back of the library, or behind the librarian's desk. That way, people who don't want to see the material don't have to. If someone does want to see or inspect these materials, they should need to prove they are over 18 years old. This will make it easier for librarians to keep track of who viewed or checked these materials. Another thing, what if someone finds something that is not offensive to others? Well, to be honest, I think at least two or three people should have commented that it was inappropriate or offensive before actually taking it off the shelves. If more than one person is speaking, librarians should keep books, magazines, movies, music, etc. together with other age-restricted offensive material. This is the case with my community library, which I firmly believe is the poster child for all libraries that wish to have more restrictions. It would be better for everyone if all libraries had more restrictions. Parents don't have to worry about their little ones wandering around and discovering something that's totally wrong for them. Older teens and young adults will be able to complete their homework or projects without being interrupted by offensive material. Finally, I want you to take everything I said to heart. I hope you write an article discussing the limitations of libraries and how they make everything better. Thanks for taking the time to read
I think some of the materials in the library should be removed. Some @MONTH1 find them offensive because they may have something bad. Certain types of music contain bad language and people don't want children to find it. If a child sees those things, they will learn bad things. They will say it in front of everyone, and then everyone will say it. A lot of books can be read because there is nothing bad about them. Some people like to read dramatic books, some people don't. Most books can be read. But some people may have languages that cannot be spoken out loud in the library. But they can still be there because some people might want to read them. If people don't want to read them, then they shouldn't get them. There are bad things in some movies. That kind of stuff shouldn't be there because a lot of people don't want to see a movie like that. If a kid walks in to get one, if it has those things and the parent finds out, the library might be stitched up for having those things. So they should be taken out of the library so people don't get them. Libraries can put children's movies there to watch because they're not bad. If I work in a library, then I'll pull out magazines. Sports magazines can be put there. But a lot of the others shouldn't be there because there's a lot of bad stuff out there and I'm not going to let people take them, so I'm not going to let them be there. But exercise and everything else, because exercise is not bad for people to read. People love to read books about sports because they are fun to read. That's exactly what I'm thankful for. Others might see it another way, they can. People are different and they will be grateful for different things. Some people may want to read it, some people don't. So it just shows you that people are different because they are grateful for different things than everyone else. Some libraries have these things, some don't. sp, if you're one of those people who likes these things, then go find one of those people who have them. If you're one of those people who don't have that, then go find someone who doesn't have these things so you can get what you want and they can get what they want
I've seen some really offensive books on the library shelves. Books that make you worry about what will happen if your kids @NUM1, @NUM2 or @NUM3 read these books because that's where their minds absorb the most knowledge, but what if that knowledge offends a certain race or religion. This child is a farther species. This should be reviewed in the library. Trying to imagine if they read books written by @CAPS1 and other Nazis during the Nazi @CAPS2 rule. Mabey They read @PERSON1 or other famous killer books. If they see photo books about mass Jewish death camps in Europe. Show war-torn movies like @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, World War @NUM4 or World War @NUM5. The famous movie "@CAPS3 @CAPS4" is a brutal film based on @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS5. This is my take on censorship to protect children from objectionable things in or on books, music, movies, magazines. They should be scrutinized on everything kids have access to. Imagine a world without the normal media they can publish
Libraries are public places. Everyone has access to the library. It provides everyday people with the information they are seeking to know. Many different forms of information and entertainment are available within the library. Books, music, movies, etc., can be found there. Since they are all available, they should not be allowed to be reviewed in the library. Genres are created for a reason. Certain items come in different forms. Music comes in many forms. Classical, rock and blues are some examples. Since music is categorized in this way, it shouldn't be necessary for them to be off the shelf in the library. If a certain type of music or book is known to be offensive, it can be avoided. It is not even necessary to visit a certain section of the library if a person knows he or she finds it objectionable. In @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people are given many rights that are often taken for granted. Free speech is one of them. It's a privilege that would rip off part of @CAPS3 if taken away. The freedom to say whatever you want also includes singing. Certain music on library shelves does have a right to be there. Just because a certain group of people finds a genre of music objectionable, it doesn't mean that everyone thinks so. For this reason, any type of music can be placed on the library shelves. Another freedom for @CAPS2 people is freedom of the press. Anything put on paper is legal. It's legal to criticize the government or fantasy schools. Books can offend many people. They can convince a person in incredible ways. Like music, books have many categories. Whatever is put in those books is allowed there anyway. Movies are also located in the library. They are classified as much as books and music. The term '@CAPS5 judges a book by its cover' is sometimes correct. This can also be used for movies. The title of a movie or book will say what it is about. Certain movies that are not suitable for children are rated @CAPS6 or @NUM1. These ratings help review things somewhat. It's not illegal for a library to own a movie rated @CAPS6. However, it is illegal to test young children. Libraries should not allow censorship. All types of entertainment of all types can be found in the library. From books to video games, there are ratings and genres. If someone is offended by these types of entertainment, they shouldn't go to that section of the library. It is not illegal to store certain types of music, books, movies, etc. in a library. As long as it doesn't break the law, there should be no problem.
If I find some material objectionable, do I think it should be removed from the shelf? I don't think the weather matters when there is music, movies or magazines in the library. Some people like to come to the library to relax, read a magazine or listen to music. I don't think what other people are doing there bothers anyone, and if it doesn't bother them, it shouldn't bother anyone else. I see people reading books and listening to music sometimes. It doesn't bother me when they do. It's their way of flooding the world and enjoying a good book. There is only one reason why we should keep certain materials out of libraries. It's just that some people get really loud when they're reading a magazine, or when the music is loud. Other than that, I don't think we should keep these types of materials in libraries. I'm a reader myself, and I like to read quietly. So I like to listen to my music while reading. I also like to read magazines from time to time. It's really relaxing for me. These are the reasons why I have these types of materials in our library regardless of the weather
Do I think books, movies, music or magazines should be removed from the library? No, I don't think they should be removed because if you remove them you may lose more customers. I'll be honest here, most people enjoy reading. I know I sometimes read to learn, if they get rid of the books I read to learn. How will I study? Even teachers go to the library to study and even go to the library to buy books, or for the older kids there or the kids there. Parents do the same thing. People don't understand that music helps everyone at some point in time. I know people who listen to music to help them agree on different things like homework, regular work, or even being stressed out. There are many different ways music can help many people. If people decide to be offended by something like this, then they have a problem because they haven't had any complaints over the years. To be honest, I've never gotten a movie or a magazine from the library before. People do it for their kids or grandkids out there, I don't really think it's a big deal. It's not like they're looking at anything bad. Most of them have children's movies which are not bad. Why would people want to take such a small thing from a child? It annoys me in a way because I like kids and they don't hurt anyone.
Did you know that libraries contain books, movies, music, magazines, and more? Yes! They have it all, if you need something for research or a project, go there. But if there's something you don't like, go ahead. I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelf if found offensive. I think if it offends you then you should move on. The "stuff" that might offend you might be helpful to others. So, now you know if you see something in the library that you don't like, just walk away. It might help you and others. If something offends you, how will the next person learn? They won't. Don't just think about yourself, but also others in your situation.
I don't think we should remove or remove anything from library shelves that seems objectionable or inappropriate to the audience, but I wouldn't recommend it to kids who aren't ready for that kind of material until their age Get ready for this viewing. I say this because I believe and know that sooner or later people will see, hear and experience that viewing and/or experience at some point in their lives, which has happened to many people and will continue to happen to them on everyone in life. The events that happened to many people are horrific but true, what happened around the world @CAPS1 should be known to others and why so people can know how to deal with this situation or at least what to do, we should be Some cerntian incidents happen like examples and should know how to get through; if a cerntian race is taking care of his own bisnuess passing by a group of racists who start offending him with words then he should be worried. Because if a person is only going to use words constantly, then you should know that he/she is just a weak person who just wants to annoy your nerves and will not cause you any physical harm. There are a lot of @CAPS1 people don't like and try their best to hide it, but it only makes @CAPS1 worse for everyone, and if some people are exposed to what some people want to hide, they'll have nothing Knowing; we should hide @CAPS1 from others so that they don't know what's going on or is happening, so that they don't know. I believe that for those who are ready to see or know what is going on, nothing should be held back, no matter how cruel or painful it is, they should know what it is and how to take care of themselves when they go through it first first hand.
Review @CAPS1 We all know that language is the foundation of human heritage. Language refers to anything a speaker is trying to communicate. To take a book from a shelf is to steal words from the mouths of many great speakers. We are obligated to keep the @CAPS1 we created alive. If you forget something, it's as if nothing happened. If nothing happens, it will happen again - good or bad. It is wrong to hide words from our children. If not in print, word of mouth would lead them to the same discoveries as reading from books. But more importantly, what's the use of hiding the truth? When many people talk about tragic events, they say, '@CAPS2 forgot. Why should youth @CAPS2 study if we shouldn't forget? There is nothing in print that cannot be conveyed in a different form of communication. Our @CAPS1 is written on the literature page. The books we read are the property of all mankind and should be read by all to educate our mistakes as well as our triumphs. A commonly debated topic in the censorship world is "@CAPS3 of @CAPS4 @CAPS5". @CAPS6 is a novel showcasing real life in @LOCATION1's most racially savage era. One might argue that it uses the objectionable "n" word multiple times. As for @CAPS6, one could argue that @PERSON3, @CAPS7 @CAPS8 supporting @PERSON2 is loved by @PERSON2. A book from the age of @CAPS6 showing the friendship between black and white is truly a seminal feat. The word "n" was common during @CAPS6 - black and white friendships weren't. Is it really important to let kids know that another offensive word they will eventually find, or is it more important to let them know that skin color doesn't change a person? Don't take advantage of your child's opportunity to learn what really matters. To take a book is to take all the books. Censoring a piece of literature opens the door to debate for every piece of literature ever written. The world has seen what happens when things come under scrutiny. During @PERSON1's dictatorship, almost everything, from the internet, books, news, TV shows, movies, music, magazines, was censored, so only what the dictatorship wanted to pass. Those people were brainwashed, those who didn't stand up, and when they did, they were shot down. Don't let the world become like that. We are better than that, and our literature shows that. In other words, in order to censor the media and literature around us, we deprive us of education and freedoms that are vital to the well-being of future generations. Don't hide the author's freedom of speech, don't hide our @CAPS1 from our kids, don't make us make the same mistakes we've made before. Let us educate our children for the future of humanity. Let's @CAPS1 not repeat. Let's innovate and create a new and better world. Let's let our words flow freely. Let our legacy live on.
Author Katherine Paterson said: "We all think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves. But if I had the right to remove that book from the you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. Then we have no books on the shelves for any of us. I do believe that certain materials, such as music, books and movies, should not be placed Read on the children's bookshelf and should be on the adult's bookshelf. I believe every author has the right to express themselves and be accepted. We all have our own beliefs and standards, and even if we disagree with those beliefs, we want others to respect them .If every book deemed objectionable was taken off the shelf, we would soon be running out of books. The reason for this is because everyone finds something objectionable. Many kids have a problem with a certain If something is of interest to us, we cannot stop them unless it is inappropriate or against a religious belief such as family morals or values. It would be good to monitor what your children are reading, watching and listening to. On the other hand, adult bookshelves will There are many different things that, unlike children's books, will offend many different people. Writing is a way of showing how a person is expressed and what they stand for, although it doesn't please me or anyone else @MONTH1. But if we write a book and someone doesn't like it, we won't like it if they take it off the shelf. It's a direct sign to someone who thinks hard about work for a long time .Learn to be proud of what you believe in. Also learn to respect others and keep kids around safe family type books, music and magazines
I have good reasons against censorship. Everyone supports scrutiny from a different perspective. If you're not old enough to get a movie or book, there's a reason. On the other hand, if you are then it should be fine. People should have their own choices. If they want to go out and watch a movie rated @CAPS1 and watch it with their kids, that's their choice. It's definitely not someone who makes movies choose to censor cusswords and stuff. That's why they make edited CDs so people can use them. People have different beliefs. All they believe is how it should go. If other people of different faiths don't like that, then I guess they need to write @NUM1 paragrapgh as I am now. People also want everything to be censored. Ultimately they won't be able to read or listen to everything. So to all who wish everything was censored, I hope you are happy when the world has nothing to do because of you.
A review of America's future children. Personally, I've read some disturbing books and watched some weird, twisted, disturbing @CAPS1 movies. Not even talking about all the messy music I've heard so far in my life. At the end of the day, a lot of music today is about sex, drugs, money, violent crime, and gangs. These movies have a rating system that helps little kids. Books that anyone can get from a public library, some of which are about the horrific realities of murder, rape, gangs, violence, and all the diabolical deeds in the world. I personally don't have kids, but if I had a kid and he read a terrible book or heard a dirty song with these lyrics, if he watched a movie rated @CAPS1 I would File a complaint because that's not how I want my kids to grow up. With a twisted mind, a rascal's word came out of his mouth every ten seconds. I also don't want my kid to spit out that stuff in his mom's mouth to kiss him. But @ORGANIZATION1 needs to keep all this stuff away from kids until they're old enough to get it for themselves, just like they need to be @NUM1 to see a movie rated @CAPS1. It should have been.
'' I feel that books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. Some @CAPS1 like the objectionable stuff they have in the library. Some @CAPS1 sometimes wonder about certain objectionable things. Most @CAPS1 can offend a lot of different things. Different @CAPS1 have different objectionable things. What might offend you might not offend me. ' @CAPS1 does not like offensive things should not be checked out, @CAPS1 likes offensive things can be checked out. I don't think they should be removed because @CAPS1 doesn't like offensive stuff and they shouldn't check it out. You can't remove objectionable stuff just because some @CAPS1 doesn't like objectionable stuff. Everyone has their rights, but some @CAPS1 like to be offended. I read a book that made me angry, but it told me how to deal with this situation and how to overcome my situation. So some things @MONTH1 offend you, but some things you just need to read more about it because some things will tell you how to overcome the situation, or it will tell you how to deal with a situation where you are offended. That's why I don't think you should delete offensive books.
Move @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 in @CAPS4! When you go into a library or bookstore, of course you will find your likes and dislikes @CAPS3. You think @MONTH1 is different from everyone else. Sometimes you get a little uncomfortable with the situation and the way things are going. People have different opinions on different @CAPS3 in this @CAPS4 way. You will meet good @CAPS3, bad stuff, happy @CAPS3, sad @CAPS3, @CAPS3 you agree with, and @CAPS3 you disagree with. I believe books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else should not be removed if they are found to offend anyone. I say this because if any of these items offend one person, they probably won't offend the other. Different people have different interests in many different @CAPS3s. Therefore, materials should not be removed from shelves for any reason. Especially if they didn't physically harm anything or anyone. From personal experience, I have been offended by some @CAPS3s many times. I feel like the abortion might do a little harm to the unborn @CAPS4. It's not right to kill a kid who hasn't experienced what you have. But sometimes the way I can feel it is very different from others. So who am I to tell another person what they can and cannot do. This comes with expressing your own opinion. You cannot change another person's thoughts or feelings. It's crazy if you find a book or something like that difficult to handle. Think about @CAPS2 situations you might encounter and might offend you. Many times you will disagree or have an opinion but not be able to change or do anything. @CAPS3 will be easier, @CAPS2 will be less if we sometimes deal with difficult @CAPS3 in @CAPS4
No, they shouldn't take CDs, books etc off store shelves. They should put them on the shelf, I think. They should delete old video games. and books and music. all other
In many @CAPS1 libraries across the country, not in abundance: Books, Magazines, Movies and Music as they are considered offensive. I don't believe this should happen because everyone is unique and @MONTH1 finds different types of jobs offensive. Who chose to take these items out of the library, and why are they the only ones who can tell what goes and what stays? Everyone has their own way, everyone has their own interests and perspectives. Some are sporty, gothic, preppy and nerdy. The library is open to anyone who wants to enter. What if the people who choose what the library has to offer don't like scary books, so they take all the scary books out? What if they were someone who only read horror books? So what do they have to read? I bet that if that person had the ability to choose what to stay in the library and what to go to, they would just be terrified in the library. I don't think anyone should have the right to review what's available in the @CAPS1 library. Everyone has their own opinions and interests, so they should be open to everything in the library. The @CAPS1 library is called @CAPS1 for a reason. That means it's open to everyone. There should be a variety of different types of readings and a variety of movies to choose from. Just because one doesn't like a genre, or doesn't think it's suitable for a particular audience, doesn't mean they can take it out of the @CAPS1 library. That's why there are things like sections in libraries. If you can't find a suitable specific type of book, put it in the "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" section of the library. Example: @PERSON1, he is a very popular author with many different audiences. His thinking is very different from most. He writes horror, but features gore and a lot of porn in his writing. This is his own writing style. If the person choosing the library content finds it inappropriate, or they find it objectionable, they should put it in the "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" section or even the "@CAPS3" section. What the child is reading should be decided by the child's parents; not the library itself. I don't think anyone should choose what the library offers and doesn't. Everyone is unique, different, and has their own perspective on different things and ideas. If you remove a certain type of book, movie, magazine, or music from your library, and that's the only type someone reads, what must they read? What if someone comes up with only the kind you like to read? So what would you do? If everyone had the choice and right to do so, I don't think the library would be left with anything. @CAPS1 should work with all types of everything. If you don't find the right book, put it in the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 section of the library so it's still open to anyone. This will be a big @CAPS9 for anyone who decides to pick it up and read it. You need to think about everyone, not just yourself.
Books, magazines, etc... should really be censored and pulled from library shelves just because you might find them objectionable? Some people reading this will say yes, but why? What is the reason behind this? So to answer my first question, my answer has to be no, because libraries are public spaces for all ages, and every area is marked or should be marked as a type of book, magazine, etc. it is. I myself read pretty much everything I can get my hands on, and for some people too. Yes, I know if it offends you, you might feel like they should review it, but what about those who don't? What would you say to them? How would you explain why it's objectionable? Most importantly, how would you react if they turned against you? If it was because of one person or a small group of people that one of my favorite books or series was reviewed, I would honestly be happy. Books are for everyone, and they shouldn't be prevented from reading a book they love just because they're off the shelf. I think if a person really doesn't like the book and finds it offensive, then they should just ignore it and move on to another book, they shouldn't have read it in the first place. What about books that offend certain people, usually a book is written for a specific group of people, for example, what if someone finds a romance novel that a lot of people like, what about the offense? What if this is what everyone reads? Well, people who only read romance novels won't have books to read because someone made them censored and taken off the shelves. Books have been written to help teach, to get away from the real world, to create a place for the imaginative, to give people hope, mystery and excitement. Books shouldn't be taken off library shelves, and for people who love to read, they're kind of like. Yes, there are some books you don't want your kids, grandchildren, nieces and nephews to read, but it doesn't help that you can't review every book you don't want them to read or want them to read. If you do, there won't be a book on the library shelf. So for those of you who read this, think about it, when you pick up a book and find it objectionable, do you want to upset other people because you took it off the shelf? You never know when that's going to happen to you, think before you go, try doing that with a book.
I don't believe any particular material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc; should be removed from library shelves as anything can be objectionable. What if someone needs to research @NUM1? Well, if all the books about @NUM1 were taken off the shelves, they really couldn't, just because some people found it offensive. Now, everything goes against someone. For that, people need to understand that it's what it is, and if you don't belong in that problem, then what you need to worry about. This era is evil all over the world. Something is going to happen that people will find a little offensive. Like all earthquakes in the world, I know some people are offended by it, but if someone is in college, they want to know more about what's going on, so maybe they can find a group of people and make life there better. People are hurting, I understand that, but we are not here to judge, we are here to help the poor and the sick, to make them live, just to help them see that there is a way out. Having said all that, I don't think we should take books, music, movies and magazines off the shelves in our library.
When I go to the library, most of the time, I'm working on a specific topic. The information I want is the fact that it actually happened or happened. It's impossible if they censor all material that offends someone. Leaving the library uncensored allows us to fully understand what we're reading or researching. It is important for readers and researchers to connect and absorb all the information they read. That's what gets us interested in what we're doing. Authors write what they write for a reason. It's not fair to them to take hard work off the shelf because something trivial will offend someone. Also, either way, someone will be offended because the author will be offended for taking his hard work off the shelf. As you @MONTH1 said, I am against censorship of our library. My opinion is if something offends you then don't look at it
I disagree with library review. Everyone should be allowed to reflect on their beliefs or ideas. If certain offensive books are removed from the library, no one will be able to read them. If parents care about what their children borrow from the library, then they should read it before their children to see if they think it's appropriate. In my opinion, kids should be able to read whatever they like, and by doing so, they can teach themselves a lot. Books can also help children escape from everyday life. Granted, kids shouldn't always run away, or use reading to hide from real life, but occasionally they need to. I knew as a kid that when things weren't going well, I could always read to get rid of bad things. If children are allowed to escape these places, they can do better academically and among their peers. Reading helps children expand their imaginations. If a child reads several times a day, it proves that the child will do better in life. No one likes boring people, how can you be boring with such a rich imagination? is impossible! In a recent online poll, parents whose children could read said their children did better at school and in everyday life. Through reading, these children can easily expand their vocabulary. Armed with this knowledge, they can learn easily and excel academically with ease. In conclusion, if certain books are censored by the library, they will not be available for children to read. Children need books to provide escape, expand their imaginations, and help them in school and in life. Don't let the library censor books!
Some materials in library @MONTH1 contain offensive information. However, if they are found to be objectionable, should they be removed? Some believe it should be removed based on the seriousness of the crime. However, material @MONTH1 will be removed if it is a sexual, racist or life-threatening crime. Some material @MONTH1 has offensive sexual comments. If it feels offensive and the author or artist of the material has gone too far, then @MONTH1 is a good reason to remove the material. It @MONTH1 feels down. @MONTH1 also feels violated and offended. @MONTH1 has material with racist comments. Racism is one of the biggest conflicts in the world today. This is something that sparks fights and debates. It also causes the individual to feel bad about themselves. Racism can also make people feel very hurt. So if there is too much racism in the material then it should be removed. Some material @MONTH1 is offensive and appears to be life threatening. Assuming this is a book about an entire country, and the author slips through content @MONTH1 seems like the country will be at risk, someone @MONTH1 feels offended and wants the material removed. Too much threatening material @MONTH1 makes people feel like their life is in danger or as if something bad is going to happen. They will feel life-threatening offense and want to remove it from the shelf. So should objectionable materials be removed from shelves? Yes, they should. If they are found to have committed sexual acts, life-threatening crimes, or racist remarks, they should be removed so that individuals do not feel that these crimes are life-threatening, hurt, or cause negative emotions
Taking "offensive" books from library shelves is like taking away the right of speech. It doesn't make any sense. People in this country have the right to speak. With that comes the right to have your voice heard. The author's opinion @MONTH1 is offensive to some, but does that mean he or she shouldn't have a say? Writers get their ideas from somewhere, society plays a huge role in the ideas of those writers, taking these books won't change the way people think and feel, most importantly citizens of @LOCATION1 have the right to make their own Choice; that is, if you don't like a book, don't check it out. Writer @MONTH1 states that @MONTH1 offends one in a million people in some way. Others see it as freedom of speech and writing. Authors who write stories that involve sex are not trying to extend their writing and thinking to sophomores. But if one has questions about the way the author sees the world as he walks out the front door, the same thing can be shown. Some books @MONTH1 are fictional, but that doesn't mean they didn't get ideas from elsewhere. Society plays an important role in the thoughts and ideas of most writers. So when they write a book that contains "inappropriate" behavior, they're taking it from people's real world. Banning books with sex scenes or provocative language in the library - no matter what - won't stop the world from having sex and swearing. Children learn this by hearing their parents swear by or their peers in class talking about sex. Reading about it doesn't change the fact that they are still learning about it in many other ways. Society still won't change if those sworn books are no longer on library shelves. There is no perfect society. Putting a book with offensive language on the shelf won't hurt anyone. If an individual does not like the way the author expresses himself through writing, that person should not check out the author's book from the library. No one was forced to read the book they were offended by. Throwing away a book because of unhappy parents is just a waste of paper and intelligence. Libraries are not responsible for how readers feel. If readers don't like the book, they can close it. No one sticks their fingers on it. Many people in the world today would agree that banning books from our public libraries will not have as much of an impact as some would like. Banning books is an unknown thing that prevents children from learning bad things. Society shows that writers get their ideas from somewhere, taking the books won't change the way people think and behave, if someone doesn't like a book they shouldn't read it
One can understand why some people want to censor libraries and remove all forms of rude, unwelcome or offensive media from their shelves. However, one has to take into account that, as Kathleen Patterson puts it, if a person "has the right to remove that book from the shelf ... then you have the same right as everyone else." With that in mind, we really Think library review is a smart idea? If everyone could pick out which books to remove or which music to ban, we would have nothing. You simply cannot please everyone. Is there a benefit? Of course there are benefits too. We certainly don't want our children to be exposed to a certain material at a very young age. But never censor the library! As responsible parents, if a person wants their children to stay away from a certain book or a certain movie, they should take that into their own hands, rather than condemn the off-the-shelf book. To condemn this book is to condemn the author. As @CAPS1, one has freedom of speech and this applies to the media as well. The author has the right to create some books that @MONTH1 deems offensive, and no one has the right to remove his or her rights from status. Paper burns at @NUM1 degrees @CAPS2. In this classic novel by @PERSON2@CAPS2@NUM1, the protagonist struggles to survive in a world contested by banned and burned books. The story takes place in the future, however, it contains an interesting hint that this "future" @MONTH1 may be closer than initially thought. To put it bluntly, the protagonist's life is terrible, living in a world where books are banned, but he is a master bibliophile. He was hired as a firefighter, not to clear fires, but to create them. @PERSON2's firemen take on the delicate task of burning books, which is a fairly frequent occurrence. However, with the protagonist's love for literature, how can he burn books? Throughout the novel, characters try to reconcile with themselves and try to end the madness, only to be thrown out of civilization. The book is impressive, but amazing to read: it underscores the dire realities of censorship. It's everywhere. Now, of course people don't need to worry about the future hell of @PERSON2, it will be resurrected soon. But people should know the dangers of censorship. No one has the right to remove a book they deem offensive from the shelf, let alone ban it outright. To ban books is to confine freedom. Freedom of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of thought. Another dystopian world that comes to mind is the world of @DATE1 by @ORGANIZATION1. Although, of course, our society is certainly not moving in that direction anytime soon (if at all): it's still a valid point. Once some freedoms are taken away, others follow. Libraries should always remain intact. Everyone, every man, woman and child should have adequate access to knowledge. Whether this knowledge is acquired through books, magazines, movies, or music, it needs to be readily available. Rather than ban certain media, put a warning label on those media. Parents must be aware of enough to pay attention, and the problem will be solved easily. Censorship is wrong, censorship is unnecessary, and there are tons of alternatives to prevent potentially "offensive" media. Therefore, cases can be based on the knowledge that all forms of media require available, regardless of the content
There are so many books out there that parents don't want their kids to read. Some books are about violence and crime, some are about love and romance. But using censorship in libraries is not the best idea. There are many books that may not be suitable for children to read, but it may help them make better choices in real life. Furthermore, we cannot forget freedom of the press. With a free press, anyone can write whatever they want. They can write about good, bad, violence, crime, love and romance. Everyone has their own way of writing and imagination. What novels would children read without imagination. There is nothing to write about without imagination. With censorship, there will be no books on the library shelves for children to read. If a library were to review books on the shelves, there would be no books to read because every book has something to review. Whether it's swearing, guns, killing, romance or love. There is something in every book that is not suitable for children to read. If the library were to review the books on the shelves, there would be nothing to look at, and the children's intelligence would plummet. Children read for many reasons, and they love being there to expand their minds and enter a world where books happen. But what kids may not know is that reading can also enhance vocabulary. When children read, they learn many new words from that book. When they read this book, they open their hearts to understanding more than they are used to and are around every day. When they read, children expand their minds and help them deal with everyday situations. That's why I don't think library censorship is a bad idea. If the library censors the books on the shelves and everything else, the kids in the library have nothing. They'll be stuck reading books and they won't learn anything. They will read the same book over and over and they will not learn anything new. There won't be anything to expand the minds there. It's something we definitely don't want for our community or anywhere
You don't want your kids to pick up this horrible book from the shelf and move it because they see what you're doing and they don't want to do it so you can do it when they're not there yeah I'm sure someone some materials.
Have you ever picked up a piece of material in the library that offended you? Would you like your child to read, watch or hear something that offends them? I don't think any parent wants that. Think about it, how can a child have access to something like this? Are you looking everywhere or are the kids looking for it? Every child in @LOCATION1 is not protected from bad material. Most of the time after school, the kids stay at home doing chores instead of going out. In their house, they have access to TV, computer and music. They thought, why go out when I have all this stuff in there? Let’s be honest, kids hear a lot of harmful stuff from anywhere and everywhere. Nothing is censored like it used to be. Now no one cares if the material is objectionable, as long as they sell it. This is simply not the way it should be and everyone should want the best for children and teens. People want to know why they are violent, bad attitudes, criminals, etc, because of all the stuff we have access to. Schools can help prevent this problem by removing objectionable material from library shelves. Sadly, there is this material in schools, but that's how it is with today's generation. In a library, only certain things should be done. Read, use the computer, work at the dinner table. Kids shouldn't be able to play games on the computer, or listen to music with bad words, or maybe pick up a dirty magazine. Libraries should be places to study, work and read. If they are less aggressive in a school setting, then this is a step towards addressing that. Censorship is needed everywhere, this will help a lot
The common phrase "knowledge is power" accurately describes the current situation. Through library scrutiny, designed to allow free access to all media-related material, we deprive people of the opportunity to empower themselves through knowledge. Libraries do not censor media for a number of reasons, including but not limited to the unconstitutional nature of censorship, the lack of a proper definition of "offensive", and the inconsistency of censorship to the very core of libraries. The first and most blatant reason for not allowing censorship of library materials is the unconstitutional nature of the matter. Both freedom of speech and freedom of the press are protected by our founding constitution. A review of the above material would effectively undermine both rights. Writers, illustrators, journalists, and others who write heavily about library materials are exercising their right to free speech through their work. What they say is protected by the Constitution. Note that @CAPS1 has free speech rights, not free speech rights, as long as no one is offended. Press freedom is their means of sharing their ideas and concepts with the world. They are exploiting their free speech through the media. Reviewing library materials will limit the ways in which artists can share ideas with the citizens of @LOCATION1. This is a clear failure to uphold civil rights. Therefore, we cannot review the library. The constitutional concept of human equality also applies in this case. "Offensive" doesn't have an adequate legal definition. People can be offended by something as serious as a personal attack on their beliefs and personal entities, or something as minor as a personal distaste for certain mindsets and ideas. So, because all are equal, we must respect the "offensive" taken by all to all degrees. This leaves every piece of art, be it a book, film, magazine, or any other form offered by the library, vulnerable to aggressive capricious definitions and to each person's personal feelings. If an individual's above-mentioned offense to a work can mark the work as "offensive" so that it can be removed from the library, then we are in effect allowing citizens to undermine the rights of other citizens. This is not allowed in our library. The last core question is the nature of censorship versus the nature of libraries. Censorship aims to create a politically correct and non-offensive environment by limiting access to material. The purpose of the library, however, is to give the public access to works that extend and challenge the knowledge, beliefs, ideas and all ideas that people hold through the work of others. Censorship cannot be implemented without conflicting with the very nature of the library's purpose. With censorship, libraries can't provide new information if others don't like what's being taught. If someone is offended by the way the extension happens, the library cannot offer works that challenge and extend one's beliefs. If someone does not like the truth, then preconceived notions cannot be defeated in the presence of factual knowledge. In all of these, and more, the core idea and purpose of the library cannot be maintained by introducing censorship. All in all, we can see that censorship can only hope to break the complied system library. The constitutional rights of citizens will be violated, the fickle nature of human beings and the lack of a definition of "aggressiveness" will allow people to undermine the rights of others, and the very nature of libraries will be ravaged. As @CAPS1 we cannot use censorship
I think kids should be able to read what they can't. Children should never be told that they shouldn't get into trouble. Plus, your kids won't find a bad book at school. Why kids shouldn't gag watching and reading stuff they won't. This is how we learn and grow. unless it's adult content. Witches make laws for them. Haha our kids' minds shouldn't be wasted on things they wouldn't read in any way. When the child starts to hate his or her job. it started a series of hate school and the books in it
I don't think certain material in books, music, movies and magazines should be taken off the shelves because I think everyone has the right to say what they want, but I do think certain content in books, movies and magazines is appropriate for high school Raw music is not suitable for elementary school students. Some things are really offensive to elementary students, but not to high school students, depending on what they're reading, watching, and hearing. I've never read anything offensive in any book before, but I've experienced some in the music I've listened to. I didn't say anything, I just didn't think anyone should have written this song I'm listening to, and I don't think it's going to be really that bad. Most of the rap music I've heard is so offensive that I don't think it should even be written about. But I still think everyone has the right to say what they want to say
We all have books we love and some books we don't like @MONTH1. Have you ever walked into a library hoping to find a favorite book you almost forgot, or maybe a book recommended to you by a friend? What happens when you get there and the book is censored? Most of the books we see in a public library or school library are popular or loved by many people. Books open up a new world for everyone and should not be taken away. First, I'll explain some problems in our library. Some people believe that our library books and magazines should be censored and removed from the shelves because it might offend some people because of racism or comments. This is a big problem because most books written years ago were written a long time ago e.g. @PERSON1, @MONTH1 is considered offensive, however, this book gives us a glimpse of what happened during this time, Without it, some people will never know what happened, and we cannot learn from these mistakes and make better choices in the future. Some of the reviewed books have great educational value. Everyone loves books and what some people say should be taken because they think others @MONTH1 don't. If all the bad or offensive books were taken off the shelves, then in the end we would have no books. No matter how horrible @MONTH1 is, we all have the right to read any book out there, plus you can go to church and read even worse things censored in our library. If we can't read some books like many classics, the educational value will disappear from all of us. Think about all the books we've read and learned from that have the potential to be censored. Before someone starts reading a book, they should read the information section on the back to understand what's in it, and then start reading something that doesn't work for them. I believe that no book should be censored and should have the freedom to sit on the shelf for anyone who wants to read it. Being censored doesn't protect anyone, it just makes things worse. If someone feels offended then they shouldn't read it, it's their choice whether to read it or not. Hope I've convinced you that no book should be censored and everyone has the right to read what they want
Killing, murder and gay books can all offend one person or another, but that doesn't mean they should be taken away. It's like saying I'm offended by homework, take it out of @ORGANIZATION2. In my opinion, some of the most interesting books are about murder. I believe they shouldn't be taken out or no teens would be reading in @ORGANIZATION1. Teenagers love mystery and romance. I know one of my favorite books, @CAPS1 @CAPS2, will offend some people because it has murder in it. That certainly doesn't mean it's not a good and interesting book for me. They can just read these books and then pick another one. If you want to interest your @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 students, you shouldn't come up with books that might offend others. By pulling out some books, not everyone will be happy. Some kids might even stop reading because you got the best book from the library. Every book offends someone in one way or another. They just need to ignore those books and read different ones. I saw some books in @ORGANIZATION2 that offended me, but I didn't tell the librarian to take them out of @ORGANIZATION2. Another student might enjoy reading that book. Everyone has a different opinion, so if they take out all the offensive books, there won't be any left. The only books left are @PERSON1, @CAPS3 and children's books. I don't know of any @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 students who want to read @PERSON1 and @CAPS3 and speak about it in class. I don't know how teachers can do book reports anymore; all the books we read in class can offend someone. If everything that offends someone is taken out of school, @ORGANIZATION2 will have nothing. Seeing that everyone has a different opinion on everything. That's not right. In conclusion, offending books should not be taken out of schools and libraries. They allow @ORGANIZATION2 students to read and grow. Without these books, I myself would not enjoy reading. So let's be mature adults and put all the books on the shelf and ignore the ones that offend us
Censoring any type of media from a library, such as books, magazines, movies or music, is not right. Libraries are a wealth of information, a public place where people seek knowledge. When you find something offensive, you shouldn't hide it as if it never existed. If any medium is offensive, it should be up to the person looking for the information to choose whether to use it. When someone (such as a child) has something offensive, the first thing that comes to mind is to take it from the library or the TV. Instead, just explain what it's looking at and they'll eventually understand why it's objectionable, but how does anyone know what's objectionable? Just because one or two people find something offensive doesn't mean it's right to take it away. It should be up to the crowd on the topic to discuss or discuss and then decide if it should be taken down for offense. If there are books or magazines on the shelf and it might be offensive, a decision should be made to take it off the shelf rather than hide it from the people surrounding that type of information.
Is offensive material offensive to everyone? Does everyone find the same material offensive? Who says what is offensive or not? Offensive material can be anything anyone wants to think of. The kids will see this material no matter what, whether we take it or not. Offensive material, such as cursing or anger, is a form of expressing and releasing stress. Such things can also show anger, hatred, and frustration. Regardless, kids will see and hear objectionable things. Even now, parents try to hide these things from their children. It made them curious. They will do anything to understand it. Objectionable things are part of everyday life. The more you hide, the more your child will find it. In movies, books, and music, it's a form of expression. It releases stress, anger and shows that, so @CAPS1 is a true portrayal of what's going on. One can't imagine someone in the book being really angry,'...she said in grief and anger, 'You are wrong! You don't know what you did! '...' You can't show foreshadowing, and you can't show anger. You can't see how a character really feels. For example, '...she said sadly and angrily, 'You are wrong! You will parish! You don't know what you did! Death will come! '...' @CAPS1, you know how the writer will play the story and how the characters really feel. You can see the precursors. The author may be saying that a good man dies and he goes to stop evil, or a wicked man dies and people get revenge on him. In this way, this can show anger. Some will find this example offensive or inappropriate. Calling me is no offense. However, they show how the character, writer or singer feels when they write, without stating it. Offensive material can also be sad. This amplifies the story by showing that someone was hurt by what happened. Make readers, observers, or listeners expect more, want more. So readers, viewers or listeners will wait more and wait for music, books or movies. It developed an interest in materials. Only certain people can agree on something offensive. Such as family, friends or a group of close people. However, it applies to foreboding, interest, anger, sadness, and sometimes passion. Your kids will see it if they really want to. So why get rid of what they're going to see anyway? Something that interests them and makes them want to read more, watch or make movies, listen or make music. Why is there something that is, yes, offensive to some, but grabs the boost and keeps something
Do you think something should be taken off the shelf just because it offends someone or you don't like it? I don't just because you don't like something, or you don't approve of reading material, it means it should be taken away. If so @DATE1 won't have any reading material or books or magazines. In my opinion, if it offends you in some way, please don't read it. Flat and simple. Because I'm sure there are thousands of books, magazines, news papers out there. Wait, that's what annoys a lot of people every day. I have no intention of being harsh in any way, that's how I feel. This is just my opinion. How I feel about this situation.
Have you ever wondered why teens change every day? Sometimes parents don't pay attention to why this happens because they think their kids are messing around, or because they need more freedom, or even because they need more time. Over time, they stop and think about what happened to my kids and why did they change so much? But they don't know why we do that. You have to stop it because we are changing because of what we see in magazines, movies, books, and music; sometimes music has offensive words that we learn. But music, books, magazines, and movies are fine too, if they aren't offensive or bad. Sometimes they affect us in good ways, but most of the time they affect us in bad ways because we learn bad things. Sometimes young children read books with bad words and offensive text. I remember when my friend @NUM1 and I started reading books with offensive words and her mom got mad at her. After that, she started insulting her mother, calling her name, and her mother felt bad, but she didn't know why her daughter was acting badly. The next day I went to their house and I told her mom she was reading bad books and watching movies with offensive words and I told her mom where she hid all the books and movies. I was there when she got home and her mom had all the books and movies in her hand and she looked at me and she told me I was a bad friend because I told her mom I started crying because she Made me feel bad, but she didn't know I was doing it for her own good. Before I moved to @LOCATION1 she went to my house and she said "I'm sorry for treating you like that" and I told her I did it because I loved her because she grew up like my sister. We started crying ; now we are still best friends. Little kids these days are now all because of what they see and what they see. You can help us by reading all the bad and offensive words in books, movies and magazines. Help us be the important people in our lives.
Well, some books can be really offensive, some magazines can be terrible, like a sports magazine I read that talked about some athletes and their accidents. Like a post talking about @PERSON1 playing basketball, he has a stomach flu and he has a hard time playing because he has to go to the bathroom a lot. I mean, who wants the world to know that they go to the toilet to themselves". That sucks! And one more thing, why are there sexual things in the books in the library. There are a few books that are pre-ordered here. It also has a lot of curses I like it but I think it should be removed from the library. Because the kids out there aren't grown up, they shouldn't be reading them. I don't know that's what I'm going to say now, then look at yours What your child is reading these days you might be angry
Catherine said that if everyone had the right to take a book off the shelf, there would be no books left. I think what she's saying is a book that a lot of people think is inappropriate, but that book might be appropriate in another person's eyes. Censorship is a big deal. No one wants kids out there reading about drugs and/or violence. I have many opinions on this issue. First, I'll explain why I think these books, movies, or anything should be taken off the shelves. Books, movies, magazines, etc. Inappropriate and should be removed. These books and movies are inappropriate because they contain drugs, sex, violence and many other things that children should not watch or read. I know that if I were a parent, I wouldn't want my kids to read about violent murders or gangs. Another thing about censorship is that people choose to read inappropriate books or watch inappropriate movies. As a growing kid, I didn't really care about reading, but sometimes the best books are the ones with violence. Even if @MONTH1's book is deemed inappropriate, kids should still have a say in what they're reading. This is where my next thoughts come in. You also have to consider mature children. Mature kids, reading is just a hobby, @MONTH1 If they all "take it off the shelf" there won't be any books in their style to read. This also applies to parents. If they have a book at home, kids can easily pick it up and read it there. What bookstores, libraries, and movie stores should do is age-restrict books and movies. I know there is an age limit for @CAPS1 rated movies, but I don't think there is an age limit for explicit books. They may even receive a letter or a note with parental attention so children can get their hands on a book or magazine. Maybe parents should even come in and get books or movies for their kids. Libraries, bookstores or movie stores could also easily put a warning on the side of the cover to indicate that this book @MONTH1 is not for some people. Children read content to at most two people: the child and the parent. If parents don't care that their kids are reading or watching inappropriate movies, that should be fine. So I think in order to stop the buying and selling of books, there must be a choice to get inappropriate books. I feel like even though @MONTH1's material is clear, kids, with their parents' attention, should have the option to check out or buy anything. After all, @MONTH1 this book is about violence, drugs, or sex, but kids are still reading it, which is always good
I do agree with the topic that some of the material displayed on the shelves of our local library is inappropriate, sometimes even valgar. In this day and age, @MONTH1 people also get away with too many things. The society we live in is nothing but a total destruction and a total, total disaster. Something must be done to end this madness. One would think that if a librarian puts an inappropriate book on himself, @CAPS1 is inevitable that kids or irresponsible people will find the book. However, we still see children reading or watching books, media types or entertainment activities that are not appropriate for their age group. Sometimes adults think books are ugly, so why put them on display on their own? This is a problem I haven't found a solution to yet. I came home from school a few days ago and heard hip-hop music coming from my nine-year-old sister's room. I started listening to the lyrics and they were terrible, @CAPS1 was singing about drugs, sex and alcohol. I walked into her room, turned off @CAPS1, and asked where she got @ORGANIZATION1. She replied "Library". This is just another example of what I'm talking about. If nine year olds can check out @CAPS2.D. Like this, then imagine what I could get when I was sixteen. Adolescence does not need the ideas and words in those vocabulary. I'm just worried about the next generation; what will they listen to? What are they going to read? @CAPS1 is not just a library, @CAPS1 is everywhere! In this society, we can't even live a day without hearing bad news on the radio, on TV, or even in public. Everywhere we go is bad or wag. So we need to think about ourselves and our children and try to clean up our behavior a little bit. We need to stick to what is appropriate and what is right
I don't think we should remove any books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from our library for any number of reasons. This is the real world and what you read or watch in the movie @MONTH1 is what you don't want your kids to read or even see. Life is all about learning new things. To understand these ideas, you usually read or see them somewhere. The only way I can remove any of these items from the store is if they seriously hurt people or negatively affect them. If I walked into a public library and saw a book about a girl cutting herself or someone killing another, I'd be the kind of person who would turn away; even think that's what many kids are reading today . Roughly speaking, every library has books covering a variety of topics. If you're a parent worried that your kids will read this stuff, welcome to life. There is a real story behind most books and I believe everyone needs to know about this kind of stuff at some point in their life. Most of what we learn today comes from the books we read. Besides, everyone listens to music today. We've found music to be a way to relax and have a good time, whether you're riding a bike or going to a party. Many of today's songs contain vulgar language and have sexual connotations, but that doesn't mean you have to listen to them. Many older people don't want to listen to these kinds of songs, but many kids do now. But what a lot of people don't see is that there's a real meaning behind these songs, it's really a way of life. Finally, I don't think magazines, movies, and any other type of media should be removed from the library. Many people use magazines as a way to relax and read about the latest fashion or their favorite athletes. We also watch movies to relax and have a good laugh every now and then. No one should remove these sources of entertainment from our staff, even if some @MONTH1 find them inappropriate. I am a firm believer that moving any book, magazine, movie, music or any other type of media will negatively affect a lot of people. You will eliminate people's sources of entertainment and ways of learning. How would you feel if you went to your local library one day and most, if not all, of the materials were taken away? What will you do if you no longer have the materials
I believe in that book that none of us have read. It shouldn't be on any bookstore shelf, and I don't think any child should have the right to read it if they do read it when they grow up. Also, some music on the shelves should be removed from all stores. Children under the age of @NUM1 shouldn't have any way to get some of this r-rated music centrain music shouldn't be on a shelf for little kids to pick up. So now let's take a look at the movies that are playing in these shows. Kids under @NUM1 should not be able to see half of the stuff and movies that are being shown because no kid should have access to what they are most likely to be exposed to when they grow up. It's another way that young kids are doing half of what they do, and the people who make certain movies need to think about how kids are going to treat the movies they make. Most magazines sold today are giving kids the wrong idea. When the magazines were full of him saying she said the children of the world do nothing, they thought it was to give the kids the wrong message. And I know you're wondering how real kids these days listen to what they think is right, and half of these magazines make things sound so real.
When you want our staff to get into Porto correctly, I think we got the job booked right from Mexico. I love the time to read when my last happens. a lot of people like riading to bookes how much people go bootseto and i finallyes so you correct me OO MAS informsos rightes yes the book will scorred faeni and school books if s convention is let us from contesI racmios becaese structure helps bfente yes helpo a lot of people watching a show or party that they especially like and when it finally happens with people i really book.....when i go to school i'm not riadin nati so i go to my room you so i riadin i like a book i go i have my riadin book so when i am on vacation i peck and drag the book so riadin in baocho.... back to school i like the book riadin my last you like the book yes why good riadin i finally read to my he to riadin a book like to mach riadin ....
No, I as @CAPS1 cetazine don't think any material should be removed. There are many reasons why I feel this way, and I hope people will agree with me after reading this. The following three points support my point, which I plan to list below. First off, it's @LOCATION1 for most people. @LOCATION1 should be the land of the free and the home of the brave, or at least that's what the national anthem tells me. So to me, if someone removes a book or a movie from the library because they find it offensive, they are trying to take away one of my rights as a @CAPS1 cetacine. Their right to me is the right to liberty. I should be free to walk into the library and pick up any book I want. I should be free to go to a movie store and find and rent any movie off the shelf. If they put a movie or a book aside, if I can't, then they're disrupting my freedom, something I can't stand @CAPS1. I should be free to read or watch what I choose. This brings me to the next point. This point is simple and logical. My second point is that people can choose to read or watch movies. Just because it's there doesn't mean they have to read it or watch it. If someone doesn't like a book that's good for them, don't read it. If someone doesn't like a movie that's good for them, don't watch it. In my opinion, if someone doesn't like the book or movie said, it's simple, just leave it alone and don't mess with it. They shouldn't have the right to ruin it for other people. Just because one or two or even twenty people find a book objectionable, doesn't mean they have the right to remove it. @MONTH1 5 million other people love this book so why ruin everyone to make a few happy. They do have the right to say no and don't watch the movie, but they don't have the right to say I can't. In the end, people say the book or movie should be removed because kids might get it and it's not kid-friendly. Well, I have to say, it's the parent's job to make sure kids aren't reading or watching things they shouldn't. If my child gets a supposedly terrible book, it's the parent's job to tell them to put it back. People have no right to remove said book or movie entirely just because a child might get it. So I have my own opinion on this little thing. I don't think libraries should be censored. I feel like we all have the right to make our own decisions and we have the right to read or watch whatever we choose. It's not fair to pick up on a book just because a few people don't like it. Hundreds of people will probably like it, and like I said before, if someone doesn't like a movie or book, then don't read or watch it. But don't ruin it for others.
Many people have different views on different types of things. Nothing can help. No one can ever make everyone happy. That's an important part of life. I don't think they should remove them from the library just because some people find them objectionable. You can't make everyone happy, some people like the material, and everyone is entitled to their opinion. The number one reason they shouldn't remove objectionable material from the library is because doing so won't make everyone happy. Just because some people are offended by something, doesn't mean everyone does it. If they don't like it, they don't have to read it or listen to it. They have a library so you can pick and choose your favorite books (and other materials). You have a choice there. There are many books in libraries all over the world. People go crazy whether they are there or not. Have you heard "@CAPS1' don't judge a book by its cover?" @CAPS2, and that's probably why people want material removed as well. They might see a "suggestive" cover or something that they might be totally offended by. Just because a book's cover might turn people off on it doesn't mean they should remove it. The second reason objectionable material shouldn't be removed is because it's funny to some people. It's in the library for a reason, and that reason is because some people like it. If a book or magazine was never borrowed, do you think they would keep it? No. I'm pretty sure they would have gotten rid of it if it had never been checked. Obviously, someone has to read, listen or watch. People are offended by things every day. Removing "offensive" material from the library doesn't do much to solve the problem. @MONTH1 helps a bit, but there are still people who are so easily offended. The third reason they should keep material is because everyone has a right to their opinion. Just because some people find objectionable material in a library doesn't mean others have it too. For some, taking away something like this is like putting school kids in school uniforms. It takes away liberty. We live in @LOCATION1. @LOCATION1 should be a free country. It really isn't a free country when people take away books and movies for offending people. I have news for you. If you @CAPS1 don't like it, @CAPS1 won't read it. There is absolutely no harm in having the material on the shelf. No matter what, there will always be someone who gets mad at something. The world is not perfect and will never be perfect. Taking material off the shelves because it's offensive to some people doesn't make the world a better place. People get angry or angry no matter what happens
Some books are offensive, but not all. Some libraries have begun censoring their collections, removing titles they deem potentially objectionable. I believe libraries shouldn't have any censorship. One of the reasons I don't think libraries should be censored is that a lot of good books are lost because of it. Some libraries don't carry books by @PERSON1 because he uses curse words. They shouldn't remove the books entirely, they should just warn people about the language. The second reason I don't believe in censorship is that some books about different religions have been removed. I once saw a librarian throw away a book just because it was about @CAPS1 religion. This is a horrible act because @CAPS1 religion is a very interesting religion and many people will never know about it these days. The third reason is that they @MONTH1 ended up offending some people by deleting a book. I once heard a @CAPS3 family complain about the library because they removed a book about @CAPS3 religion. I find it disturbing because everyone deserves the books they want. Instead of censoring, I recommend that libraries separate books by subject and genre, and then post signs warning anyone who enters that section. That way everyone can get the book they want. Libraries also don't have to worry about people being offended. I believe libraries shouldn't have any censorship. Some libraries have begun reviewing their book selections, removing books they deem potentially objectionable. Some books are offensive, but not all.
People have long struggled to censor or ban material they find objectionable. @MONTH1 is how they grew up, or just what they believed. I don't believe it should be up to anyone to decide what should and shouldn't be reviewed for anyone but themselves. Everyone has a life in which we develop our personal views and beliefs about what is wrong and what is right. Throughout our lifespan, we are completely ignorant of how many people there are, and to say that everyone should be banned is almost a claim that you understand the morals, beliefs, and customs of everyone in the world. If one day I come to school with a book that contains material I think is relevant, not just pure exploitation, I should be able to read it as long as I don't influence others in my will. Suppose another student saw me reading the same book, and he grew up in a family that told him the situation and material in my book were too offensive, and I don't think he should just because of his own upbringing. There's a kind of mass agreement, but there's also something called mass ignorance, saying that I know what to show others and what not to show to other people, which is completely ignorant to me. I think the only review permission should be from parent to child. This is the only situation where someone should be allowed to have authority over others because they have an undeniable responsibility as parents to be able to say the right things because they know they are creating a child to think about what is wrong and what is right of
At jefferson'vill high school, we don't have the right to remove a book from the shelf if it doesn't fit you like a bad movie. It's like having a bad lunch, you won't eat it, so why buy a bad book or movie
Censorship is when a group of people agree that a book, song, movie or magazine is objectionable in any way. It's mostly parents and educators who find the material (such as the book) objectionable and do what they can to get the book out of the school's library. Review originally started as @CAPS3 @CAPS4 during @LOCATION3's "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". It is used to hide information from the public by keeping all records away from public use. At @LOCATION2, we are a democracy, but we still choose censorship to hide certain information from certain people. For some parents, books are educational for their children, but for others they promote homosexuality, use false language, and even show drug use. Most of these books don't try to promote these things too much, but they are only part of the story. So pretend we hide all the bad events or situations in the world from happening to our kids. They know nothing about this part of life, so what happens when they enter the real world and grow up? We can't just hide drugs from them, we can read them and teach them the harm drugs do to someone and how to avoid them. If we send our kids into this world without any knowledge of drugs, things can get out of hand. Most of these books contain things that are "harmful" to children, but they teach parents lessons that parents don't think about, they only think about what's written on paper, not the moral whole that the story brings to the child lesson. If a story has the wrong language, our children will ask us what the words mean and we will tell them not to use them and what they mean so the child knows not to repeat them. If not, they can go to school and another kid will tell your kid to say these things and your kid (don't know what the word means) will go out and say it and get jailed or even suspended. Personally, I do not want my child to be detained or suspended. Censorship is a growing problem in @LOCATION1. It can do good things like hide the actual sexual interaction from the child, which should be hidden from the child anyway. Censorship can also do the bad things I discussed earlier, which can do more harm than good to kids. When you ask what you think about sensors, always remember what is best for your child, knowledge is always better than ignorance
Going to the library is one of the best ways to discover new things. However, some programs are not for everyone. Certain books, movies, magazines and music should not be accessible to everyone. Having an adults-only section would be one way to address this. There would be no benefit to removing certain materials from the library. The library should provide any popular material. Many bestsellers are wrong for kids but totally fine for adults. That doesn't mean the books need to be taken out of the library. However, children should be restricted from viewing explicit material. Having a section in the library where only adults can rent items could solve this problem. People under @NUM1 should also be restricted from viewing these materials. Having a children's section in the library also keeps them away from adult materials. Libraries need to make themselves user friendly. People who go to the library often pick up a book and don't know what's inside. When there is inappropriate material in it, children may naively read or see things they shouldn't. Parents don't have to worry about their children seeing inappropriate pictures or text. Let their children flip through all the books in the library, they should feel safe. Library staff should also ensure that adult materials remain in adult hands. Making children and their parents feel safe and welcome is an important part of the library. Taking adult material out of the library is not a good idea. It will reduce its popularity. Everyone has different interests and they want to study them in the library. The safety of children is also important. Ensuring that children do not have access to these materials is an issue. There are separate sections for adults and children to address this. Not allowing anyone under @NUM1 to view explicit material would also help. Keeping the library full of information but still safe for children is the ideal situation
I believe not all books should be banned, but some should be banned. For example, they have a lot of good books that are banned because @MONTH1 has a little bit of swearing, but I'm sure it's ok, I mean it might be worse if the kid doesn't hear the same open his @CAPS1. However, if a book talks about something, it should be banned, such as hatred of other races, or if it has a negative view of someone's religion. For example, I read a very famous book, @CAPS2 by @PERSON3 by @PERSON4. This is a really good book, but for some reason it's banned in my @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 so I can't check it out. I had to go to @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to get it. I don't understand what's wrong with @PERSON3's @CAPS2 to get banned by @ORGANIZATION2. The book @MONTH1 talks about a naughty young man on the run, doing a lot of different crazy activities, even smoking a cigarette, but it's no worse than what we exposed on @CAPS1. If I were the admin of @ORGANIZATION1, I'd look at the meaning behind the book and what it's trying to say. For example, if a book offends someone, like a book written by @PERSON1, it shouldn't be published aloud on the shelf. But if this is a book about what @CAPS7 @CAPS8 and @ORGANIZATION3 think about slavery, then no problem. Because @PERSON2's book is more annoying than anything, like promoting @PERSON2, which is wrong. But the book about what @CAPS7 @CAPS8 and @ORGANIZATION3 think about slavery is part of our history, it shows how we think about time differently, we don't really know if they are right or wrong, that's what they believe Yes . So the point I want to make in this post is, don't hate a book because maybe the language in it or the events in it @MONTH1 are not what you agree with, it's the information it's trying to judge the book Express. Hope you will agree with me. However, if a book talks about something, it should be banned, such as hatred of other races, or if it has a negative view of someone's religion. I've expressed my opinion on this issue and I hope you agree with me and maybe convince @ORGANIZATION1 that they need to take a fresh look at what books we have on our shelves and what we take off them Book.
Wherever you go these days, you'll see violence in every store around the world. Children who grow up in the world are our future and they see a negative output. Lots of kids and young people thrive on the objectionable material posted in the world. I think offensive stuff should be taken off the shelves. And sold in stores for adults 21 and older. If people are selling objectionable things in stores, if it allows teens to buy these products, then we're just doing ourselves a disservice. I was just in a bookstore the other day and I came across a magazine that was inappropriate. I thought to myself, how can they sell this type of magazine. Music, movies and magazines shouldn't even be sold in a bookstore, that's why it's called a bookstore. It's not called a movie or music or magazine store, they call it a bookstore for a reason. If students read books or listen to objectionable music, they will grow up thinking it's okay. Also treating someone differently in this way because of who they are or what they stand for. I'm not saying take all the books out of the store, just take the ones that are offensive and have a 21 or over sign. So kids don't end up getting the book and learning what they shouldn't. When I was young, I used to go to the bookstore with my mother. I would pick up any book and start trying to read it. Many times my mom would take the book from me. Because it was offensive, I didn't know I was just a kid at the time. In today's society, kids are growing faster than they really need, which is not a good thing. Children should be able to be children and read children's books. I guess it doesn't matter for kids in middle and high school. Because those kids don't like reading at all. The children we take care of are elementary school children. Because those kids actually want to learn how to read. If we put a book on drugs on the shelf, those kids will read it. Those kids will learn about it and be curious about how the drug affects you. In the end, it doesn't matter what I say because people will keep making books. Types of books at any time are based on how much money they can make. Either negative or positive books. The company wants to make money, and the author wants to make money too.
There are many different topics that can be objectionable, @CAPS5 is just up to the individual's personal judgment. In my opinion, I don't think the material should be removed because not everyone has the same views or opinions. If someone is from a different country or once had a different religion, opinions on topics like abortion and racism can be very different. I think having a variety of topics will help expand different ideas and make readers of the material see things differently. When I grow up, I'll worry if one of my little kids is going home with a book about abortion. Honestly though, I don't believe schools allow young children to read inappropriate topics. @CAPS5 is a little different than @CAPS1 @CAPS2 students. Their maturity level will be mature enough to handle this material, and I don't think @CAPS5 is for schools to remove stuff that can really help someone. In the book "A @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5" a lot of detailed events happened. Some might argue that @CAPS5 is too visual for children, but the reality of @CAPS5 is that events like this happen in today's society. @CAPS5 really opened my eyes and I'm so glad I read @CAPS5. This realization actually made me want to help children who grew up in the families described in the book. I believe @CAPS5 has the same effect on others, and some kids may even grow up helping others in that dire situation. Libraries should be able to hold a variety of different books. However, I'm not saying they should have books about murder and saying that @CAPS5 is fine, but these books will help expand kids' minds. @CAPS5 could even change their lives. Some books are sensitive topics, but who has the right to tell someone what they should believe? @CAPS5 means more to someone if they find their way and their beliefs and then having people tell them what they should and shouldn't do or believe. I also read a recent book titled "@CAPS6", @CAPS5 is about the ability of the government to grant your child @CAPS6 and then hand over body parts to those in need. @CAPS5 is a bit cruel in a way, but the theme the author is trying to convey is not. A quote from the book reads, "On the one hand, people kill abortion doctors for the right to life, and on the other hand, people get pregnant just to sell their fetal tissue." @CAPS5 points out that wherever you go, people will disagree and agree on things, but not everyone will believe the same things. @CAPS5 shows that just because one thinks one way is right doesn't mean the other way. This book has changed my perspective on many different topics and has helped open my eyes to different perspectives. Racism, abortion, @CAPS3 abuse, letting your kids relax, whatever @MONTH1 is, some will support @CAPS5, some won't. I think @CAPS5 is the time for kids around the world to discover for themselves what they really believe, and getting "offensive" material from the @CAPS2 library won't help. My take on this topic is to strongly advise disregarding the material, because to publish a book on @CAPS5 the author must have a reason to write @CAPS5, and honestly, for the future generation of kids, what is better in their own based on true belief
There has always been someone offended by some media from the start. Books, movies and music have been the main focus of this debate. There has been such a heated debate that it has gone to court! Dissatisfaction with the media led to some censorship of the material. I believe the media should not have censorship. I think some books, movies, and other media materials may offend a person or group of people. That's why they should put a label on the back of these products or at least have instructions explaining what might cause someone to be upset about it. If something is deemed too vulgar for the public, then they should put it in a more secluded place, but not take it off the shelves. I disagree that media material should be taken down for being offensive. Media is all about someone expressing freely and trying to share it with the world. There are about NUM1 billion people in the world, and at least one of them will definitely enjoy the same type of media as you. A good example of a media material that is challenged every day around the world is a book called the Bible. The Bible is considered one of the oldest books in the world and is still in print. People of different religions sometimes find the Bible printed religious books there to be objectionable, and there is always a great deal of controversy. All these movies and books are great because they are different and free! The world needs people who challenge ideas and religions. Everyone in the world is unique, and I think everyone can put their opinion out there for others to find so they can have a new perspective on the subject, or at least think about it. Society has placed parental advisory warnings on CDs, rated movies and marked books as challenged. All of this limits the public's search for new ideas to compare and form opinions on. I believe in freedom of thought because it is the most precious resource we have and it sets us apart. Free the media and make men, women and children from all over the world unique and wonderful! Censorship will be challenged for years to come and I will help to challenge it and make everyone free and happy
Books, music, movies and magazines in the library should be suitable materials. But in some cases it's okay to have some offensive literature because people can learn from it. But there is an age limit to inspect these items. So I do believe we should put offensive literature on the shelf. There needs to be a certain amount of stuff we leave on the shelf. Books, books, and more books, there are many books and many other kinds of literature in libraries today. The library is a quiet place, and for some people it's boring. So like me, when I go into the library, I look at books or maginzes that are really interesting to me. Although they @MONTH1 seem funny to me, others @MONTH1 find them offensive. Like it could be a comic book, I said something that I offended. Libraries cannot please everyone who walks through the door. Just because someone doesn't like the offensive stuff in it doesn't mean they have to take it out. Because maybe someone likes books or magazines as much as I do. Objection is everywhere in the world, so you can't hide from it everywhere. I believe keeping objectionable literary material on the shelf is a great option. I think there is a good reason to keep offensive material in the library @MONTH1, and that is to learn. Like I said before, @MONTH1 is offensive to some but not to others. So some people may want to know something offensive. @MONTH1, they never know what's on the books. They @MONTH1 also never know what's in these books unless they put them on the shelf. They need a section for offensive books, magazines, music and movies. If something is objectionable, put it on a shelf, and they have to be @NUM1 years old to check if it's on that shelf. Yes, @MONTH1 is a depravity to put objectionable stuff in the library. But you can't hide from it all your life. So made up my mind to get out there and go to the library to learn about it. You can pick up a book to learn about it and how to deal with it. It's just part of a live broadcast and there's objectionable material all over the place. You cannot be sheltered for the rest of your life. So in my biggest opinion, I do believe that we should keep this objectionable material in the library, it could be a learning experience
I disagree because young children should not be exposed to certain offensive books. However, I don't think books should be removed or reviewed in the library. Because they'll wash some bad things separately, they'll be a bad idea
I think library censorship should be relevant. For example, I think if someone wants to view an adult book, they should be required to show their ID at their desk. Many kids take advantage of this by renting books and games that they know their parents will never allow. The library system should be a simple arrangement of the public library system. Private libraries are free to choose and are not bound by any state law. Public libraries, on the other hand, are bound by state and city laws and they shouldn't display adult objects to children. For example, in many libraries around @CAPS1.S, all books called manga or anime books show partial nudity and other graphic content that is not suitable for young children, but are only rated @NUM1+. I think there could be many changes to the library system, if you want to change them it's your choice
I don't think library material should be censored. If parents don't want their children to read or hear inappropriate things, they should pay more attention to what they're doing. If parents monitor their children more closely, they will be able to control what they are doing. The kids also have a lot of bad stuff to read, watch and listen to outside. Parents need to be better at teaching their children what they can and should see, read or listen to. Unless you're looking for something inappropriate, you usually won't find something inappropriate when you go to the library. It's easy to tell what's good and what's bad. Most of the time in libraries, more esoteric books and magazines are kept separate from children's books. To me, this is the way all libraries should be. In all the time I've been to the library, I've never stumbled across something inappropriate. A library is a place for people of all ages, and it shouldn't be limited to just one age group. More people would be upset if libraries were censored. The same is true if a store stops selling your favorite product because one person doesn't like it. If the library is censored, many adults probably won't go. The library will be a place for mostly children. Most kids don't even go to the library, so they'd be practically useless. In all my years, I've never heard of someone deeply offended by something in a library. Whether it's in magazines, in the news, or in the words of Muft, I've never seen a complaint. Most parents do a good job of monitoring what their children watch or read. Those parents shouldn't be deprived of the privilege of seeing more adult-rated things if they wanted to. Just because one parent is irresponsibly spying on their child doesn't mean all parents should be punished. The library is a place for people of all ages. Therefore, libraries should keep materials for people of all ages, not just children. The bottom line is that if people don't want their children to see inappropriate things, they should do a better job of monitoring them. They should also teach them what is acceptable and what is not.
It's not fair to review books in libraries because some people don't like them and think they're offensive. A good library is diverse and has something for everyone from different backgrounds to enjoy. Compromise is not as difficult as some people actually think. Simply regulating books and other products by setting age limits based on book content and maturity would be a great alternative to actually reviewing the books themselves. Take authors like @PERSON1 for example. The subject matter and rude language contained in his book would clearly not be acceptable to most young people. That being said, censoring book language doesn't help either. If a young person is capable of reading a book like @PERSON1, then they can deduce the material being said with no problem, and the ideas in the writing will come to fruition. Another fact is that completely removing mature level books from the library is not a viable solution either. If you take away product diversity, you also lose customer diversity. Consider, for example, a movie store. If the only movies on sale were @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, there would be a lot less people wanting to go to that store because then it would become a kids store. Even censoring a movie won't work because you take away the art of having an unfiltered movie. So my simple solution is obvious. Movies are rated based on maturity content, so why shouldn't it be pre-ordered. Books with more controversial content should not be placed on the shelf next to books for younger readers, and they should have a label that the particular book @MONTH1 contains material inappropriate for people under a certain age. It's perfectly fine for people to try to censor entertainment and consider their loved one's best interests, but you can't blindfold them forever. We are all on the same planet, and we have all arrived at the age of reality.
I believe if you get people to take things off the shelf they don't like, then there's nothing left. I appreciate this because there are a lot of parents who don't want their little ones to see or hear it. That's because they can be affected by doing the wrong thing and get into trouble because of it. Then you have parents who don't care what their kids are doing as long as they raise them alone. Then you have some other very overprotected. Yes, I think some things should be taken off the shelves because they are very explanatory. They are because they are talking about drugs and alcohol and trying to get young kids to try and get addicted. That's why they can get more money out of it, and those kids end up being heard or dying because of it. What some businesses try to do is make money from young people because they make the bottle or can look cool. Most of the time you'll let the kids fight for it, but there are some kids who don't because they don't want to get stuck or deep inside. Some songs shouldn't be played because of something they say. Some people and some parents will listen to it and have kids in the car and then their kids will go to school and sing and fret about it. I think they have a lot of things that should be different, but they're not happy because the business is getting the money. They don't care how they buy it, as long as they have the money it's not the right way to look at it, you should care about the lives of people and their families. Then you have some magazines with some immature pitchers in them. They do it because they're trying to get people to buy them for one of the pitchers. They want it because it's a very pretty girl who's only worn one bathroom, or nothing at all. That's why they put it there so they can withdraw money from it. Most of the girls in it are models and they are beautiful, but sometimes there is a little boy who takes his dad to school and falls out over it. Then his partens are enbeist because they don't know he has. That's why I'm thankful that certain things shouldn't be on store shelves. You're going to have some buddies get it, but leave it out and their kids will come in and then maybe take it to school. You shouldn't leave anything that you don't want your kids set up for them to get. That's why I believe this and I'm grateful for it
Do you think potentially objectionable books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should or should not be removed? I believe they shouldn't. All kinds of people buy books or movies, and they all like different genres. Companies that make books, movies, music and magazines lose money if people can't find what they like. If they don't have the money to do everything they do, then they'll go broke. They may be unlucky with what you are looking for. All kinds of people buy what they like. What would you think if your favorite candy was taken off the shelf because it offended someone? Well, that's how they feel when this happens to them. What will be put there? Stores must have something to fill the shelves. Will they put more candy to make the world fatter? If you come across something you find offensive, don't pay attention to it. Others @MONTH1 love it like you love your favorite candy. We have many other things for you to choose from
A curious child walks into the library for the first time looking for a story to read. However, when she goes to the children's section, the books she wants are not allowed into this library because it is said to promote certain ideals to children. The child turns to her sister for help to find another book. My sister is busy looking for her own book. She went into the library, looking for answers to her questions on the topic of freedom. She couldn't find the book she wanted, and the library had reviewed it. Why should we censor libraries if we have a free press and free speech? It is wrong to censor libraries because it limits what is allowed to be read, and it takes away some of our freedom. The media can print anything and we the people read it. Will that be the next thing to be censored? A book is like a newspaper in that it is broadcasting a story to entertain the audience who is reading it. Librarians stripped of free speech through censorship. Writing is a way of expressing yourself. The authors share the expressions there through writing in the hope that they touch the lives of others and help. Whether the book is helping readers escape a terrible day or answering a question from a curious teenager. I use books every day to escape the stress of life, the "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" series keeps me busy, allows me to use my imagination and mind, and I can escape to another world and leave housework behind. Some @MONTH1 said objectionable things should be censored. In our culture, the slightest thing can now be called "offensive." How will we understand history if we never understand these "offensive" things? There will always be people who say rude things, but we should reach out to them so we can learn from them. By reviewing these programs, we will never learn, and our children will never learn about other cultures, histories, or liberal ideas. Besides reviewing the project, there is another solution. Make certain items restricted and marked in red. If certain items are restricted; that would mean allowing people over a certain age to read them. Doing so will not pollute the mind of the child, but we can still be exposed to different ideas and learn from them. If there is a system for flagging an item, this will let readers know that the item contains material that might be considered objectionable, so they don't have to expose themselves if they don't want to, but others can. This will work because the books can stay in the library and still be available, but there will be a warning system for those who don't want to be around it or have their kids around it. In conclusion, reviewing libraries is a bad idea. It robs us of our freedom of press and speech. We also make ourselves ignorant in this way. If we roll out a warning system, it's fair to everyone. 'Offensive' substances can be left in the library, but people will know ahead of time what they are being exposed to and what their children will be exposed to
I don't think any source of knowledge should be taken off the shelf in any library because some people find it objectionable. In my personal opinion, one person might find a book objectionable, while another might find it reasonable. People can't judge to say it's offensive to me, and therefore offensive to everyone who reads it. Some of the best books on our shelves are @MONTH1 Offensive Books. Some books are racist; @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 for example have some racist and sexist comments and remarks. If everyone is mad about it, the people who will run the country when I grow up are not going to read a very good book. I know all the older books will disappear and then no one will know what happened in @NUM1. There are also some @ORGANIZATION1 showing that people read books ten times worse than what people read, if you find a book objectionable, please don't read it! When I hear a book is offensive, I just want to read it. It gives the book character and makes it humorous. We can't have the same old books talking about the same old things because it gets boring after a while. Sometimes, you can even learn something about yourself from the book, which makes you wonder if I would have discovered this if I hadn't read the book. Sometimes it brings out the best in people, and that's the best part about reading a book like this. A library is a place to go and see all the books you can think of to read, and no one can take it away from people. I want my kids to have the same choices I grew up with and all the new books coming out. If you ask me, it is not right to deprive others of their choice of knowledge. This is my personal take on taking books off the shelf in public libraries.
I don't think it should be taken off the shelf just because some people are offended. @MONTH1 There are some people who don't like something, but for every few people who don't like it, there are some people who like it. For example, there may be a book that makes women look stupid, but personally it doesn't affect me, but some girls are offended for being knowledgeable. I have a friend who gets mad at movies where black people always get in trouble or die first. So if we delete all the movies that offend him, what will be left. I take offense when magazines show girls are beautiful because it makes people feel insecure about themselves. Even if I felt offended, I wouldn't ask them to remove it, because some magazines have tips that actually help people feel better about themselves, and it could cause problems if I take it from them. If something is removed from the shelf, it should be for a good reason. Like if there was a magazine that showed nudity, I would understand that they removed it so kids wouldn't see it. Some libraries remove things that can cause big problems. Maybe a newspaper talks about a catastrophe and everyone flocks to the stands to attack each other. Something like this could lead to people being hospitalized and then the library would be sued. Yes, I agree that some people will ask for this stuff to be removed, but you can't always get it. I know people will say it's unfair, but there's a saying "life isn't fair" and it's true. So the next time you hear someone wants to remove something, or the next time you want to remove something, you can refer to this. So in conclusion, things should not be deleted unless necessary. So when someone is offended, that's their problem. You can always walk away, you don't have to watch or listen.
I trust certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. They are here for a reason. People love them. Maybe some books and stuff people @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 don't find offensive. It's okay, I hate to say it isn't, but you don't have to read that book. There are many others to pick from, not necessarily the first one you pick. We talk about our entertainment, which brings us joy and many smiles. People need to understand that children are educated not only from teachers, but also through these tools. Tool is a better word for these things. It makes them meaningful. Today's kids love books, music, movies, magazines, and more. As a teenager, I can say that most of us who love music love it. It shapes our character. People don't make books and magazines so they can sit on a shelf and collect dust. They were picked up and looked at. I also have to say that some people take a subject like this seriously. Don't get me wrong, I can understand their opinions, but that doesn't mean I have to agree. Kids, both @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 have to learn in one way or another. Some of those ways are also ways that some people are trying to remove from our libraries and elsewhere. It's going to be a big fight if people want it. Just because they're not the only people on this planet. People want these tools of ours removed, and this is just the beginning. Years from now, people will want to get rid of other things, other things. It's just one after the other and it won't stop. It just shows how our communities agree and disagree with each other. Everyone has their own opinion, some good and some bad. In this case, I think I totally disagree with getting rid of tools that can improve the world as we know it.
Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, movies and magazines, should be taken off the shelf if found offensive? No, I strongly disagree. D @CAPS1 Did you know there are more than @CAPS5 stations? Well, @CAPS3 you did. Not just @CAPS5 people should be able to speak for everyone. I love all types of music and books. @CAPS4 Pretty much my life. All I know is that when I'm offended by a song, I change @CAPS4. I put @CAPS4 down when I read a book I don't like. @CAPS4 It's not your job to do my decision. I live my life and personally think you should live yours too. Books, movies, plays, games, magazines, all for our entertainment. If they start taking off the shelves for vulgar stuff and offending stuff, then why do we have free speech? Those offended need to drop anything @CAPS4 and move on. Just because a few people are offended by the everyday things people use to amuse, doesn't mean they need to be taken away. Writers and directors spend months and even years making movies and writing books just to please us and gain a sense of accomplishment. If they start taking them off our shelves and big screens, people will lose their jobs. See for example @PERSON2 @ORGANIZATION1. It's easy to offend a person, but these are great pieces. I'm personally the type of person who reads suspenseful books that keep me on the edge of my seat. People love books they can relate to, and some people can relate to books that are "offensive". I, myself, read a book about drugs and violence related to me, and @CAPS4 helped me, @CAPS4 made me realize that's not always the right thing to do. I think people need to realize that all those books, movies, magazines and all that "offend" them are reality. No matter where you go, what you do, what you throw away, or what you put in your home, your kids, parents, friends, everyone will see @CAPS4 at some point in their lives. Violence and drugs are seen every day. More offending things will always be there. If all of these things are offensive to some people, they need a reality check. Books like this can influence children to want to go in the right direction. They read a book or watch a movie in jail with a drug addict and they're like, '@CAPS2, I'm never going to go there. @CAPS3, I can't say this applies to all kids in this world, but you get what I'm trying to say. If @CAPS4 parents are concerned that their kids will be involved in this sort of thing, please be my guest and remove @CAPS4 from your family, but not from everyone, not from those who like @CAPS4 . I am a firm believer that people know right from wrong, so why not grow up and do the right thing? Those offensive books, movies and magazines are interesting to me. This brings me to drama. People say they hate @CAPS4, but no matter what, @CAPS4 is everywhere and @CAPS4 will always be everywhere. How do you think you're going to survive if you can't live a life where every @CAPS3 is offended. What do you think will happen in the next few years? You have to learn to deal with @CAPS4. I think it was a mistake to take all these things. If people are against @CAPS4, they need to worry about themselves, leave @CAPS4 alone. They can make their own decisions and when there is @ORGANIZATION1 they don't have to pick up the book with @PERSON1. That's what literature is all about, writing. Honestly, do you think the author is worried about offending anyone? No, because the writer or director who wrote the book or made the movie, they know what it's about, they know not everyone will see @CAPS4. Not everyone wants to see @CAPS4. They know people are smart enough to read summaries before they're "offended." @CAPS4 pisses me off when people think they need to live for everyone. @CAPS4 Like that saying, '@CAPS5 Man's trash is another man's treasure. You might not like @CAPS4, you might even hate @CAPS4. But once @CAPS4 gets out of hand, the next person might come back and fall in love with @CAPS4 completely. I think just because someone picks up a book and @CAPS4 offends them, @CAPS4 doesn't mean they need to take it off the shelf. Grow up, put down any @CAPS4 that offends you and walk away.
In this world, you never know what someone will write. There is a lot of material in this world that I don't think is suitable for someone to read, watch or listen to. You @MONTH1 believe that anyone can decide for themselves what to read, watch, listen to. Well, I do agree with this, but I do believe that some materials don't properly rate how well it ages. I do think some material should be off-limits to minors, some from children, and some from everyone. You @MONTH1 think all of this is wrong, books, music, movies, etc. are not wrong, but some material is just offensive and inappropriate in my opinion. I've seen a lot of material that I don't think is suitable for minors. For example, in some movies, the ratings are incorrect because some movies have too much violence or language. Sure, you might think it's no big deal, but I think so. In my opinion, some materials are not rated too low to be suitable for minors. It's not surprising to me that kids now yell at their parents, hit people, or act like rebels. Children get a lot of these things from books, music, movies, and more. This is one of the many reasons why children should be banned from using certain materials. You ask yourself why? Well, first of all, kids are just learning, they do everything they see or watch or listen to. I mean now kids don't even think about what they're going to do. They just do it, they don't care, they think it's okay. I think parents should be wary of offensive material on the shelf and what should be said, so they banned them. Why are some materials banned for everyone? Well, first of all, why do we even want to see, see or hear the wrong thing? You @MONTH1 think we're just doing it for fun and it's fun and there's nothing wrong with it. Well, you @MONTH1 are right, but also wrong. I certainly agree with you that we all watch stuff for fun and enjoyment, but some things are just too outrageous for us. Why do people do crazy things these days? In my opinion, I think because they get it mostly from books, music, movies, etc. In my opinion, if a book shows something very offensive, it should be banned for everyone anyway. This is the right thing to do. If you don't want to see the world get more out of control than it is now. Well, we need to do something about all this objectionable material and ban it permanently. We certainly don't want to see our kids yelling at us, hitting people, or acting like rebels. We don't want some crazy people coming to our house and doing crazy things to us just because it's something they've learned from those materials on the shelf. I feel that some material should be banned from minors, children and everyone
A place full of knowledge should be a place where you can find all the news that made the world what it is today, and one should also be able to find out what happened in the past. There are many different things in the library: books, magazines, movies, and some music. With books ranging from encyclopedias to @PERSON1, the diversity of books and information is extreme. But then again, all good things have a bad side. Given all the swear words that exist in today's society, you don't want your child to see or hear any swear words in a public library. Books are put into libraries so that people have the opportunity to read and become more knowledgeable. The idea of a young man entering an older adult realm is very disturbing, but then again, who says that person is not allowed to read articles or magazines that contain more mature types of information or language. I feel like a person will see what they want to see and what they want to read, the truth is they have the right to do that. Both young and old need to be educated about the world's past history and current news. One reason is to prevent what happened in the past from happening again. Another reason is just to let them know what's going on around them and to keep the individual informed. Libraries should have banners or flaps stating what's in a section of that particular area and people can decide whether to go to those areas. What finds "incorrect" in someone's eyes @MONTH1 doesn't seem so bad to others, it's all a matter of personal preference. Things should still be open for public reading or viewing. Choosing to enter the library is a personal decision. In fact, a library is a place where people should be able to acquire knowledge, no matter what type of information. A person should be able to obtain their information without scrutiny by others.
I think your parents should sign a piece of paper stating that this person can or cannot go to the library. It depends on how parents and children handle it. On the library side, it's more suitable for a more mature audience, certainly no pornographic material, but won't be considered @NUM1. Children fifteen and older will understand. They may also have to be accompanied by an adult. On the other side of the library, it's more of a children's area with children's stories. It will target more children aged 14 and under. There has to be someone showing the pass at the dividing line, indicating whether it can or not. It will be a little difficult, but it will satisfy both parties. It is up to the parents to decide whether to allow their children to read specific language and descriptions. However, the child must be at least @NUM2 to get a pass from the parent. I absolutely agree with Kathryn Patterson that eventually your kids will find out what all these things are. I'd rather have my kids learn from a book and ask me and find it on the street, they could end up getting hurt or breaking the law. Or even go to a party and end up doing something that might kill them.
Do your rights end where I started? In such a diverse society, differences of opinion are inevitable. Does this mean that another person's rights should be abused because we don't agree with their practices, beliefs or way of life? Everyone in this world has the right to have an opinion. What's wrong for some @MONTH1 is right for others. For example, one family @MONTH1 thinks their child's use of profanity is offensive, while another @MONTH1 thinks it's okay. Diversity of beliefs does not mean that it is acceptable for censorship societies to be immune to the curses, religions or violence discussed in published works. These concepts exist in the world and censoring them will not make them disappear. It is understood that there are good and bad things in the world, and removing materials from library shelves will not change that. Censorship of books, magazines, music and other media is taking away someone's ability to see ideas from all angles. Whether or not you prevent a young child from seeing all the views doesn't mean bad things and good things don't exist. As the saying goes, "one year older, one year wiser" can refer to awareness of different ideas and perspectives. As the child grows, he will learn more about the material being reviewed. In some cases, like in a classroom, your rights do end where my rights begin. When it comes to understanding the beauty of diversity, everyone can choose what they pick from the shelf. The definition of "offensive material" is just a matter of opinion.
Do I think certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves. ? No, I don't think some of this material should be removed. why? Because these days kids read stuff like gang violence and stuff that doesn't involve school material, but some kids find the books they read interesting. Now, I don't think these books should be given to very young students? Yes, because some books are read at a slightly higher age than others. Sometimes your @MONTH1 kids are interested in things that others don't read. Books like gang violence and substance abuse are some of the books in the category that cannot be read. I don't think kids under certain ages should read these books in this case because there's some content involved. Children find these books, movies and magazines interesting because so much of what's happening in the world today happens in these books. I'm not saying it's a good thing, but I'm saying what they read and see in those books and movies is what some of us see in our daily lives. When I was younger, I went to @LOCATION1, @CAPS1's library, and whenever a kid chooses a big book that doesn't suit him/her, they always say 'you need your parent's permission to view this book or magazines etc. go out'. Once I actually noticed and understood why they did it, I thought it was a good idea. Considering that kids shouldn't read books that aren't for them, I think that's how all libraries should be. It's also a great way for kids to find age-appropriate stuff from reading. So the main answer to this suggestion is, no, I don't think this material should be moved off the shelf and out of the library. why? Because once they're gone, some kids may not even go to the library anymore because the books they find interesting are gone. So my advice is to not move them and leave them on the shelf like any other book
Do you think certain books, movies or magazines should be removed from libraries due to censorship? A lot of times you hear parents tell their kids not to read that magazine because they don't want them to see the vulgar stuff in it. I've heard parents tell their kids to never watch that movie because it shows what they don't need to watch. Almost every day we encounter situations where we don't know whether to pick up the magazine or just put it on the shelf. In my opinion, I think libraries should remove anything vulgar from their shelves. Encourage kids to go to the library as often as possible, but don't if there's something vulgar on the shelves. Parents, teachers, and other adults tell children to go to the library several times a week. They can do their homework, read a book, or do some work for school. They're curious when they're distracted by a book that contains vulgar content and can't find the book they want. The main reason I disagree with the vulgar stuff on the shelves is because of young kids. The last thing they need to look out for is something that isn't age-appropriate. It's hard for kids to say no to movies or magazines they've never seen or seen before. In most libraries, the adult section is separate from the children's section. This does not mean that children cannot overhear what adults are listening or watching. The children's part is made for fairy tales and children's movies, but the children can hear when something happens in the adult part is not the most appropriate. If children and adults are going to be in the same library, then I think they should make it totally impossible for kids to turn there and see what's new over there. Another reason I think libraries should scrutinize themselves more is the teens in the community. After school, many teenagers in our community enjoy going to the library. If this is such a good environment for teens, why are they able to download bad music from the internet? Some teens listen to bad music with curses, foul language, etc. Libraries should keep teenagers out of this. If they want to download bad music, they need to download somewhere else that young people can't get. My final argument for this is to remind parents. Parents should check what their children are looking at when they go to the library. You might think your kids don't see things in vulgar terms, but sometimes, they're curious. All children are, curiosity is human nature. I myself go a few times with my kids just to see what's in the library and tell them not to take things off the shelves that look awful. Some libraries do not fully solve all problems. They can't take all the bad or vulgar stuff off the shelf. In this sentence, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't get off the shelf.", I can think of books and magazines that I would never want any kids to see in , especially at a young age. Libraries need to be more interested in taking vulgar stuff off shelves so younger kids can't get hold of it. It's one thing for a child to see a book or magazine that doesn't necessarily fit, but it's a whole different story in the library
There are books that kids shouldn't read, but in some libraries they don't care what's on the shelf. They don't care if a kid starts reading a book full of swearing and other swear words. As long as he reads, it's everything to them. Even though there is a children's section in the library, that doesn't mean he can't walk over to get a @CAPS1 book or whatever he can get his hands on. As a child, I was always in the library and it was never difficult to ask for a book in a bad language. We even thought it was funny that there were curse words in this book because we would repeat it. I remember in school that even the books the teacher read to us had swear words, we all laughed, and even the teacher thought it was funny. But if we repeat that word without reading, we'll be sent to the office. Although we think we can say that just because we read it from the book. I do agree that a book with bad language should never be on the shelf so kids can take it. I think it's good to have curse words in the books in junior high school, but early in elementary school. These books are for adults, just because some of them have swear words that sound better. My parents thought it was wrong for me to bring home a book from the library full of swear words or slang. But they'll never say anything to the library because they know I'll keep hearing those words when I grow up. That's why I don't think books with swear words should be given to small children.
Billions of books float from shelf to shelf every day: fiction and nonfiction, horror and comedy. Writers live all over the world, creating works that range from complex life experiences to simple dreams. As a writer with free speech rights, storylines become endless combinations. Every reader is looking for a different style. The library has towering books, of any kind, of every kind. Books are divided into sections based on truth, genre, and cover, with approximately four options for each category. The need for censorship should never be an option. Writers write for all kinds of people. For some, saying what is "right" or "wrong" is not a valid reason for a work to be removed from the shelf. Perhaps if more books were rated like movies, a @CAPS1 @NUM1 compartment could be created instead of exposing young people to this vulgarity. However, it is unethical to deprive some readers of the fun. Whether it's about books, music, magazines, etc., censorship is unnecessary. People who create entertainment need not worry about what they express and/or explain. If the concern is about teens, parental guidance should work. Causing cancellations may affect those associated with the source, so it's important to consider all options. For everyone, it's their own.
Censorship, or the ability to control what you see and hear, is a term that varies from person to person. Music, if found offensive or inappropriate, can be discouraged or even banned from listening. Some magazines found in grocery stores, libraries, and sometimes even airports, have @ORGANIZATION1 covers on the front to visually censor the magazine's front page. Movies are rated according to their level of explicit material, and when aired on basic cable, silent words may sometimes be used, or more appropriate words may be introduced to suit the dialogue in the film. Books, though rare, have been banned from libraries and censored around the world. Some books had been censored before, but were uncensored and brought back to the library. In my opinion, censorship should not be based on one person's opinion of the material, but on the opinion of the public. Growing up, my parents would look closely at the kind of shows I watched, the music I listened to, or the magazines I read. When I was growing up, I loved watching professional wrestling. I love watching monstrous seven-footers bump into each other with steel chairs, bump into tables, or throw each other out of twenty-foot steel cages. My brother and I used to have a favorite wrestler we love every week, @PERSON1 @CAPS1 can get any other wrestler who gets in his way up. My brother and I love watching @PERSON1 @CAPS1 compete every week for a chance at a world championship belt. Over time, professional wrestling began to welcome beauties into their profession. These women would show up in the ring in tight, shiny underwear because they became eye candy for the men watching pro wrestling. One day my mom walked in and I was watching two girls fighting at a game. She took a look at the half-naked girls fighting each other, then turned off @CAPS3 and declared that pro wrestling was too mature for me. Even though I was only 12 at the time, I didn't want to argue with my mom about how much I should be allowed to see. Reviews can be based on the thoughts and opinions of parents and guardians. I was still in elementary school when I fell in love with this show, "@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6". @CAPS7 is a show about four boys who go on an unintentional adventure to save their @CAPS4 @CAPS5. These four boys, all around 11 years old, use some swear words in their daily life that adults are afraid to use. Their actions were so controversial that the show itself was forced to ban some of their episodes for safety reasons. One problem with the @CAPS7 show is that my dad also loves the @CAPS7 show and is trying to get my mom to love it. When my mom saw this show, she immediately banned me from watching it because it had explicit content. Now that I'm older, I can decide for myself what to watch, but as a kid, my parents decided what was right for me. I grew up listening to several different types of music. My brother listened to rap, alternative, and even musicals because he was performing in choir. My dad introduced me to classic rock and my mom loves soft rock. While I didn't necessarily like the music my mom liked, I learned to like my dad's music and my brother's. I love listening to artists like @ORGANIZATION4, @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS8, @CAPS9 and more. My musical tastes extend to a variety of different genres. One day, I was walking down the hallway when I heard some music coming from the living room. I went to see what was playing because it sounded foreign. My dad and my brother told me to go to another room and not listen to the music. This song was written by a band called @ORGANIZATION2. Although it may seem unfair, parental and guardian scrutiny is very necessary. While some people may find a material objectionable, that doesn't mean the entire world should ban the material itself. If that person wants to stay away from the material and keep their child from seeing or hearing that material, they can do that. Censorship provided by a parent or guardian is the best way to see censorship. Nothing should be banned in libraries, music stores, or any other place that sells these materials. Censorship is important, but an entire ban on certain materials is unjust.
Yes, there are a lot of things censored today, but they should be kept out of our libraries. I don't think it should. They should not be taken out of the library for review. Maybe if they were such a big problem, they could do something else with them besides taking them out. I don't believe they shouldn't take review items out of the library just because someone has a problem. Because now one day you can hear in public the same things they put in those censored movies, games, @CAPS1, etc. I think if they even consider taking a vetted product out of the library, that should be up to the library, not the government. If censorship is such a big problem for people, they don't have to check or look at it. So maybe if they're having issues with their parents because the kids are checking out the items he's reviewing, they should have a band. Like if you want to quit a censored project, you either have to be @NUM1 or have a parent or guardian with you. But if it's still problematic, make it like a tobacco product, you have to be @NUM1. Then, if the library doesn't want to, they can make a whole room for the reviewed item. They can also place the room in the corner of the library or in a less populated area. There should also be a sign saying there are sencorhip items in that room and maybe a sign saying @NUM1 or earlier. So there are a lot of other items that are dealing with being reviewed. Why take them out when there are so many to deal with them. We shouldn't take censorship items out just because some people don't like it. Why punish everyone because of several
What would you do if a woman walked into the library and started throwing a tantrum about how inappropriate a book was and she wanted to take it off the shelf? You'll stare and wonder if she's crazy? Do you feel like this is a public place and everyone has their own opinion? I believe that even if someone thinks the material in the library is inappropriate, it should not be taken off the shelf. Many people actually find the material in the library too offensive or inappropriate. Unsurprisingly, there's nothing the library can do about it, unless it's absolutely necessary to remove them from the shelves. But come to think of it, if everyone complains about a book being offensive, there will be no more books in the end! For example, I don't want my brother to read @PERSON1's book because some chapters of @MONTH1 contain sex scenes. However, my brother will grow up eventually, he will understand. If I could get rid of that book, I wouldn't let other people like it. If you delete books about @CAPS1 because you're @CAPS2, many @CAPS3s won't be happy, to say the least. However, this could be about any topic. The more books are taken from the library, the less people know about the subject. Eventually, as I said before, there will be no more books! Everyone has their own opinion on what is right and wrong, and everyone has a different opinion. The solution to this problem is to not remove books. Of course, you may get complaints. But it is likely that more people are not offended than offended. Americans do have a right to fight for it, but since most people are not offended, it's a tough case to win this one. I believe all books can fit on the shelf. If you take off a book, you might as well take off the rest. The next time you're picking out a book and find it offensive, think about how others might want to read it. They may even need information on the papers they wrote for the class. You never know who might need this information. Don't be selfish; put the book on the library shelf.
Tuff @CAPS1 for a little @CAPS2 censorship is an issue we face today. I believe that censorship is necessary in some cases, but I also feel that it must be controlled. That's why I have a lot of respect for organizations and industries that try to block or place censorship media until you deal with it more maturely and responsibly. In Minecraft, the most common categories with imperfect censorship are books and music. A lot of books are well written and great to read, but in history or race, and more cultural books, they use words/terms that offend me and many others. Also, the main reason for this is music. In today's society, almost everyone has an iPod, and downloaded onto that iPod is music. I'm not saying all the music is terribly bad, but for the most part I hear every word and racial topic in the book. Rappers are setting a bad example for young teens like me, posing with guns, smoking marijuana and cracking. Why do they do this? Just to make myself more popular. This damages our education and makes us think we should be criminals. In my opinion, I like the factual information provided by magazines and professional journalists. Journalists stand on the side of citizens and strive to get the real facts for our people. Maqgazines also recounts the annual celebrations and good things happening in the world. Here you can find out about sports scores and weather conditions. Last year, I remember reading 'To @CAPS3 a @CAPS4'. It's so contradictory and talks about black slaves and white people seeing them as dirt. Also, about black people never winning a trial and being treated unfairly. I was embarrassed that I was the only African American in the class. It's embarrassing. I feel like if we had a discussion, people would speak ill of IoT and then remember that I was in the room and then they would stop. What is the world going to do? Censorship covers the entire multimedia spectrum of the good and the bad of censorship. Right and wrong for your children and the world's teens by the right people. Help fight this cause! Take all the bad stuff down! We can do it, we will fight! Like @PERSON1 said, "Don't hope for better change or hope for a new world." If you want change, you need to make it happen, stick to the right things, and change the world
Certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from shelves if found objectionable. If they offend their gender, the material should be removed. Also, if the material offends their religious beliefs, it should be removed. Finally, if it offends their race, it should be removed. If the material offends anyone's gender, it should be removed. First, the material can feel unworthy. Second, the material could lead to major disputes between the author and the person offended or even others. Third, these materials can also hurt someone by them picking up the book and reading the text. Also, if the material offends anyone's religion, it should be removed. This can cause someone to hate everyone else who shares the same religious beliefs as the writer, songwriter, actor and/or director. Second, libraries should be about educational, fun, and entertaining content, not offending someone's religious beliefs. In the end, this could lead to one or more people playing the role of a terrorist from this objectionable content. If the material offends someone's race, it should also be removed. First off, the material @MONTH1 calls the race of the person reading, listening or watching a very offensive name (not directly, but in general). Second, the material can say that race seems bad. In the end, the material influences other kids whose children don't respect that race and don't like that race. Material that offends anyone's gender, religion and/or ethnicity should be removed from library shelves. A library is a place where everyone can read, listen or watch something interesting without offending others in any way.
We often go to the library looking for a good book or magazine to read without actually knowing which ones are available. In order to find a book that interests you, you must explore by picking up the book and looking at the cover and reading its background. Sometimes we come across a book or magazine that is not suitable for children and wonder why the book is still on the shelf for anyone to pick up. I think public libraries should allow material that offends some people. First, books chosen to be advertised on library shelves are not restricted to a specific age class. The library is divided into sections about where to find a genre, but a young kid @MONTH1 has no idea. I believe they are some material found in the library that should not be made available to the public. Maybe you have a five-year-old who picks up a book about sex and drugs, which can lead to kids learning things they shouldn't know until they're older. Going on, offensive books should not be put into the library because they will give the library a bad name. If someone came from out of town and the first thing they saw on a library shelf was a book with nudity or drugs on it, they were taken back immediately. Objectionable types of books can include books you don't want first graders to see and books about race or religion. Some people get mad at a book that goes against what they believe in. This could lead to a huge confrontation. Finally, offensive books can include books about someone's opinion on a topic. If someone starts reading the book against the author's point of view, they will automatically be offended by what the author has to say. When two people have different views on something, there is never an agreement. In conclusion, while some books are offensive to some people and not to others, we must understand the problems that @MONTH1 caused to some people. I believe that any book with a public opinion, and with an "x-rated" rating, should not be placed in a public library. We can easily fix this by placing the books individually so people don't get mad.
What do you think of them taking off objectionable books, music, movies and magazines? Everyone has a different opinion on it. This is an important thing to think about. Stop and think about what you want your kids to look at when you're not there? A lot of people will say no because they are too young to understand things that show a lot and other reasons. It's the best idea for teens and children to take anything found offensive. I believe they should be removed and you must be @NUM1 or older to buy them. The biggest reason I think they should be is that @NUM1 under 1s want to look as cool as older teens, but don't really need to see that. The young teen thinks they need to do something like music, stuff in a movie to be cool and think if they do, they @MONTH1 look cool. Younger teenagers don't think about what they're doing, they just think it's okay because the older guys are doing it and they see it. For magazines, movies and music, they need to be of purchasing age. A big reason to believe they should be taken off the shelves is that a lot of kids and teens think they can go anywhere and see what's objectionable. There are many different types and you have to be a certain age to go to some places. Believe they should take them off the shelf, it lets @CAPS1 give your kids total freedom to look without thinking about offense. I hope that by reading my persuasive articles, I hope I can connect with someone about the offending books, music, movies and magazines that can understand what I'm talking about with teens around @NUM3, If you bring your kids with you, they will see something like that. With what I've given you, it can help you see how objectionable things look on the shelf
Should books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be removed from the library if found offensive? My opinion on this is no. In this post, I will explain my point of view, and hopefully change the point of view of others. I will also explain how the past affects today. In some cases books, music, movies, magazines, etc. @MONTH1 have offended any race or specific gender, but that's what happened in the history of @LOCATION1. Some @MONTH1s are very offensive, but it only shows the past, other @MONTH1s are just overtly racist or sexist. Those showing the history of @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 are educational resources so we can learn from our mistakes. That's why I'm making this point, taking this material off the shelves is like taking away someone's freedom of speech. I hate that I'm listening to music here that doesn't respect women, but I'm not going to try to take it away because it's probably just a history of how the artist of this song loves someone or their family @MONTH1. In conclusion, I don't think this material should be taken off the shelves. After explaining my point, think about what is objectionable, or just someone expressing past memories. If the past was objectionable, things may be objectionable today, as I was told in my early years, treat others like you want to be treated. I hope I drew attention and changed some perceptions because a lot of the offense today is from the past
Library review? Yes or no? I don't think libraries should have censorship. There isn't much "offensive" or "harmful" stuff in most of @LOCATION1's libraries. I don't know who would come up with such a ridiculous idea. To me, there are many ways that people are offended. @MONTH1 I remind you that we almost changed our commitment to the flag by dropping the word "God", all because some people don't believe in God. Now should we get rid of good books just because they are kid friendly? ! Think of all the amazing books, movies and magazines that had to be removed from our library because someone said "I find this book offensive" or "I don't think this book is for my kids" . @CAPS1 About those people who loved that book and now can't read it anymore because of that person? There are parts in the library for a reason! Just place Naughty Books in the eight-year-old or older section so younger kids won't see them. People who want to get rid of supposedly harmful books for children make libraries sound like porn stores. Most libraries aren't full of horribly bad books that will keep kids terrified forever. Anyway, there really are those books in hell. Now sometimes a bad book @MONTH1 ends up in the kids section, but that doesn't mean we have to permanently remove the book from everyone else who wants to read it. All library staff just make sure to put all the books in the right places and nothing bad will happen. Bad books will be in the adult section and kid-friendly books will be in another. Have some library staff monitor the area and keep small children out of the library. This will prevent kids from seeing bad books as they will be in the adult section. In short, I answer this question by saying no. There are many good books that must disappear forever
I believe that all literature of any kind is useful, even if it may be offensive. Many life lesson books, movies, magazines, music, etc., are taken down if a social program is taken down because something offends race or gender. Things like books or movies can take people to different worlds, help them learn, teach them lessons that the real world @MONTH1 doesn't teach them. If material is taken off the shelf for fear of offending someone, as Kathryn Patterson puts it in her citation, there won't be much left. If some literature ceased to exist, it certainly wouldn't be what it is now. Literature is all around us, they teach us that if a @CAPS1 is taken away, there will be riots. Books are always by our side when we're bored, lonely, or just trying to escape reality. Imagine if we couldn't read your favorite book because it was no longer considered socially appropriate. If all books had to fit every era, everything would lose all the interesting stuff. Whether novels or regular encyclopedias, all books are cut to go beyond the needs of our "non-offensive" society. A lot of music will lose its luster, and magazines won't be able to gossip about "hottest new things." Movies would become too boring to watch, and many things in society would fall apart. Books, documentaries, magazines can help people learn, if it's a lesson about what you shouldn't do when you're young, like smoking, or if the book about smoking is taken because it offends the part of society that chose to smoke at the time how can today's teens Would you know not to start smoking? Fiction is usually fictional, but the characters come to life to the reader. Even if they @MONTH1 aren't really them, they have problems in real world life, so if anyone reads that book, the way the characters handle situations can help real life people decide how they should solve those problems. Important film history book may be taken because it "offends" @CAPS2 @CAPS3 for students to learn about slaves. If a @CAPS1 is taken off the shelf for offending someone, more and more material will be taken from society. How does this benefit anyone? It leaves many students untouched by many of the things they need to be educated. If books are removed because they are appropriate, it will disrupt order in the library. If books were judged for appropriateness, many authors would not be able to write the fiction and literature they do now. There's no benefit to taking anything off a library shelf. Books, movies, magazines, music, it's so important to society, it keeps us company, it teaches us to make life easier when the world wants to kick you when you're down. If a person deems a book inappropriate, then they can choose not to read it, but they should not decide to help remove the book from library shelves. They will cause an overwhelming mess that will affect everyone in @LOCATION1, and possibly the world. Any kind of information is great @CAPS1 , regardless of content . So removing any kind of material from our library is a terrible idea.
The content in today's material is not always suitable for young children. Information now circulating in the media and other networks may be harmful to some young children to read or be surrounded by them, including video games. By growing up in violent environments, children observe and have a greater chance of becoming violent. A review of today's material is necessary for the well-being of children in today's society. In video games, there are ratings that help explain that wat is divisible at every age group throughout childhood and adolescence. The same goes for movies, which makes certain movies harder for younger kids to watch. Books and magazines, while they should be protected, are not well protected. Age and maturity play a huge role in whether a child should read aloud and be introduced to a particular material. Violence is a major trend in video games in the world today, and some of its effects on children are unnecessary and ultimately harm their well-being. The reason the rating should change is because children absorb their environment and become what they see, so if they are introduced to violent behavior, they are more likely to be violent children. In the library, there are sections for each age group, specific genre of books, fiction and non-fiction. However, some explicit material in books and magazines should also be reviewed before it is allowed to be used by teens and children. As part of a community, libraries should work for the well-being of children and not expose them to information prematurely. In my own experience, I have seen children grow too quickly when exposed to certain knowledge. Especially in today's music, the radio does a good job of editing the content of the songs, by putting parental advice on some CDs, but that still doesn't stop them from buying the material. In games including @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @NUM1, etc. teens are now used to this behavior, which is neither safe nor good for children. By censoring certain materials, it does not allow our youth today to continue bad behavior
Reading @CAPS1 I don't think it's the responsibility of the library to review readings. When a person enters a library, they have to infer immediately, because libraries are where knowledge accumulates, and they find that some of @MONTH1's information doesn't match what they believed. If a person finds a book objectionable, they can put it down as easily as they picked it up. However, there are obviously some exceptions. Of course, the children's section should be limited to the section aimed at younger readers. It seems illogical to put "@CAPS2 and @CAPS3" in the children section. Like putting "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" into the adult section. Additionally, author @PERSON1 has stated that if she can ban books from the library, all other patrons must have the same rights. As a result, all the books in the library cannot be read. The knowledge contained therein is unknown. As with any regulation, there are exceptions. For example, censorship should hardly be considered a crime if the library is only for young readers. Exclude inappropriate items, such as loose reading materials, that keep kids from coming up with ideas on concepts that they @MONTH1 don't fully understand. Taking all these factors into consideration, banning library lending does not seem like the best course of action. Libraries should be places of enlightenment. Objections should be raised. Let readers decide for themselves what they believe. Because books are like atoms. When two opposite types collide, a burst of energy is released.
@CAPS1 is a place for people of all ages to come and buy books, magazines, music, movies and more. Libraries are the key to learning and helping people who can read. Research shows that reading makes you smarter and understands and understands well. However, in my opinion, objectionable reading, viewing or listening material does not belong in the library to some extent. As I said before, libraries are places to learn and develop skills. Books suitable for "adults" can be found in adult-type stores or even at your local regular bookstore. Parents bring their children to @CAPS1 to support and improve their reading skills. They don't want to worry about making sure their kids don't see anything bad. A few years ago, I rounded up a teenage boy who went to @CAPS1 about weekly to find movies his parents didn't approve of. The boy was later caught and punished. If there wasn't that kind of movie in the first place, his parents wouldn't have to worry. Almost everywhere you go, everything you see and hear has some kind of false context. Parents should feel okay and carefree when letting their kids do something as simple as going to @CAPS1. This problem can be easily fixed by removing the issue. I strongly believe that @CAPS1 material should be reviewed in a way that those who shouldn't see it can't. On the other hand, materials such as religious or cultural school supplies deemed objectionable should not be taken off the shelves. Religious and cultural books, music, movies and/or magazines for people to study. As far as I can see, someone @MONTH1 wants a book about @CAPS2 removed because they are @CAPS3 and may not support their religious way. I think it's wrong because it's a free country that includes religious freedom and it can't be denied that they informed other people about that religion. The library is a place to feel safe and relaxed. Everyone loves to sit in @CAPS1 for hours, immersed in a good novel. Material found objectionable does not belong to them unless it is for genuine educational learning.
The topic of library censorship has been brought up many times. Censorship is the rule against viewing books, music, movies, magazines, etc. This censorship is due to its rating or the content in it being inappropriate for certain viewers/readers. Of course, many people have their own opinions on library censorship, and so do I. I believe censorship is a good idea in some cases. These cases are music or movies. However, I don't think censorship is a good idea in books. Children all over the world are reading, and over time our children have become more advanced and reading proficiency. This is where censorship comes into play. Libraries want to review books with higher reading levels, as these include profanity, violence, sex, drugs, and any other aspect of adultery. I don't agree with the censorship of these books because it's basically telling our kids that they can't challenge themselves or that they can't understand certain things because of their age. In my opinion, these books can only help them. These books will help them understand society, what is wrong and what is right, and will help them grow as they get older. Reading books at a higher level can help them understand words better, as well as help them learn about literature and times past. When I was in middle school, I wasn't an advanced reader by any means, but I did enjoy reading occasionally. One day, I went to the library to find a challenging book. The book I found was a book by @PERSON1 called "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". This book is a fictional story that took place during @LOCATION1 @CAPS3. When I entered my password at the front desk to view the book, the librarian told me I couldn't view the book because it was a young adult book that meant "too advanced" for me. She said I needed parental consent to check it out. That night, I asked my parents if I could read. They said yes, mainly because they were so excited that I even wanted to read such a challenging book. The next day, I received a note from my home informing the librarian that I could read the book. I was so excited when I was finally able to check out this book and read it. From my experience with library reviews, I think the best approach is if there is a parent/guardian who is over @NUM1 and they agree to check out the book/magazine or anything from @MONTH1, then allow the child or Students view said books/magazines etc. In conclusion, censorship for books, magazines, etc. is generally a banal idea, with some exceptions. In my opinion, parent/guardian consent rules are the best route. Of course, this topic will be debated for many years, and many people will have their own opinions. There are valid points on each side of the argument, but I think that regardless of reading level, we must keep books under review and allow our children to learn and read at their highest ability.
If certain material in the library is found to be objectionable, should it be removed from the shelves? I don't think books or any other material should be taken off the shelves for some people? There are many reasons why these books should stay on the shelf. I'll tell you all the reasons why I think these books should stay on the shelf. One reason I think these books should stay on the shelf is because some people may need them for school projects. For example, a student may have a project that exceeds @CAPS1. A book about @CAPS1 might offend a lot of people. Just because it offended some people doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelves because others may need that book. Someone might need a certain book to complete a project. If a book they need is taken off the shelf because it offends someone, they may fail. This is one of the reasons I think these books should stay on the shelf. Another reason I think they should stay on the shelf is if the book offends them, it's their opinion. Just because they don't like the book and it offends them doesn't mean other people don't want to read it. Why would you take a book off the shelf because it offends one or several people? There may be more people who want to look at that book and read it. If a book offends you, don't read it. Why do you watch something that offends you? I don't understand why a library would have to remove a book from the shelf just because it offended someone. Especially when that person can ignore the book and not pay attention to it. This is the last reason my opinion is this way. So after reading this article, I hope you understand why my opinion is the way it is. There is no point in taking books off the shelf. People need them for research and projects. If they don't like the content of the book and it offends them, it's someone's opinion. For example, if I don't like something on a restaurant menu, they won't remove it from the menu for me. The last reason my books should stay on the shelf is that people can ignore the books and not read them, which is easier than taking them off the shelf. @CAPS3
@CAPS1 right? Does @CAPS1 have the right to review in the library? This question can be answered from two very different perspectives. Some @MONTH1 want all censored items to leave the public area. On the other hand, some @MONTH1 like to read this kind of material. This is a very opinionated topic. In my opinion, the library is where I find books to read, research, listen to music, rent movies or relax while reading a magazine. Libraries are public areas and not everyone will agree. Everyone has their favorite book or genre. I believe @CAPS1 is unfair in de-censoring the library, because @MONTH1 is the type that people like the most. Why do libraries need to limit their options when no one else does? For example, if all clothing stores banned ripped jeans, many parents would love that they would be revealing. The store does not. They don't forbid ripped jeans because many teenage girls like ripped jeans. American @CAPS2 won't bring capris just because I don't like them. There are different likes, likes, dislikes and opinions. A good solution to this disagreement is classification. By having all censored books, movies, magazines and music in one area, @CAPS1 will reduce debate on the topic as everyone who loves library censorship will be gathered in their area. People who don't want to review in the library don't have to be near @CAPS1. This is a quick and easy fix. There's no reason to cancel a favorite type just because someone doesn't like @CAPS1. If this were true, our world would be nothing because not everyone likes something. For example, I don't like blue airmail shirts. Pink is my favorite. My friend @CAPS3 loves blue shirts and hates pink ones. We all wrote to the manager to get rid of the shirt color we didn't like. It's not good for both of us because now the person we don't like gets, but so does the person we like. This is nonsense. There will be nothing left in the store. Owners can easily categorize materials at a store or library to align @CAPS1 to the community's liking. Getting rid of material is not the answer. Classification is a fix that requires immediate action
In our society today, many adults were not exposed to vast amounts of material as children. Young children today see drugs, alcohol, sex and teenage pregnancy portrayed as part of a normal child's daily life. Certain TV shows, books, and even some popular songs condone many of these behaviors that @CAPS1 opposes. While the @MONTH1 library seems to be the most unusual place to get these materials, many younger kids can borrow books that are simply not appropriate for their age. Censorship of material such as books, movies and music deemed offensive or inappropriate is a way of teaching young children that life is not all what the media portrays it to be. A very important reason for allowing censorship of material in a library is that you may not know what type of book you are looking at. Many kids and adults also walk into libraries and flip through books until they see a cover or title that catches their eye. While most books in the library are age-appropriate, kids can still pick up a book they shouldn't be reading. There is a wealth of influential material from the media, but also from the peers that children are subjected to. The library review will make it a safer place for kids to pick any book for them in the appropriate area, and also allow @CAPS1 to not have to worry about what their kids choose. As author Katherine Paterson put it, "All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids didn't take off the shelves." @CAPS1 never have to worry about their kids in public libraries what to get. The second reason for allowing censorship in libraries is that video stores already have censorship in their stores, as well as ratings for all movies and video games. Most video stores have a separate section for movies that are considered to contain "adult content". Minors are not allowed to walk into a movie store and see portions of movies that are considered adults or those over the age of eighteen. Minors cannot rent @CAPS rated movies without proving they are 17 or older or having an adult renting for them. The same can happen with video games, such as video games rated @CAPS3 or mature, which cannot be rented or purchased by anyone under the age of eighteen. @CAPS5 review should apply to the library. A separate section based on adult content allows movies and books to be set in separate locations, making it impossible for kids to rent something they didn't intend to watch or read. @CAPS5 type censorship also allows parents to choose whether their children can see it. An example of @CAPS5 is a 16 year old boy. While he can't rent a @CAPS2 rated movie, if his @CAPS1 thinks he can, they can rent it for him. @CAPS5 gives parents control over what their kids see, not full control. @CAPS5 The same type of review as a video store is the perfect way to do a review in a library. Perhaps the most important reason for library censorship is the early exposure of these materials to children. Many young kids have been watching TV shows or hearing things on the news that make it seem acceptable in our society to drink alcohol at parties when you're underage, take drugs for that feeling, and be at a very young age. It's time to have sex, because that's "what everyone does." @CAPS5 is a very dangerous path for young children in our society to take. Letting our culture be @CAPS5 way can lead to all kinds of problems, as we've seen. Many young children, some as young as fourteen or fifteen, go to parties and drink. On the ride home, they'd go with a 17-year-old friend who had a driver's license and was drinking at parties. It is now hoped that the story will end with all the children coming home safely, but in many cases this is not the case. There have been so many DUI accidents in our country lately that kids shouldn't even be drinking. @CAPS5 has something to do with censorship because of the way these kids are forced to drink. Many adults in society blame it on peer pressure; but how do peers know that @CAPS5 is acceptable? These ideas come from the vulnerable children of society. Library reviews are a way to limit children's exposure to ideas and hopefully allow them to lead safer, healthier lives. While there are many other factors that contribute to children's exposure to these materials, stopping library exposure is one way to eliminate early exposure. Young children in today's society and culture are exposed to a plethora of inappropriate material. These three factors, not knowing what you might be looking at in the library, the censorship already in place in the video store, and unnecessary exposure to young children, all lead to the need for censorship in libraries. Society today is all about the freedom to allow anything unacceptable to happen. While some @MONTH1 see these books or movies as their own freedom of speech, the truth is that it is harming society and thus requires censorship of games in libraries and other places where children can access movies, books, magazines, music and videos. Removing objectionable books, magazines and movies from the shelves of libraries across the country will lead to a safer culture for children to grow up in, and a society where things like drugs, alcohol and sex are less often tolerated
Library Book Attack? In our opinion, the right to delete a book is not up to us, the people. If anyone has questions about this book; don't get it next time. I know we shouldn't have the right to take books from the library. We cannot make such a choice. I know people sometimes find something wrong or inappropriate in a library book, but if you don't like it, don't read the rest or recommend it to a friend. I've had this problem before. I read a book and my mom said she didn't like the subject of it: honestly, that's her opinion. A person should have the right to express his/her opinion but should not influence others. One guy @MONTH1 really liked the book and the other @MONTH1 hated it, apparently they are the ones who love this type of book, so there isn't a good reason to get rid of it. The only person who should have a say in getting rid of a book has to be a librarian. That person knows what's acceptable and what's not for a library. If it contains something graphic or racist, you can talk to them about it in a conversation because they may be librarians, but they won't read every book in the library. Some items may offend some people but not others. Libraries exist for knowledge and entertainment. We can have an opinion on things and discuss them appropriately without much torment because they could be the reason for where things happened. You need to leave the choice to the relevant educated/person in charge of the library
For those of you @MONTH1 following, censorship is an issue that has plagued our society for centuries. Not only is this unnecessary, it is unconstitutional. As @CAPS1, we have a certain amount of @ORGANIZATION1, we are assured by documents that keep our society free from anarchy. Where will our country go if the right to choose to read, watch or listen to literature is taken away? Today, our country should never allow censorship. In @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @ORGANIZATION1 we got a specific @ORGANIZATION1. Some of this @ORGANIZATION1, including freedom of speech and the press, has been restricted, which the government sees as "wrong", but it's happening anyway. We @MONTH1 didn't "lose" these @ORGANIZATION1s, but they were definitely limited. Why should governments be able to tell us what to read? What will happen if censorship is allowed is horrific. If our governments that are supposed to "serve the people" tell us what to read and what not to read, what prevents them from telling us what to wear, drink, or even eat? Censorship in libraries is one of our biggest problems. There are countless examples of why censorship of written documents should not be allowed. For example, if a college student is writing a research paper on the effects of rape on children, but the government considers rape "too visual," what should the student do? He or she should have access to the materials necessary to write a well-understood dissertation. But by censoring our libraries, and getting books out, the government is hindering the education of its nation's youth. Some @CAPS4 classics are also speculated against. @PERSON2's @CAPS5 has been called a classic since it was written. It is used in education in classrooms across the country. But recently, the book's usability has been called into question. Throughout the novel, the "n-word" is used, but by no means an insult. During the writing period, the word was more common than in modern society, and the meaning was less serious. But it is being removed from libraries and curricula across the country as time has changed its meaning. This is illegal censorship. One of the greatest books of our time, the @CAPS4 classic, was removed from the lives of our youth due to "vulgar language". Censorship doesn't just happen in written literature. Movies and music are also under the magnifying glass of censorship. Movie ratings are there for a reason, to give viewers an age group the movie is appropriate for. This helps parents to be able to self-censor their children. But the government cannot choose what content specific children can view. Parents have the right to expose or deny their children access to anything they see fit, not the right of our nation's legislators. Music is one of the most important components of today's society. With the invention of the iPod and the @NUM1 device, music became more ubiquitous and portable. As music styles change, the scrutiny is getting tougher. The musical style of modern teens is very different from that of their grandparents. There is very little that is unacceptable to many rappers today, as their choice of lyrics shows. The music industry is being hit hard by the most popular music. The most common themes are sex, drugs and money, which @MONTH1 seems to offend some citizens, but others @MONTH1 just see it as the norm. So how can someone say 'no, you @MONTH1 don't listen to that,'? This shouldn't be allowed, but it is. How does a person or group of people decide what is acceptable and what is not? They can't. Censorship is both morally wrong and legally wrong. It is unconstitutional to take media such as books, movies and music from its citizens. How would our ancestors view censorship? Before you take that "unacceptable" book off the shelves, remember @ORGANIZATION1 for citizens of our great nation, and @ORGANIZATION1 for individuals like you. Sincerely, @PERSON1
Whether certain materials in libraries, such as books, music, films and magazines, should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable has been a prominent issue of debate. Despite @MONTH1 me's material that is harmful to children, freedom of information is far more important than protection, as censorship is unconstitutional, hinders readers from an impartial perspective, and in some cases hides pressing social issues that censors deem inappropriate. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Statements do not deny or take away freedom of speech, religion and the press. More generally, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 grants freedom of speech. Censorship is actually unconstitutional. It hinders free speech. Neither students nor academics have access to all the information they should have had if it wasn't for review. While private businesses and libraries can be allowed to censor because they have their own contracts to allow it, public libraries and schools actually violate the Constitution when they censor. Censorship prevents a full and complete view of an issue. Censors often ban specific books due to personal perceptions of what they call "immorality." @CAPS5 With clear and complete access to all information, how can any valid conclusions be drawn about anything? For example, if one wants to understand the difference between agnostic and deist philosophy, but cannot read any agnostic books banned by intolerant religious fanatics, then you cannot learn anything effectively. Every special interest group wants to ban a certain type of material. Author Katherine Paterson said: "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf - I hate that kind of work - then you have the same right as everyone else. Then we don't have the book Leave it to any of us on the bookshelf. @CAPS6 This is true. If every special interest group deems it appropriate to review material that is not in their interest, then there is no material. No knowledge will be left. In the absence of We as human beings are left in the dark without knowledge. Many books on socially significant issues are banned. @PERSON3's @CAPS7 @NUM1 addresses growing censorship issues and the dangers of technology. As firefighters @CAPS8 @ Like PERSON4 burns the book, the novel is ironically censored. Maybe it's a tactic the censors use to safeguard their own special interests, which is censorship. When they restrict the freedom of others, they will Felt powerful. @PERSON2, @CAPS9 @CAPS10 Fiction banned. In addition to vulgar language in the book, @CAPS9 @CAPS10 denounces free will, depicts the brutal US bombing of @LOCATION1 in @CAPS13 @CAPS14 @CAPS15 . This book reveals a lot of truth about humanity, but it is banned. How will society change if writing a revolutionary book anytime is banned? Censorship is a big problem. Despite a lot of senseless violence , barbaric and cruel works, but no book or any other material should be censored. In public libraries and schools, censorship is blatantly unconstitutional. Censorship prevents people from seeing the whole point of view, and censorship hinders social change. Censorship Institutions must be condemned as constraints on our intelligence and freedom.
Children are our future because when I am old they will take care of me, so it is important for me to review. This is important not only because of how it will affect my child, but also because of how it will affect what I and others will be able to read. I agree that censorship is an important issue, but to what extent. People should have the right to read what they want to read. They should also be allowed to find it at their local public library. My take on public library censorship is that most things should be allowed to stay on the shelf. I can understand censorship to a degree, but taking books out of public libraries makes it hard to choose where to draw the line. You don't want a book taken out just because it has a bad word in it. Just because some book is a well-known classic, does that mean we shouldn't take that book out of the public library? I believe some books should stay because adults don't want to read children's books, they probably want to read a more complicated book. I think they are some books that should be kept out of the library. An example is extremely racist books. These books should be kept away from children. This is necessary because younger children may try to act out what they may have heard or read, as audiobooks will make them say those words. This can cause them to get stuck with things they don't yet understand. There are a few things you can do as an alternative to keep these things out of your child's hands. One is already used by public libraries, which separates adult books from children's books. You can also move the two sections to the opposite side of the library. Colder books are placed higher up, such as on the top shelf. Most children cannot reach adult heights. These are my thoughts and thoughts on library review. My thoughts and opinions are likely to be different from those of most people. However, I think they are good ideas. For example separate sections for children and adults. I think my best approach is to put the more explicit books higher up and move the sections further apart.
Books, music, movies and magazines are all forms of expression. We are free to @ORGANIZATION1 with our feelings or thoughts, but can it be graphic for someone to read? I believe library censorship is to protect the minds of children and people who are vulnerable to the ideas of others. Books are a major factor in expressing how people feel about topics ranging from romance to horror. Many children enjoy reading books or comic books that involve a lot of violence. Children's minds are like sponges, which means they soak up whatever they read, and there's a good chance that it affects their ability to function in their day-to-day activities. If you walk into a music store, you'll find many different types of music from rap to bluegrass. I noticed that at my school, one type of music that stood out in particular was rap, and my favorite artist was @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1. @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 is known for talking about drugs, sex, money and violence. Many teens think if their favorite artist can do it all, why can't they? I've only heard a few of @ORGANIZATION2's songs, and each song has one of these four key themes. Just like @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1, the film industry is starting to make more and more films about drugs, sex, money and violence. Many students at my school are talking about the latest comedy movies like "@ORGANIZATION1", "@CAPS1", "@CAPS2" and more. And how they turn their lives into something like a movie when they take a break at @DATE1 or @DATE2. Movies like this look interesting, but for the vulnerable, they shouldn't be watched. Books, music, movies and magazines that surround us with their stories and thoughts about another person. We ourselves have the freedom and rights of @ORGANIZATION1, but we also have the right to take it down if we think it endangers the minds of others. I think censoring something in the library is a good way to clean up the mind poisoning mess
I think anything offensive should be taken down because it's inappropriate. Books don't need that because they should be interesting to you and help you learn, and yes, you can use some violence in an action/adventure book to get a sense of the character's emotions, the context of the story, and perhaps understand. Offensive books are okay sometimes, so if you have a comedy magazine, or a book that makes fun of something or someone, it can be taken to be offensive, or just a joke, not an offensive way. For most people, they will want to take these books off the shelf. Books that are not good for them like parents or even friends, they can teach a kid the wrong way and that kid @MONTH1 is not learning the right way. When kids are little, their brains are like sponges, so they learn and remember things well at that age. A child who gets a book, or something from such a book, is likely to remember it. I think these books should be taken off the shelf because kids don't need to read that kind of stuff when it's already on TV and talked about. They need educational books that can teach them and prepare them for their upcoming higher grades so they can start over with new words or grammar.
I think if they're going to sell to younger kids, they should be off the shelves. Like if it has to deal with sex or violence, they should be taken off the shelf. They should just loudly put @NUM1 stuff on the shelf. I don't think they should even make books or magazines like this unless they can hide them from @NUM2 under. But people will do what they want. That's what I'm going to say. Have a nice day today.
Katherine Paterson makes a valid point that some books are offensive to some people, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't be read. In someone's life, we sometimes hear things we don't like and don't want to be bothered with, but it's a good thing we do. Libraries should have the right to put books of all genres on their shelves without having them subject to public scrutiny, which is why. As the folks of @CAPS1, we've had a tough time. @CAPS2, racism, extreme poverty or depression are just a few to remember. After dealing with these problems, we always tend to repeat them due to lack of knowledge. Slavery and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 are some of the lowest points of @CAPS1 and they are also pretty scary. Recalling those memories is difficult, but something needs to be done; if books are to be censored, many young people will be left out of education and may repeat this horrific behavior. For movies, music and magazines, the same laws apply. Although in different ways, many of these publications are about current news or social aspects of life. Music is a form of expression and everyone has their own taste. Not having to choose from a variety of styles is wrong and unfair. Music can not only express feelings of love or anger, but it can also teach life lessons. Some artists like to sing or rap during their life journey. This educates others that if you do this, then this is the result, for better or worse. In magazines, they tend to focus on more current topics, such as politics, work or the lifestyles of young people. Movies apply to the same rights and themes. Everyone is equally important if a group of citizens feel they are not the one to make the call. What gives a group of people the right to say it's inappropriate and you shouldn't be reading it? they do not. The Constitution gives you freedom of speech, which means you can express yourself as you please. By censoring what people read, the author is somewhat disenfranchised. Now, that's not fair. While Katherine Paterson says some books are offensive to read, she's just wrong. A library should be a place where people can find and read any kind of books, music, movies, magazines. If the material is censored, then it's not fair to others who want to read it. Bottom line is you have free will, you must have the right to choose the weather or not want to read something
There are some things in the world that are not suitable for some people to see. Things like rated @CAPS1 movies, @CAPS2 books, alcohol and @CAPS2 music are not suitable for children. Yes, people have rights, they can view whatever they want. If @CAPS4 wants to watch a movie rated @CAPS1 or drink a beer, it's a parent's choice to let @CAPS4 see that movie instead of the guy running the store. If you are under age, the store owner should have the right to tell you that you cannot enter the store or buy his products. Can a storage admin tell your @CAPS4 not? Some people will say yes to it, while others will say no. If your @CAPS4 tries to buy a movie with guns, blood, and killings that you don't want your @CAPS4 to own, you might get mad if the store owner makes your @CAPS4 buy it. On the other hand, if this store owner told you @CAPS4 that he was not allowed to buy the movie, you might be offended. If rating @CAPS1 is based on maturity, how does this shop owner know how mature your @CAPS4 really is? Your @CAPS4 is probably someone who likes to copy what they see in the movie, the owner doesn't know if that's true. He doesn't know this @CAPS4, he can't say if he's mature enough to watch this movie with guns, blood and killing. If this @CAPS4 watched this movie he asked @CAPS4 to buy it and then @CAPS4 went out to kill, how would this shop owner feel, and how would you feel if that happened? If there were age restrictions, this would not have happened. If a bunch of @NUM1-year-olds just got their driver's licenses going to the liquor store to buy beer, who's going to stop them from drinking and driving if there's no drinking age limit? Lives are wasted when teens make choices such as drinking and driving. When you're @NUM2, you don't think about what happens when you make a choice, you only think about how fun it is to make a choice. Most 12-@NUM2 year olds are not mature enough to make decisions on the spur of the moment. Some things should have an age limit, maybe not all things in the world, like the weather, your @CAPS4 can buy candy bars or sodas. But the age limit for buying @CAPS1 rated movies, alcohol, guns, knives excluded. What would the world look like if kids walked around with these things? With a certain age limit, these things won't be a problem
What are you doing in the library? In the early days, the library used to be where you went to study. They're not computers, so you'll have to look up your work in the library's educational books. Is this really what people are doing in libraries now, or are people reading vulgar books, magazines and movies there? The library is designed to be a place where you can work in peace and have a resource of useful educational books. However, now you can go to the library and be tempted to read some books that you shouldn't. Instead, you can always play some kind of game on your computer. The possibilities are endless. People can now go to the library to read magazines, movies or books: porn, drugs, aklo, or worse. Is this really something you want your kids to accidentally pick up at the library? I personally witnessed a kid pick up a porn magazine in the library and his mom had to grab it very quickly before he had a chance to read the magazine. Libraries should not be used for this purpose, and the hospitality of young children who accidentally see these materials should not occur in libraries. There are also bad music that some people can listen to, your kids can listen to. What if they want to keep listening? Yes, the world does have a huge impact on what is put into the library. Because, drugs, sex, scandals, and achlocol seem to be the things most teenagers are interested in at some point in their youth. But a library is a community building, and no one can stop some people from coming in and getting these vulgar things easily. After the young people read, read, and listened to it, their minds were completely shaken. And, this needs to be controlled. Women and children will find all this material objectionable. These materials require more scrutiny than they currently do. A library should be a safe place where people can go to study or pick up a book and not want to see something they shouldn't. Many people find this offensive. Yes, at the end of the day, the library is a good place, but those who don't use the library for legitimate reasons are why these materials need to be reviewed in the library
A library card is one thing kids look forward to all the time. This is the first ID that many children can carry with them. This card opens up a whole new world of entertainment and stories that can take you anywhere you want to go. Once a child has a library card, they can view any book they want from the library's vast array of items. But how do you prevent young children from viewing books, movies or magazines about inappropriate adult material? A solution to this problem should be formed so that people are protected from material they don't want to see in books, movies or any other source of entertainment. Libraries today often have a dedicated children's section, with shelves full of picture books and short stories. The rest of the building is a fragment of books and other materials, sorted only by author name and genre. The only way to get an idea of what the project is about is to flip through the pages or read the back cover and try to find clues to the plot development. This can be dangerous at times, as not all materials give a concrete summary of what happened. I once rented a movie hoping it would be a horror thriller about a trailer park killer. It ended up being scary for another reason, as multiple uncensored sex scenes were shown in the first few minutes of the feature. I didn't know the movie would involve such a scene, and I was disgusted without any warning. I believe such items should be in a separate area, or at least need a summary of the offensive material in it. Libraries can collect comments from viewers and let people who have checked out an item write what they think about it. People can then read those comments before viewing the item. Audience reviews would be a great way to get other people's opinions on what the project contains before they decide to rent. Another effective way to solve this problem is to give the material a specific rating, such as the rating of the movie when it is released in theaters. Specific ratings warn viewers or readers not to check out offensive or inappropriate items. Libraries can also give specific age ranges based on the item's rating, and will not allow anyone under a certain age limit to borrow books from the building. Ratings will help prevent objectionable books from falling into the hands of kids or anyone who doesn't want to be exposed. The library has all the different types of material on any topic you can think of. They can open up a whole new world to learn and play, but also a world of inappropriate items. I think items with offensive material should be placed in a separate area or given a certain rating to warn people before checking. It is also helpful to allow viewers to comment on the material. Libraries are a great place to be full of great stories and adventures, so they shouldn't be tainted with offensive and inappropriate material
Do you find the books you read offensive? How about music or magazines? Of course I won't. I can't think of any reason why anyone would be offended by a book they choose to read. If you sit down and think about it, there should be plenty of reasons for someone to be offended by a book written for the public. I'm sure there may be some books with offensive words or actions, but unless they're aimed at the reader, or intended to offend someone, it's just a book. Many books, especially history books, use the language and behavior used at the time. They use them to show you and inform you of how you were in the past and how you were at the time. It's not very common, or I've never seen, that an author writes a book just to disappoint someone. I tend to read books just to explain things and use offensive words to show things as they are and set the tone for the book. On the other hand, music can be considered different. Many people may receive music in the wrong way. Most of the offensive issues that music generates come from the rap genre. Rappers tend to express themselves thoroughly and often use very offensive language when doing so. I personally don't get bothered by music as they usually refer to their own lives and how things are going. Music can also be on the bright side. When you get calm and group music, it tends to help people and can be used to help people relax. So the music can be either way, but it's mostly about who the person is and how they react to what they're listening to. Then you have magazines. I personally think they are the worst. Magazines tend to go one way or another. They either demean a person and treat them completely negatively, or they are positive and only say good things about them. A big problem with magazines is that they write what they hear and want to hear and don't always know the full story. In this case, there is a good chance that they are very offensive to the person or group they are talking about. Magazines always have a positive side, but if there is a positive side, they have a harsh negative. In these respects, I believe there is nothing wrong with the library. There will always be negatives and positives, but libraries tend to stick to the positives. Plus, if a book looks like it might end up offending you, no one can tell you that you can't put it down and stop reading. With music, only buy what you like and don't listen to that music if you are easily offended. Libraries just give you a chance to get what you like. There's no reason someone can't help but go in and pick up an offensive book. Speaking of which, it can go either way. As long as you use your good judgment, I don't believe there is anything wrong with library review.
Imagine your favorite books, songs and movies. The ones you love to watch, hear or read a million times. Those who check out the library again and again because you like it so much. Now imagine it disappeared from the library. How is this going? You think it's checked out, but then you find out it's been taken down because someone found it objectionable. what can you do? When you go to a library, you usually expect a huge selection of books and other materials. Libraries help many people of all ages choose whatever interests them. This is one of the reasons why libraries are so popular among all. If libraries start removing items they find objectionable from their shelves, many people will no longer be able to find all the items they love. I believe everyone has the right to have their opinion. Libraries should accommodate as many people as possible. Removing material from the shelf @MONTH1 makes some people happy, but it also takes away items that many find interesting. If an objectionable item is found, the library should not remove it from the shelf. Doing so may result in reduced material for all ages. If you find something objectionable, all you have to do is not check the book or other material. In the words of Katherine Paterson, "If I have the right to take a book off the shelf -- a job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we No books are left on the shelves for any of us. I believe that if items are removed from the shelves, there is less for others to enjoy. Taking material off the shelves is unfair to all readers. Everyone has Your favorite book or movie that you like to read or watch. If someone disagrees with this, it will not only keep you from reading or watching your favorite content, but it will also turn off other readers who don't have the opportunity to have their say on the material .Many people have different opinions on what they find objectionable. While some @MONTH1 think some book topics are too vivid for readers, others @MONTH1 don't think that's not the case. Take a book like @LOCATION1 A popular children's book like @CAPS1. For some, this @MONTH1 is one of the best books ever written. If anyone disagrees with this and finds it too serious or offensive for younger readers, A lot of new readers will never know about this book. They will never have the opportunity to express their opinion. I feel like library censorship is an extreme expression of personal opinion. It's natural to disagree with someone. people who have a different opinion on some genres of music or movies. It's not fair to people to remove material from the shelves. If everyone took their least favorite book off the shelf and replaced it with a book they liked better, very Soon the library will be full of things that only reach certain readers. Libraries are designed to satisfy everyone's desires and tastes. All in all, it's not fair to take an item off the shelf because it offends someone. In fact, I believe Doing this will cause more problems for people. Many @MONTH1 folks even decide they don't want to go to the library anymore if someone expects to borrow an item that is no longer available due to censorship. The great thing about a library is that you have a ton of items There are options to choose from. A library would no longer be a place to enjoy if it was reviewed. Reviewing material is like telling readers that their opinions are less important than those of those who find it objectionable. I believe that if you find something So objectionable that you don't want it to be available for borrowing at the library, first think about what you would do if the library didn't have your favorite stuff. Because after all, what you think is offensive to @MONTH1 is for other people Said to be the best thing in the world.
Everyone has books they don't like or approve of. What if one of your kids comes home from the library with one of these books? My take on library review is if you don't like it, don't read it. I think they should have a kids section and an adult section in the library so you don't have to worry about that. If a child wants an adult section of the book, then he or she needs to be accompanied by a parent. That way children don't take home any books their parents don't agree with or allow them to read. If you're an adult and you don't like a book, don't read it at all. Maybe other readers liked the book and didn't want it off the shelves. They can't say the reason they want it taken off the shelf is because they don't want the kids there to see it, because the kids there need permission there anyway to view the book. I think this way makes it easier for all readers to enjoy the library, they don't have to worry about picking a book they don't like or their parents don't approve of
Do I think certain books, music, movies, magazines should be removed from our library. No, I don't think they should be removed, they can be placed in another part of the library, away from all the other non-offensive books. If they do decide to remove the books, the children will have a hard time learning the truth. Book publishers only put what they want kids to learn. Most of the time, they ignore the details about what really happened. So many kids come home every day and sit there or cause trouble if they take out offensive books, music, movies, and magazines. From my own experience, I enjoy reading, listening and watching objectionable material they want to bring out of our library. So if you don't like these objectionable materials then don't watch them, it will solve your problem and teach your kids to do it. In general, I think they should keep offensive material. If people still complain, move it to another part of the library, a separate room or something like that. This should solve the problem of children reading, listening and watching these kinds of things.
If you are against censorship, be a parent or a responsible child. Censorship is indeed inevitable and it shouldn't be an issue. If you don't want to read magazines, books, or movies, don't. Every day there are countless people who avoid watching and avoid watching, and many people do watch those bad movies. It's a personal choice, you don't have to touch it if you don't want to. Those who oppose censorship will try some ways to keep your kids away from bad guys or yourself, but don't try to remove it entirely. One reason for censorship is because it provides a lot of information and expands your mind in different ways. The material or bad material you get from it is your choice to read. But I think some of them are good for kids, not spoil them. This way the kids can expand their imaginations there too. But I do think kids should wait until they reach a certain age to read or watch this material until they are mature enough to separate reality from fiction. It also teaches good @CAPS1 that you may not have learned elsewhere. Many of these articles are about real life and what is happening today. I think it's great for kids and adults to understand what's going on in the world. If you keep children in the dark, then you have no chance of giving them any rights. Any parent can tell a child that something is not good for them, but you can never really know unless you experience it yourself. They can decide for themselves and usually they do what is best. Another reason for censorship is that it can be an escape for some people. Some people like to read novels or cheesy things in life. It keeps them working every day. You never know what someone likes to do. If someone is having a bad day and they want to read or watch something they love, only to find that they can't do it right now, there's a good chance that people will lash out. If I can't do what I love, I may get angry or frustrated. It's not always a heated topic. If you want to keep your kids away from it that's fine, but the people who can handle it don't want it not to be accessible to the public. Put it in the library too, because don't give your kid a library pass if you don't want it. But if you do, supervise them while they're there. It costs money to go out and buy books when you can borrow them from the library. People who don't have money or don't want to own the books shouldn't pay for them because it can keep it from anyone who needs it. The final reason for censorship is that it keeps people interested. It also teaches a lot of information. Not only is it entertaining, but you learn a lot of vocabulary from these books. I personally learn most of @CAPS1 from books, and I hardly ever pay for any of them. A library gives you the same information when you don't have the money to buy all the books you want, but it's easier to get than going to the store. Who finds it offensive, that's fine. No one is forcing you to take these items off the shelf, and what others see is not there. If people really want to read these items, they'll ban them from one place in one way or another, and that won't remove censorship from our world. Children have been exposed to this situation in school and on TV. If they want to understand the real world, they need to learn more than just proper material. Censorship is considered good, bad and neutral. No one is forcing you to look at it, but on the other hand, no one can force you to stay away from it. Let people make their own decisions there. If you keep complaining, there will be plenty of complaints coming back to you. Censorship should be seen as "sticks break my bones, but words never hurt me". That being said, don't avoid the inevitable.
I don't think these types of books should be taken off the shelves. Everyone has their own likes and dislikes about music, books, movies, magazines, etc. If the reader doesn't like the book, then the reader won't keep reading the book. If listeners don't like rap music, then they stop listening and try to find a different type of music. This topic is about personal opinion and choice. If it were me, then I would agree to allow review of the material. I like to get the most out of it. I want to hear the rawness of a song or the anger of the characters in the book. I don't want to see a bunch of little stars on a censored word. I want to see that word and feel its full effect. I'm actually reading the very controversial book "@CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1". As you @MONTH1 know, the author of this book is named @PERSON1. Another thing @MONTH1 knows about is the use of "@CAPS2-word". This is a very controversial book because instead of calling people of color black or people of color, he calls them "@CAPS2-word" throughout most of the book. Most people now think it's very racist. But in the age of @LOCATION1 it was very commonly spoken and used in his society. It wasn't racist back then, I mean it still is, but it wasn't as controversial as it is today. Now critics and some readers disagree with the term, arguing that the book should not be in a library or read because of that fact. I have to disagree. I understand why he used the word, it was a common word of his day. If you take that word out of the book, you lose some of the history of the Old South. People have freedom of speech and can say whatever they want, whether in writing or orally. Honestly, I said some of those things that were censored. Most of the time I say these things when I'm angry with myself or another person. People can't control what we say, so why should they control what we write or sing? Just an idea. That said, on the other hand, I can see why people don't want these censored words. Maybe they just don't want their little one to say a censored word to the teacher or other classmates in class. It's understandable, but you can't protect your child from scrutiny. They are everywhere. From video games to movies and even most books now. You cannot control what other people do or say. It is their freedom to do whatever they want.
I don't think the library review is correct for a number of reasons. The first reason is that all books and content that public libraries provide to the community should be accessible to all. The second reason is that what you might think is inappropriate, may not be appropriate for someone. The last reason is that the author has the right to express how he feels about the book without worrying that his book might fall off the shelves of the public library. The first reason I think censorship is incorrect is that everything in the library should be open to the community. For example, if a student needs to study how black slaves were treated throughout history, he may not find a book and no information about it because some people think such a book is offensive to black people, so in this case Due to library censorship, the student will not be able to find any information on his subject, so instead of going to the library, he has to go somewhere else where he may find the wrong type of information. The second reason is that what you may consider offensive may not be towards another person. So why does your opinion affect another person. It's not fair that one's opinions limit one's options when going to the library. Censorship may take away your favorite public library series because a group of people finds it offensive. My last reason is that the author has the right to express his book the way he wants without worrying that his book might be pulled off the shelves of public libraries because of its content. The content of a book is sometimes needed to make the book descriptive and interesting to the reader. What you might consider objectionable is what really helps readers better understand the book. That's why I don't think censorship is correct. Because if we censor public libraries, there won't be any books left on our shelves for us to read. So that's why I support my point of view.
No book should be taken off the shelf for any reason. Books are a very important part of most people's daily lives. Whether they're for school or just for fun, they serve a good purpose and are always helpful. People have different preferences and interests, and everyone wants to be able to read what they want without worrying about whether those books will be available tomorrow. For some, books are the good old days. They can help you learn and even help you cope with difficult life situations. Books are the world to most people, and without them these people would not know how to live their lives. No one should loudly take something important to other people, even if it's offensive. All books have a purpose and a message they want to get out of, otherwise the author wouldn't have taken the time to write them down and get published. An author writes to tell people a story, and for better or worse, he or she wants to spread the story to inform people. These stories are obviously important to the authors, but also to the readers who love their books. An author shouldn't be punished just because someone was offended by what he or she wrote. If people are so offended then they should stay away from a book by a certain author. There are a lot of books out there and a lot of different authors to choose from. They don't have to give an opinion about some authors just because they don't like the possibility of others. There are a lot of books out there, and there will likely always be one that offends someone. If we threw away every book that offended people, we wouldn't have many books left, and without books we would have nothing. Books are a key point in education and everyday life for most people. If people just keep getting offended and taking them off the shelves, we're not going to learn the new ideas the authors have for us. Books need to stay on the shelf. They matter to everyone, whether they want to admit it or not. Without books, people would not be what they are today
Libraries should review some of the materials they make available to the public. This is important because children can easily be exposed to objectionable material. Censorship is very important for libraries as we do not want our children to be exposed to objectionable material in the library. Libraries don't even have to get rid of objectionable material taken off their shelves. A good idea for them is to move them all to the adult area so the kids can't see them. Libraries don't lose money, they keep young people away from things that don't work for them. They have no reason to give people access to material that might offend other people. I think there are only a few reasons why people should get offensive material. Someone might need to use a book with offensive content, but they'll all be taken elsewhere. I think it depends on how aggressive the materials are as to whether they should be removed from the shelf. While I'm divided on the issue, there are some good reasons to keep objectionable material off the shelf. These materials are not for the youth of our country and they should not be exposed to them. We should review libraries so they don't get hurt
Pre-order @CAPS1 @CAPS2 My name is @CAPS3 and I don't think @CAPS4 books, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves because. Books help people read and concentrate. As far as I'm concerned, the more books the better, and these books have been keeping us busy here. Without them, we would have no bref discripson or what happened in the past. Books have always been here to support us, and every story has to have some interesting details. Without books, I don't know what we would do without them. Books have been the greatest thing in my life, @CAPS5 it hurts after letting us know you don't want to get rid of them, you made us read them as kids, so what's the point of getting this far when we get rid of them. There is a lot to learn about our people and how we live in magazines. We have reached the top. At least when we read, we know how to do certain things. For example, you remember that you always hated reading as a kid, but now, a whole new change has entered your life, and you now know what to do. My favorite book I've ever read is @CAPS6, @CAPS5 doesn't fit, but @CAPS5 also makes sense. We have to keep these stories alive, and I'm not going to let you take away what we love to do. I love books and I hate seeing them disappear. The books were here when we were kids and we had to stay behind. Reading is the best thing in life, and @CAPS5 helps us clear our minds. Thanks for reading, I was able to explain so much to you and how much I support these books. @CAPS5 will destroy our country, state, city, school and reading club, so please don't delete our book, that's all we ask, you will not only make me happy, but our readers very happy. Thanks for reading this and have a nice day
Although it may offend some, material in the library that might be considered "offensive" is actually worth keeping. If people who find material in the library objectionable are disturbed by the lack of scrutiny in the library itself, they should reconsider the situation and think that if the audience finds the "offensive" material left in the library an appropriate preparation experience they. If a person does not want to be exposed to things in the library that might be considered objectionable, then they can avoid the material entirely. If parents find material in the library objectionable, they should monitor their children when they visit the library. Material that might be considered offensive to @MONTH1 is actually great educational medium from which people can learn. If @CAPS1 in the library increases, "then there are no more books on any of our shelves." @CAPS1 in the library should stay the same as it is now. Some books, movies and any other number of things that can be found in the library are flagged as inappropriate. However, these materials can be educational and should not be removed from libraries entirely just because some are found to be too vulgar, vulgar or too adult for young people. Parents should monitor their children in the library lest they stumble upon things they don't want them to see. If something is marked by a parent as inappropriate for a child to watch, it is the parent's responsibility to ensure that their child does not stumble upon it. To this day, much of what @MONTH1 considers inappropriate and needs to be reviewed in the library actually has some educational value or significance. Some books and movies are based on true stories that take place that parents may declare "not suitable for children". However, that doesn't mean that libraries should have to remove these materials from their shelves just because parents @MONTH1 don't think or necessarily agree that it's appropriate for their children to read or read. It is the responsibility of parents to ensure that their children do not check for content they deem inappropriate. Many things in libraries that may be considered unsuitable for children have good educational value and should not be removed from library shelves just because parents find it unsuitable for their children. @CAPS1 in the library should be the same as it is now so that those who want to watch or read stories or movies can do so without buying. If parents want to rave about how the library keeps materials that are not suitable for their children, they can either skip the library altogether, or if they take their children on library tours, they can monitor their children closely. I find that when I visit my library, I see it as a source of knowledge gathered in one place, written and authored by thousands of authors, all of whom have spent their own time creating it. If we were to remove these books or movies from the library, I think that would take away people's rights to the material that the library is supposed to provide. @CAPS1 in the library should be the same as it is today so that people can enjoy all the content in it, even if some of it is flagged as inappropriate by parents
Imagine a world where almost every other book is banned for some reason. That world is not the world I want to live in. I think the review of the library is wrong. Actually, for three reasons, the first is that people have the right to have whatever information they wish to have. Second, people have no power to take opportunities away from others. The last thing I want to say is that no information is bad information. Since we're at @LOCATION1, I'm assuming we're talking about censorship in the @CAPS1 library. If so, then I think it is unconstitutional to ban any book or censor any material. Censoring books is like blindfolding the person who is reading the material. They don't see its real face or intended purpose. If the prompt does include foreign countries, then I don't think humans have the right to influence what other people read. This is idealistic, yes, in a perfect world, all nations would have equal rights, regardless of race or gender. I think people should look at everything the way it is. If anything is offensive, it's offensive. Reading or not listening is a personal choice. This brings me to my last point, no information can be bad information. Whether it's blasphemous, or offensive in any way, there's always some meaning behind it. From rappers like @PERSON2 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I find all of their songs have meaning, whether it's personal or they're trying to send a message to people. Books like @CAPS4 for @LOCATION2 by @ORGANIZATION1 were recently banned by some school libraries because of the graphics scene. Whoever banned the book didn't realize that the book wasn't about those scenes. There is a deeper message about guilt and grief, and the redemption that lies beneath it. Another more famous book banned from school libraries is @CAPS5 in @PERSON1's @CAPS6, a coming-of-age story about a boy. In conclusion, I don't think it's right to ban books or music from libraries. No one has the right to do this. There is always meaning inside. The way an author writes a story or music always makes sense; they made a conscious decision to write it that way for a reason. By banning books, they are taking advantage of opportunities for people to grow and expand.
Review is very important, especially when you cite the library. I believe everyone has the right to have an opinion. If a book, magazine, movie, etc. offends a particular person or a variety of people, those people should consult an authoritative official and decide what their thoughts or feelings are and what their options are. There are many different types of minorities, racial groups, and differences in political groups in the world (@CAPS1 and @CAPS2). Although these separate groups are distinct from each other, they all have one thing in common. No matter who believes what and who supports whom, everyone's voice is always different. Some @MONTH1 find it rather offensive to specific individuals to display specific materials on library shelves. As others like me have said, as mentioned earlier, if you have questions about what is shown, then you should contact someone who will listen to what you have to say. For example, I can't express my desire to take something off a library shelf just because I'm someone who thinks the material deserves attention. Not everything is up to me. It is very rude to say that something is offensive to me and may not be offensive to someone else. Just because I disapprove of something, I don't have the right to deliberately take something off the shelf. It's all about freedom of speech. But yes, you do have the right to say what's bothering you, but you don't have the privilege to do what you want at any time because you have an objection. Granted, we all think we don't want to see inappropriate material on library shelves, especially for children, and libraries should primarily consider restricting certain areas of the library to adults only. I understand that suggestive material can be a cause for concern, so for any concerned officials, adults and parents, not allowing certain materials to be seen by children of a certain age would be a very good idea.
A few months ago, I was searching for the perfect book at my local library. After an hour of searching, I settled on one. When I checked it, I was happy with my choice. As I anxiously started reading my book, I discovered language, substance abuse, and pornography. As a teenager, I did not want or need to be exposed to any inappropriate material. No one should be exposed to this, and because of this experience, I believe library censorship is a must. Due to pornography, substance abuse, and foul language, one must be at least 17 years old to buy a ticket to a rated-@CAPS1 movie. I believe that if movies are like this, so should books, magazines and music. @CAPS2 Literature is unnecessary and inappropriate for any age. The world shows children certain works of literature and then is shocked when they see children in prisons, gangs and other horrific situations. The world has set their standards too low, and kids in today's society are following in our footsteps. Author Katherine Paterson once said, “…if I have the right to take that book off the shelf—job I hate—then you have the same right, and so do everyone else. "The @CAPS2 quote shows the impact people have on future generations. Everyone has their own opinion, @CAPS2 is mine. As a daily reader, my voice could never be quieter. I had to stand up and say something. I belong to a generation that is being greatly affected by the world in a negative way. The first step to changing this is to set high standards. Protect future generations and review what children are allowed to access. It gets better when libraries choose to censor and remove objectionable material from their shelves. If the library reviews the material, the next time I'm trying to find the perfect book, I will.
Everyone has their own opinion on censorship. Some people think that in some cases it's perfectly fine, but others disagree. I'm someone who thinks there should be a review in some cases. Schools have the right to censor the content in the library for students to read, especially magazines. Some magazine articles are not suitable for class time or even school buildings. School @MONTH1 doesn't want something inappropriate on the shelf where students can see it. Censorship is easier to understand in elementary school. Libraries for underclassmen should be monitored more carefully. Younger kids, like elementary-aged kids, don't really know what they should and shouldn't read. In public libraries, things are a little different. Parents can often monitor what their children check. Most adults know to read the summary on the back of the book to understand what is being examined. If the abstract is too vague, then they know to read a few pages of the book. A few times, I went to the public library and read a book that I thought was a suspense. When I got home and started reading, I realized I was wrong. This book is a love book that I don't want to read. So, I returned the book to the library. Most of the time, you can read the synopsis on the back of the book, but that doesn't always reveal much about the book. So, the best thing you can do is read a few pages before you read. Everyone has the right to express their opinion on the review. I believe something that can be checked in some cases should be reviewed. In other cases, it should be up to adults and parents to decide what they want to be allowed to check.
Well, if one person has rights to something, it is only fair that other people have rights to the same thing. It's like having six kids in one room, and there's no reason at all to just give three kids a cookie when the other three won't now. So if one person owns that book, and another person wants the same book, they will have every right to take that book, and there's really nothing to say to them. I know what it's like to not have the same rights as everyone else, like once my teacher gave my friend a piece of gum for no reason and I was pissed because I didn't get a piece of gum I thought if he got a piece of gum for no reason, Then the rest of us should get one for no reason. like saying you give one right then you should give that right to another now i can understand if three are involved in a fight and the third is just standing there looking no right to go to jail but those two are fighting people then they have every right to sit in jail and think about the fight now the third person who is watching he has no right to remain in any fight video he will get a ticket
what do i think? When I heard about the problems some libraries were having; I thought to myself. What's the biggest problem with censoring movies, disks, books, and magazines? I know that children should not be heard or read by the language around them. The book with the photo @MONTH1 is also not very obvious to the eyes of our young children. The library should come up with a solution. I'm thinking if they wanted to, they could build some books that are only suitable for certain age groups. When people pick up those books on the shelf for a presentation or put that book somewhere else away from the kids, they make the people working harder. They should also be adults if entering the room. Adults must be @NUM1 years or older. If a child is found in their aloun, library staff will contact the child's parent as a @NUM2 violation. The second time you encounter the same thing. @NUM3 times you get caught, you get a call from your parents and get banned from the library @NUM4 times. If you live in a big city, @MONTH1 has a bigger and better library. Some libraries have so many books that you may need to find a cherry picker to get them. I know I'm getting a little off topic now, but that's part of what I'm going to talk about. They are large libraries and small libraries. It's almost like the difference between preschool and college. Now that's a big difference. I think cities with more population should consist of two library parties. The one on the left is for toddlers between @NUM5 - @NUM6. This library will be busy. The library will include a daycare so parents can search for a book in complete silence. @NUM7 - cidren of age @DATE1 will also be in the library on the left, but as a nova. They will have books made specifically for their age range. You can also watch TV or play non-violent games on your computer. The library on the right looks like a replica on the left, but the interior is completely different. The reason for this is that the kids won't try to get in because it looks cooler than the other. Our children honor us in many different ways. Some @MONTH1 includes responding to our every move. So when they see what you watch, listen to, or even read; they probably want to do the same. Knowing what I think most of you have learned from this is how to keep your kids the same. I don't mean to say they were hurt or anything, but to help them stay awake and not know what they should be doing at NUM8. So, I want to tell you again, we can solve this problem. We want to keep your kids away from bad things
No, I don't think certain materials should not be removed from the shelf because I don't see them being offensive to other people. Even its war movies tell about what these guys went through, where they fought and lost friends. You just don't see people just killing and shooting, you see the emotions of men and their emotions towards you. Every book out there should stay there because some people need it to complete a project or research that person, and many books have a lot of history for you to study. I think the only thing that should be removed is music because if its rap or anything like that shouldn't be allowed in the library, it will bring hate and killing to this country and it shouldn't be allowed. Some magazines should be allowed, like racing, sports or military, but all the other bad stuff should be left out because if they see it, the stuff that shouldn't get into their minds. This is how I feel about the whole idea
There are all kinds of books, movies, and even magazines out there. Most libraries have plenty of options for all types of readers or those who want to watch a movie. They can even have things that young people shouldn't read. Have you ever wondered what would happen if a toddler caught something he/she shouldn't read? There's a lot of talk when it comes to things like this. Some of them shouldn't be seen until older. That's why I think there should be a specific section that only allows a certain age. When it comes to books, there will always be some that are not suitable for young people. They can include a variety of things that can harm a child for life. Some of the things they might read might be things their parents want to talk to them about later. Books are great for learning, don't get me wrong, but some are relevant for adults. There are so many books that kids can read now, and parents don't have to worry about them reading. Another way a library can help is to put a movie in a section. Libraries can create a section called "Family and Kids". This section would be the perfect place where parents don't have to worry about their kids getting the wrong idea from the movie. In our library we have this section. My grandma and I always go there to find an incredible family movie to watch together. Finding a great family movie to watch is the best feeling ever. Finally, the last way a library can help is to make sure the child is old enough to borrow a book or watch a movie. Obviously, @NUM1's kids shouldn't go to a movie rated @CAPS1, that's wrong. Libraries should ensure that children are at the correct age to view movies. That's why studios rate movies so they can give people an idea of how good or bad it is. Also, the library should make sure that the child is looking at the appropriate type of magazine or book. People who work there can read it before and make sure it's the right type of book they should be reading. There are countless ways to protect the minds of young people. I don't think libraries should ban books, magazines, movies or even music. I think they should make sure kids are checking what they are allowed to read. Books are a great way to learn things, but they should learn something appropriate for their age. Libraries are places for us to learn and enjoy. I'm sure people would get upset if they banned something they liked. They should pay attention to what the children are looking at. thank you for your time.
The last thing I want my kids to see in @CAPS1 is objectionable material. @CAPS1 is considered a study area. A place for people to learn about new things and expand their knowledge. Having dirty magazines, pornographic films, objectionable music or inappropriate websites available to children completely defeats the purpose of having a safe learning environment. My point is that libraries should be used primarily for educational purposes. That means there should be age-appropriate books and magazines. Computers are also a great resource, but can contain a lot of objectionable material. My point of view on this question is that computers in @CAPS1 should be monitored. If someone wants to find inappropriate images and websites, they should do it on their own time, in the privacy of their own home. It should not be allowed to be used in public places where innocent children come into contact. It's not fair to the kids and it's not fair to the parents trying to protect them from this suggestive material. I'm sure many people will disagree with my advice. However, those @MONTH1's are the kind of people who aren't morally like me, or those who don't have kids to take care of. Or maybe they just don't care that much about it. They will argue that there is really no need to monitor the computer, or that they have blocked the site. Yes, they @MONTH1 think no real harm. But @MONTH1 just because they grew up that way, it caused them to think in the same way. For magazines, some @MONTH1 think kids are sometimes exposed to suggestive material, so why not now? But if everyone starts thinking this way, all morality will be forgotten. In some cases, ethics may not be an issue at all. In fact, religion may be the most important issue. A lot of people are religious and their particular religion @MONTH1 is against looking at suggestive and "unholy" material. Parents don't want to walk into @CAPS1 with their kids and find they start with images that go against their beliefs. They will think it loses the innocence of the child. Making these things public and available to children and teens may inadvertently send them a message that indulging in sexual activity is acceptable, but not according to their religious beliefs. When I was a little girl, I remember going to @CAPS1 often with my mom to pick out books for school. I distinctly remember seeing some naughty magazines on the table as I walked towards the children's area. My mom was amazed they had places like that in the open air, especially right where the children's books are. She complained to one of the librarians and asked them to remove them. The librarian apologized and agreed that the location of the magazine was a bit out of place. My mom has been a bit skeptical and scared to go to that @CAPS1 ever since. I guess that's why I'm so involved with this question and this informative article. I'm not writing this to blame anyone or judge people's beliefs. Rather, my purpose in writing this article is to inform the public about these issues and to explain my point of view. I don't see a reason to have these materials on hand on @CAPS1 where almost anyone can access them. I don't understand if I need to get them on @CAPS1, or if I don't need them at all. I hope that by reading this article, I have opened the eyes of some concerned parents, or at least made them aware of it. thank you for your time. Sincerely, @PERSON1
What would you think if someone took one of your books just because it had @CAPS1 language or something nasty? I mean of course some books should be censored, but in doing so you exclude @CAPS1 great novels of the past. These novels were acceptable at the time. If you want to review books, do so in your own library. Personally, I don't believe in censorship of books. If the author intends to write the book this way, then the writing should stay that way. Censorship destroys books and multiple students' study sessions. If a textbook has @CAPS1 graphic text between the covers, you will review it. There are tons of books with bad language and bad ideas. These books were written to educate our civilization. If you take away these books, then you will damage our society's ability to learn. Books, I believe unless you're a self-conscious person, shouldn't be objectionable. Reading is an enjoyable experience, and it shouldn't be spoiled by censorship. In my personal experience, I have no problem reading fine novels with @CAPS1 minor graphic details. I don't care if there are clear words in my reading. Still, @CAPS1 no one wants to delete objectionable articles, not for the public good, but for the personal benefit. These offensive tactics are a disgrace to literature and culture. @CAPS1 Books written in the world today are far less explicit than they once were. Therefore, we will create unwanted barriers. When @CAPS2 @CAPS3 burned @CAPS4 books, we almost lost the culture and literature of an entire civilization. This shouldn't happen in today's literature. If we censor the books in the library, then we lose some aspect of our culture. The review of reading articles in our library should be kept in the personal library, and only for the personal library. Libraries are public for a reason. In conclusion, censorship should not be placed in libraries as it would disrupt public literature. If these books are meant to be read that way, so be it. We are not destroyers of classical literature, nor should we be.
I don't believe they should be taken off the shelves because @CAPS1 people still come and buy that stuff. @CAPS1 people say it's not kid friendly, "then keep your kids away from it." @CAPS1 people don't like it, @CAPS1 people love it. I'm one of those people who loves that kind of stuff because no one can tell us what we can and can't see or what to say. If we want to see that kind of thing or read what we can, this is our life. No one tells people that half of them read it or even watch it. If you don't like it don't watch it. @CAPS2 This kind of stuff should be in a place where you know what to look for, away from kids @CAPS2 shouldn't even be a problem. @CAPS2 just people who think they are advanced and think if you look at that or read that or read that you are a dirty package. That is opinion. In conclusion, I think if you don't read @CAPS2 or watch @CAPS2, then you are trying to be something you are not. Trying to be better than anything else will get your upperclassmen reading stuff like this. Something like @CAPS2 we all laughed.
It seems to me that @MONTH1 offends someone that books should be on the shelf. This means that people should be allowed to look at them in the library and read them, even if some people find the books particularly objectionable, or @MONTH1 is considered objectionable. A person should be able to read an article without feeling that someone wrote that book, article or magazine to offend others. Yes, but at the same time, the readers themselves should choose a book that doesn't make you uncomfortable. If you're a footballer, don't pick a book that discriminates against footballers to read as it's likely to upset you or make you uncomfortable. Well let's say you want to read a book that discriminates against football players and it does make you uncomfortable please don't take the book and go and complain to someone about how the book or article makes you feel if you choose it to start and. If it makes you uncomfortable, put the book or article down. No one is forcing you to read or view it. People should be allowed to read any type of books they like, and anything that interests them. Just because an article or book offends you, doesn't mean it offends others. If we take all the books, articles, magazines off the shelves in the library, there will be no books for us to read because every book offends at least one person. The film itself is another issue. There are many types of movies where people do things in the movie to make it funny, scary, shocking, silly, etc. If you don't swear that you go to see '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' you will find it offensive because every word they say is swearing. If you don't like @CAPS4 people jumping out of strange places to scare you, then you don't watch "@CAPS3". @CAPS4 People who find a movie offensive or dislike will usually try to hype it up and sue the people who made it. You're causing more trouble than it's worth by doing so. Movies are like books, if we take all the movies out of the movie store, and just the general store that offends at least one person in any case, we don't have any movies to watch because at the end of the day; there's a lot Movies can offend some people and make them uncomfortable. In conclusion, if you find a movie, song, book, article or magazine offensive, get over it. Put that book or anything out of your reach, because at the end of the day, no one is going to help you sue a writer, producer, or music production company for something they wrote, directed, or sang that offended them you. In my opinion, you should only watch what you are interested in, what you like, and listen to the songs you usually listen to
Should books, music, magazines, etc. be removed from objectionable shelves? Everyone has their own opinion on this issue. In my years of reading, I have read some questionable books. I wouldn't say other people can't relate to it. Personally, I don't think anything should be removed from the shelf. Growing up, our parents tried to keep us away from things that don't need to be seen at that time in our lives. I can agree to age restrictions, but you can't hide everything. Wouldn't it be best to let the kids know what's going on outside before letting them go and see for themselves? You may get multiple answers to this question. My personal opinion @MONTH1 is different from the person sitting next to me, but I think you should have the right to read, see and enjoy what you want. The world is not a safe place, it is scary and mean to people. When I was raising my kids, when they were little, there were things they wouldn't know and wouldn't see. But that's only part of raising kids, and when they get older and start asking questions, I'll answer with facts. Isn't it deceiving our kids by not letting them know these things? I had to say "yes" to this question. By taking these things from young people, we tell them that it doesn't exist, that the world is perfect, and there is nothing wrong with it. Some people would actually say that, but I have to say to them, they didn't live. To this day, racial segregation persists for all, not only against race, but within our own race itself. To sum up my point, I have to say that we should be free to read and see what we want. We shouldn't, and shouldn't, let anyone see it and them and then let them show up in the world and have a complete culture shock. Teach your children what's out there and let them know the truth about the world. Should certain materials be removed from shelves? No, @CAPS1 is judging what we see?
Children around the world find themselves hanging out in libraries every day. These kids are exploring the world of literature to learn and grow. Library @CAPS2 A great place with many literary genres such as children's books, non-fiction books, fiction books, adult books, movies, etc. There are specific genres for specific age groups, and the library has a lot of material that parents can read @CAPS1 if they want their kids to even hear the name. I think it's normal for parents to feel that way @CAPS2, but @CAPS2 @CAPS1 is necessary. Children deserve the right to explore the world of literature as they please. Reading different types of literature @CAPS2 is an excellent way to learn and library shelves should @CAPS1 be deprived of books that take up space. There are many different types of books, movies, magazines and music on the shelves of the library. These are great forms of literature and a way to learn about different things. Although, there are a lot of parents who do @CAPS1 want their kids to be "exposed" so such material. If your child wants to read, let him or her cry! Parents may say that @CAPS2 "corrupts" their kids, but books and music don't corrupt kids, it's the environment and the people around them that say have the power to cause that corruption. @CAPS2 It's a very normal thing for a parent to protect his or her child, but to a certain extent. Parents @CAPS2 should help their children grow and learn from mistakes. They have every right to protect their children from the dangers in the world, but @CAPS1 prevents them from studying literature and art. They are @CAPS1 and should protect their children from all the mistakes in the world, even if @CAPS2 is a book. Literature in all its forms @CAPS2 is a great way to learn. Libraries should not strip the shelves of the wonderful books of the literary world for one's entertainment or study. If a child wants to read a book, they should have the right to read that book. They should be able to explore as they please.
Well, if having an adult child shouldn't, people should be able to get whatever they want, but what can you do. It's not right to take what people love.
Libraries, they are everywhere, they contain millions of books that affect everyone who reads them. Whether reading about @PERSON1 or @CAPS1, there is always something impactful to read. Some books have more adult themes or references to certain topics that most adults don't think are appropriate for readers of a certain age. The question is, is it a good idea to remove books that are now censored? Personal opinion; yes, those types of books are influential, yes it can negatively impact the young people of @DATE1, but everyone has the right to read what they are interested in. Having an impact is one of the main priorities for most reading materials. In most books, there is a point to prove, or a little story to share. Is this a bad thing? Is explaining opinions or explaining life experiences "bad"? No, having experience is only half of life; sharing it is the rest. @ORGANIZATION1 explains one of the bigger failures in @LOCATION1 and how it brutally affected people fighting for their lives and money. Twilight shows the tender side of love, where anyone can be happy just by putting their hearts on someone. These are not just experiences, but things to think about, and it would be a terrible mistake to lose these factors in life. The youth of @DATE1 are mostly portrayed in a negative light. Are they considered monsters, maybe even the offspring of demons; our youth need influence. Reading is one of the main sources of inspiration for students to grow and thrive. Most students find reading boring. In school, you didn't provide what you wanted to read. Make lists and create guidelines so that only certain things are read and taught. Young people need creativity, and books can illuminate their longing minds. Taking away books of interest to students and young people is one of many growing problems that keep people from wanting to read. Teachers, principals, businessmen, and even children deserve the right to read what they like. If you are a sports student and suddenly people think that sports journals and sports themselves are too harmful and influential to people; what do you do when suddenly everything related to sports is taken away? You will lose your career. Romance novelists use the senses and even sexual experiences to convey what's shaking inside everyone. Taking away something so natural in everyday life can have serious consequences; especially for those who love these books so much. The right to revoke the literary works of thousands of authors would also take away the intellectual culture conveyed. Influencing people to think about what everyone sees is not a bad thing because it can be used to motivate people in their lives. Just because someone is a student or child doesn't mean literature rots their minds. Taking away something that contributes to the art of everyday life will slowly create a less creative, creative and inspired world. Not everyone thinks certain books are bad, and I'm one of those thousands.
Should material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be found objectionable, should it be removed from the shelves? Should they put magazines etc in a place appropriate for that age group? Should they enter something with the child in @CAPS1? Should they be in the period of @CAPS1? I think @CAPS1 should have all kinds of books because that's what @CAPS1 is for. But I do think people should ask @CAPS1 to change the way they own these books if they find it offensive to have them open to children. But I also think @CAPS1 should let them book a portion if they have adult stuff and book it. Because their books are not for kids. @CAPS1 should state people's age on the @CAPS1 card so this is a problem for people or @CAPS1. Because then you won't know how old they are. And only @NUM1 can read books and magazines etc, which is not suitable for young children. But I do think it's offensive to people who have young children and who are reading it. This is offensive to those who don't like what this book, music and magazine stand for. One thing I disagree with is that books should be taken off the shelves because there are so many people who come to @CAPS1 just to read books. People who read their books will get upset when you take the book off the shelf. Because personally I love magnifying glasses, books, music and movies, I don't find them offensive in any way. I love these movies because it allows me to do something and watch while I'm at home. I also think the movies and music in @CAPS1 is something we all love. Because it gives me and my friends something to do after school. So if you take what we love, what we have to do when we go to @CAPS1 after school. And being named makes @CAPS1 so fun and calming. @CAPS1 is a place you can come and complain for a day. It would be boring to try to hit shelves without their stuff. People with nothing to do for the day come to @CAPS1 and look for the offensive stuff.
Censorship should not be allowed in the library. People should be able to choose to read or watch whatever they want. Just because one person finds a book objectionable doesn't mean another person will also find it objectionable. Libraries need to make the community think what they think is offensive or not. Some parents say they don't want bad or certain materials in the library because their kids might read it. If parents care that much about what their children see, then they should sit down with their children and discuss why they shouldn't be able to read or watch that type of material. Parents should be able to make their children understand why they shouldn't read or watch certain materials, rather than accuse the library of owning it. If certain books or movies are considered very offensive by the public, they should be placed in a special area. This special area should be clearly marked "@CAPS1 Content" and should only be viewed by adults. This will solve many problems, such as children being able to examine certain materials. Doing so will allow access to such material to those who wish to view it. This would also do the trick, since it's in a back corner or in a less crowded area, so kids won't see it as easily. The best solution to this problem is still to allow libraries to put certain objectionable material in their library. Instead set the age limit to be able to check the material and put it in a different part of the library than the normal material
Do I believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found offensive? I know some parents don't want their kids to read a book about drugs or watch a movie about gangs, but libraries shouldn't take them off their shelves. No movie, book, or magazine will get everyone's approval. Just because some people find it objectionable doesn't mean they should have the right to determine what material is on library shelves, or what is not. One reason I think certain items shouldn't be removed from the library just because some people find it objectionable is because of what Kathryn Patterson said in her citation. She's saying that if there's a book some parents don't want their kids to see, they'll complain and have the right to take it off the library shelf. Then sooner or later more and more parents will come and complain about a different book, movie or magazine every other day. Soon, there were no books, movies, or magazines in the library. Another reason I think we shouldn't have a say in what items the library holds is this. As you know, @LOCATION1 is home to many different cultural families. Some say libraries should allow bibles. Half agreed with this statement, the other half thought it was ridiculous and they were thinking about how to even recommend doing something like this. How will the library handle this situation. If we give people the right to decide what is in the library collection. There's going to be a bunch of people walking in there saying they don't believe in @CAPS1 so they have to get those bibles off the shelf before their kids read it. And then, as soon as the followers of @CAPS1 heard. They would come to that library and complain that they actually took it off the shelf. There is no way to please everyone, so libraries should be able to put whatever they want on their shelves. The third and final reason I think the public doesn't have a say in the matter is if the library was forced to take down certain books or movies because of some people complaining about them. That's why people can't do it at restaurants, movie rental companies, or outlet stores wearing clothes they don't approve of. If it happens to one business, it should happen to every business, in my opinion. The only person who should have a say in what they have in the store/library is the one who pays for it, and that is the owner. It's their responsibility to know what's going on in movies or books, etc. The public must accept these choices. You have to look at it from their perspective. Do you want them to come into your business and start complaining and then be forced out of the project because of them. This is not the right way to handle things. After reading all of my comments, I hope you understand where I'm starting from, and you'll see that it's inhumane to do so. It never was, nor should it be. Obviously, parents don't want their children to see inappropriate things. But it's not our decision, we just have to face the fact that it should be like this
Today, we live in a world with many different political, religious, and personal perspectives; these perspectives will only become more diverse and spread over time. Unfortunately, it's not always easy to cater to everyone in the world. When it comes to libraries, it's harder to prepare different books for all the different viewpoints without offending people with other viewpoints. Let's take @LOCATION1 as an example. There are many people of different races and religions living here. This is a place that has gone through @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and fought racism and slavery. While these are things our country has overcome, there is still debate and disagreement over these issues. When there are different opinions, there will always be different books discussing the same topic from multiple angles. As readers of these books, we need to know what viewpoint this is from and not choose books that go against our personal beliefs. This is where the aggression comes from. We live with many different people and we need to understand that not everyone will have the same view of life. In 8th grade, some friends and I were @CAPS6 @ORGANIZATION1. One of them is pulling her eyes back (like someone would do when imitating @CAPS3 people) because they are itchy. A very pregnant @CAPS3 @CAPS5 woman walked in, pissed at my friend's eye movement. She yelled at us @CAPS6 and said, "I thought your parents raised you better than that." @CAPS6 First of all, we didn't understand what this woman was talking about until we realized our friends had been pulling her sight. This shows us that different people may be offended by different things because of their heritage. There is nothing we can do about our nation's expanding culture. We can't change the opinions of some people to match our own beliefs, nor can we change the fact that all different people will express their opinions and see them as "correct". However, we can change the way we look at these people. We need to understand that there are no "rights" when you are dealing with multiple opinions. @CAPS6 At this point we need to accept everyone else's identities and beliefs because we cannot change those beliefs. So next time you pick up a book at the library @CAPS6, read the abstract and check if the author agrees with you before you take the book home, or your opinions will diverge. No one is offended @CAPS6 if you get a book and you disagree with it or you are offended by it, but you yourself didn't check the author's stance on the topic before starting to read
I feel strongly that every book is created for people to read and gain knowledge about what the various aspects of the book are. If your child is watching something they shouldn't, you should keep your child away from that part. Everyone has different styles of books they like to read and they shouldn't lose those books because kids are reading things they shouldn't. What's the point of a library if you can't put certain materials in the library? My take on library censorship is that the bad parts should keep children out. All libraries are divided into different sections, eg; fiction, non-fiction, fantasy, children's books. These sections are created for a reason. If people choose to let their kids read, that's fine with me. Although those parents who disagree can go to a different library. I feel like if that parent complains and no one else has, they shouldn't be allowed into that library anymore. I don't believe certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be excluded from the library. Just because, one doesn't appreciate their child picking up a book they shouldn't have. I feel like parents should be responsible for what their kids are looking at, rather than having the library take books off the shelves. For educational reasons, everything from books to movies is kept in the library. They should be the law that these things are put into the library for some reason, and if the client doesn't like that, they can go somewhere else. My own experience volunteering at the local library is that there is a reason why a lot of stuff is put into the library. Every movie, book and magazine has something you @MONTH1 want to know. Books are put into libraries for the pleasure and love of reading. All of these types of books are made by people who find pleasure in reading. Movies in the library are placed for educational reasons, such as: teaching children to count, and learning about a topic. Magazines can be placed in the library for people to read and relax and learn new things about the world. I really think parents should watch what their children are reading, and so should you. Libraries should not remove books that have been around for a long time from their shelves. Materials such as movies, books, magazines and music should never be taken from the library. What's the point of having a library around if you can't check out a book, movie, or CD of interest? Should have the same feeling after reading that something shouldn't be removed from the library because parents don't know how to look at their kids
Have you ever seen an objectionable-looking book or magazine on your shelf? Like, maybe some kind of book that's highly involved with drugs, alcohol, or even sex? Well, some parents don't want their kids to "accidentally" pick up this book and read it. This can leave them with a lifetime of scars mentally. Offensive books are not suitable for children, even some teens. They are too young to understand drugs, alcohol and/or sex. If a kid picks up a book about sex, which I highly doubt will be on a library shelf, what would they say to their parents? '@CAPS1, look what I found. This is exactly what the child will say and show the book to the parent. Shocked parents can sue the library for such an objectionable book. However, some @CAPS2 do not find such books on library shelves offensive. It may "provide" good information for their lives and even the lives of others. @CAPS2 It's the people who should read these kinds of books, not their kids. It can and will traumatize them for life. Libraries can do simple things like: they can make a room for @CAPS2 and put objectionable movies/books/magazines etc there. Children cannot enter unless they are @NUM1 or older. This might be a good idea because their kids won't pick up those offensive books and it will keep their minds safe. Our children are always curious about learning about things, especially as we grow up. We will ask about drugs, alcohol and even sex when appropriate. But having something like this on a library shelf is very offensive to parents and the rest of @CAPS2. Library staff should take action to make a separate room for @CAPS2 @CAPS3
I think censorship is necessary. If all the kids in the world grew up listening to hardcore gangsta rap and watching porn @DATE1, we would have indifferent and violent leaders tomorrow. Importantly, in order for us to grow into mentally healthy adults, we are blocked by these aggressive channels for something. However, censorship can go a long way. We've crossed the line when it comes to completely removing an author's work from public libraries. Given the @CAPS2 given to us by our Founding Fathers, the @CAPS2 given to us when we were born, and the responsibility we have to express our opinions, I think it's a crime to take the hard work of authors and artists off the shelf. Of course, the first argument in defense of my position is that through @CAPS2's @CAPS1's @NUM1 amendment we are all given a legal right to express ourselves. The authors of @CAPS1 realize that creative freedom should not be hindered by people. The law still exists @DATE1 and has been used many times to protect those who advocate keeping their jobs, their speech and their ideas in the world. As far as I know, it is illegal to remove any form of media, books or entertainment from the public. Still, some @MONTH1s don't believe we're allowed to say what we want, even after making this point. When asked about media censorship, a guy named @PERSON4 comes to mind. @PERSON4 is a musician, composer, author, public speaker and human @CAPS2 activist. I think a lot of people think he's a little too wild and crazy to be a convincing argument. @PERSON4 is considered a staunch atheist and a secular humanist (he thinks nothing is more important than the physical human body), but he gives the same arguments as @DATE1 and I'm Catholic. @PERSON4 has spoken out against censorship, saying it's a way of judging an artist's work without fully listening. If someone as persuasive and passionate as @PERSON4 can feel this way when he doesn't even believe in @CAPS4, then everyone should see that humans are empowered whether they believe in @CAPS4 or not The revealed creation. In some cases, it is necessary and necessary for people to present their ideas to the public. @PERSON1, @PERSON2, @PERSON3 and the list goes on. These people, although from different worlds, different eras, and different people, are all fanatical believers in the human @CAPS2. Imagine if @CAPS3 had just said, "I think people don't want to hear me, so I'll stop and let someone else take over a little." Do you think the world would be as amazing and integrated as one place? The point is, we never know how great and life-changing a person's perspective can be. Whether leading the civic @CAPS2 movement or trying to bring peace to the world that needs it most, censorship can be the one thing that keeps people from seeing the most influential people they need. In fact, we are all asked to share our thoughts. We have a responsibility to make sure that people see the world not only from their perspective, but from the perspective of a poor homeless person, a single mother of five, a primary school child and a rebellious teenager. The world may not be ready for change, but it needs it. Who has the right to judge an artist's work? Some call him @CAPS4, some call him a man, others call him the government. It's hard to get your work recognized by someone, let alone an entire country. However, that doesn't mean we have to give up. Censorship in public spaces is a crime against the law, nature and our inviolable @CAPS2, our job is to go out and create a new world.
Censorship is just another way of gaining knowledge from another person or a society. Trying to hide even the smallest discreet picture of history, political corruption and inappropriateness from a generation could leave them all ignorant of their past, present and possible future. Censorship is extremely dangerous for a society because it makes them vulnerable to future influences. For example, if people try to censor the possibility of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and many other environmentalists around the world @CAPS3 @CAPS4, the world will not be able to prevent or at least slow the impending catastrophe by going green. Instead, we will likely be on the deadline Died hundreds of years ago. Also, maybe if more people knew about @PERSON2's scrutiny of his oil distribution in @LOCATION2 (during his presidency), people might have at least discussed impeachment. Try to think about the future if racism, terrorism, war, and even events like the Holocaust were censored. Can be regarded as brainwashing! While @MONTH1 has brought peace and happiness to the world, we are still ignorant of our history, making us historically ignorant. Then think about all the sudden problems that would arise if that information were suddenly discovered. In @PERSON1's "@CAPS5" series, a city cut off from their past, they call it "@CAPS6", they've basically been brainwashed into thinking they've nearly destroyed the world by war, destroyed by a new government and their new technology. Fortunately, in our own time, I don't believe we get scrutinized for most things, except of course politics between other countries. For example, the killing of @LOCATION1 bin @CAPS7 is unknown to anyone but @ORGANIZATION1, the military and @CAPS8 of @CAPS9. It's also a thoughtful choice by @CAPS10 rather than announcing it on @NUM1 news. Of course I'd rather be told about my history because it's interesting and it illustrates what's going on in the present. Books like "To @CAPS11 a @CAPS12" or "@PERSON3" should never be taken off the shelves of elementary school students or seniors. While listening to a historically racist Garcia sing about black people seems more offensive than a racist book, I'm always interested in hearing it. Censorship itself should absolutely be illegal in libraries, @CAPS13 stores, and any other store that sells books, music, movies, and/or magazines. Although, I haven't heard of any censorship lately, shouldn't I? is censorship. .
Dear Kathryn Patterson I was thinking that if the items you listed are offensive then I believe it is a free country and all people should be treated equally and what I am trying to achieve is that newspaper organizations should Keep doing what they do! Actually more should be added. Yes, they should restrict certain things, but to solve underage purchases, just let people use their @CAPS1! By doing this, I think it will solve a lot of problems, and for some magazines or movies, taking it all off would be a bit serious. So keep doing what you do, just put a higher limit on sales and things should be fine! from your dear Zach
This way of writing is not accepted by society! There are many books and media resources, including: language, sexual tone, and other unethical things and ideas. Yet culture does need to gain, and while immorality on this planet is at an all-time high, we need to stop focusing on the books that are forever on the shelf and turn our attention to the heart of people, to what is morally right. When a person walks into a library, @CAPS8 or she can expect certain things like: the smell of old books, the noise of a group of kids, and the librarian yelling to keep them quiet. What @CAPS8 or what she didn't expect: kids on drugs, watching porn on the computer. It's not the fault of a book, nor the fault of the "evil computer". This is the fault of an immoral world. I have personally witnessed some of the bad things kids do in the school system and it gets worse every day, which is good, but certainly not because they themselves care and love what they are doing on this planet. I can quote a lot of people in my @NUM1 grade class who told me "the only thing wrong is telling people they are". This thought process is immoral. But who will tell them what the answer is. @CAPS2 is the answer, in @CAPS1 it says, @CAPS2 is the way, the truth and the life. This is the truth. In @CAPS3's book it says that @CAPS4 got many into their sinful passions. @CAPS4 is the only good, the only light comes from @CAPS5. The only people who live a perfect life are @CAPS2 @CAPS7, @CAPS8 is @CAPS4 in the human body. As a planet, we need to turn to @CAPS5 for the only good thing. And try to be like @CAPS5 because the world needs @CAPS5. Only @CAPS4 can change a heart. We need to focus on @CAPS5, once we do, the way we think, write and act will change and we won't need to hate this problem anymore
I think it should only be censored when there is something truly objectionable. It is wrong to make fun or jokes. Mock disabled people like a movie. Well, actually, I saw a movie before called @CAPS1 of a guy who made fun of the Special Olympics team and then lied about his inability to make money for the game and beat the team well in the game. That would be something I myself would want off the shelf because there is no reason to laugh at disability. I don't know who decides what goes on and what doesn't so probably depends on offensive information telling them what not to take out
I @CAPS1' @CAPS2 believe that any type of material such as books, movies, magazines, etc. should be censored, except for adult content like pornographic, violent and horror movies and video games. But that's why we made @ORGANIZATION1. So when asked, we can show our age. Some age groups respond differently to mature content. Usually @NUM1 and above is a tolerable maturity level. Maturity remains at different rates for all age groups. For example, a @NUM2 year old may be more mature than a @NUM3 year old. When you as an individual can act like a human. rather than like a pack of raging wolves. Just because you're immature dosen' @CAPS2 means you don't know how to be civilized. The best way to prevent children from finding inappropriate or vulgar content is to separate books by an age grouping system. Keep adult videos off-site and out of the reach of children. Also install a security lock on your @CAPS2.V. Prevent children from sneaking away from your back
Everyone has an opinion. don't you agree? That's what makes us different, it's why some of us prefer to watch @CAPS1 over @CAPS2, or why some of us want to listen to pop over country. Libraries are places that bring all kinds of people together. It is a place of interest and information, a place of research and enjoyment. So here's my question: "Do we really want to remove certain materials from library shelves just because some people find them objectionable? I don't believe, as author Kathryn Patterson puts it," Then we have no books left on our shelves for any of us. I agree with that statement! Think about it if we allowed people to get rid of library books they didn't like, if everyone had that right. We would have no more Books, no material to study or read Not someone else's stuff. That's not what libraries are for, millions of people use libraries for different purposes. So no, I really don't think we should remove items from the shelves. Just pick up what you find interesting , and leave it there. We all have rights, just as we all have our likes, dislikes and ideas. Opinions define us, choices shape us, but libraries do much more than that, they advance our knowledge, make Our dreams come true and sometimes even broaden our horizons. Horizons. We need books, music, movies, even magazines, but we all need them. That's my stance on this topic, and I hope it helps shape yours position.
The books in the library are available to everyone, so who decides what is appropriate and what is not? This is a very controversial topic. On the one hand, parents worry about what their children can get at the local library. They believe that libraries should not contain any potentially objectionable books. On the other hand, whose job is to decide what is offensive and what is not? If people had the right to remove books they deem inappropriate, eventually libraries would have so few books that even getting a library card would be worthless. I believe the job of parents and other adults is to teach children morality and right and wrong. If children develop morals and values, parents don't have to worry about what they're borrowing from the local library. Children face the question of right and wrong every day, and parents should learn to trust that their children are making the right decisions. As a teenager, I knew people were exposed to much worse stuff on the internet than in the library. If people start censoring libraries, they will definitely start censoring the internet, and the idea of free speech will be thrown out the window. People have the right to have an opinion and share their opinion, and who has the right to say one's opinion doesn't matter? It seems to me that the act of taking books from the library is just that. Just a few months ago I had to write a research paper on @PERSON1 and in order to find information on the topic I had to borrow a book from the library. Some of the information I've read on this topic is scary and very offensive, but I couldn't have written my thesis without it. Books in the library contain vital information, whether or not the books are objectionable. Books can be used to teach people what is right or wrong. By being educated on even the most objectionable things, people can learn from it and form their beliefs. Removing objectionable books from the library will not reduce the chances that someone's child will encounter the information contained in them. There are many sources of information, objectionable or not, and the library is just one of them. People are responsible for their decisions, and what they choose to read, watch or listen to is everyone's choice. We face choices every day. Should we watch a movie even if we know it's inappropriate? Should we listen to a song even if it sends a bad message? Borrowing books from the library requires the same decision. Everyone has to choose what is right and it is not our job to tell others what they can and cannot do.
Yes, I do think any book that is offensive to anyone should be removed from the shelf. You have to think from the other person's point of view, or put yourself in their shoes. Let's say you go to the library and something is always there, or it feels like it's hanging over your head all the time, this is going to be a thorn in the side of your everyday visits to the library. also in your daily life. One reason for this is that if you find a book on your shelf that offends you and another person knows it offends you, then they are likely to use it against you and say mean and harsh things. Another reason I think an objectionable book should be taken off the shelf is what to do if you're in that place a lot. I mean, if you have to read that book every day, you don't think that's going to start to make you a little nervous. So what I'm trying to say is that if there's an objectionable book on the shelf, I'd trust it to be removed. Music shouldn't be as important as books. Music is what you hear or hear. Books are things you read. I say music shouldn't be a big deal because music you can't see is like you read a book. Books are usually black and white. It may also appear in front of you in the form of text and pictures. So what I'm saying here is that if you find something objectionable, fix it instead of letting it haunt you every day of your life. So fix it now or just get over what you find offensive
Books are works of art. The author is an artist. Writing is a form of expression. In @CAPS1 it grants freedom of speech. I don't think we should deprive anyone of their freedom. I don't think books or any other form of art should be removed from library shelves. I understand that parents don't want their children to see or hear certain things. People want to keep kids innocent, they want them to stay innocent. What they have to understand is that children need to grow up. They will be curious. They will want to know. They will want to see the world. You can't hide things from them. I believe my favorite musician @PERSON2 once said "@CAPS2 cover your kid's eyes..." The world can be a bad place and you want to protect them from harm, but it also can be beautiful. If we delete everything that some people say is "offensive", kids and ordinary people will miss so much. One more question, what is offensive? Who decides? Where do we draw the line? Like Katherine Paterson said, soon we will be running out of books on our shelves. Because everyone has different opinions. People will find the most innocent things offensive. If you don't want your child to read or hear something, tell them. Don't ruin it for others. Each has its own. Different people like different things. What's bad for you is likely to be beautiful to others. '@CAPS3 Man's trash is another man's treasure. Books, music, movies, they are all art. People have the right to express themselves. We have reviewed a lot. I think when you censor something, it breaks away from the original. If you don't particularly like something, then you can choose not to read it. Not listening is your choice. You can choose for your children, but you can't choose for others. People have the right to do whatever they want. People have the right to do what makes them happy. They have the right to read, watch or hear what makes them happy. They have the right to create what makes them happy. You have no right to take it from others. Books don't kill people. Music doesn't kill people. They make you uncomfortable. They can even make you sick or angry, but they won't hurt anyone. People make decisions. People control their behavior. Books, videos, art, don't hurt people. All in all, I don't think any book, music, movie or any other form of art should be taken off the shelves. Some things may have age restrictions, or more adult things may have specific sections, but I don't believe any @CAPS3 should have a choice to decide what's right for others. You can shelter your children if you want. You can avoid things that you find offensive. But please don't take an opportunity for another person. A great book, or a piece of life-changing music, might be taken away by someone because you find it "offensive."
Books are part of history and no book should be censored. They show us and teach us history. If the book is based on true events, nothing should be censored. Many books @DATE1 and earlier have words that younger kids shouldn't see. As human beings develop, everyone hears some bad things and even sees some things. It's like saying all websites should be removed. Books requiring review should not be in @CAPS1 schools. I have to say that any book that teaches a lesson or helps a teacher should be used regardless of the content in it. This is why teachers need to read this book before assigning to students. This book should not be used in the classroom if he/she believes that the student will not take appropriate action. Many books are removed from the shelves or censored. If you don't want to hear the words or see certain images, you shouldn't get that book. If this happens, many people will be angry. I would be two, because sometimes a whole chapter can be bad, or in music, an entire lyrics can be bad. A lot of people are crazy right now, but if censorship happens, everyone else will be crazy
Remove books from the shelves of our public libraries? To me, this sounds crazy. I can see that some people might be offended by some books, music, movies, magazines, etc, but some people will appreciate it. It's diversity, and some people like down-to-earth literature, but some can't handle it. Why take something that only a few people disagree with? I believe some of the best entertainment in the library is the most objectionable, but it's all true. I mean, if this is a question like this, this stuff should be found in some section. If people want to complain, then they can leave that section because people like me are in that section ready to learn about all these different kinds of entertainment. Whether it's offensive or not. People @MONTH1 find it offensive, but I believe it makes that person stronger. This can help them realize how lucky they are that they are not treated a certain way in the offensive book they are reading. It's just a form of entertainment! If it offends you and you're not entertained, go get something! Although I've heard of people reading offensive books, I've never actually seen one myself. I think some people are too easily offended. This is where we should reason with them instead of bowing to their demands. So what if they don't go off the shelves? Like I said, we can make specific sections for them. If they're not happy with the results, they'll get over it. Now that you read what I'm about to say, what do you think? Do you think we should remove certain entertainment content from library shelves? Or should we reason with the offended person? I hope what you're reading today helps keep books on your shelves and readers happy!
Should we review our library? This is an issue that both sides can argue with credible facts. However, censorship is primarily defined as not allowing certain objects or things to be seen or heard until they reach adulthood. How to judge a person's age? Behind maturity is a person's ability to cope with various thoughts, ideas, actions, etc. Censorship should be allowed to some extent. Censorship plays an important role in today's society. It changes what's on our TVs from @NUM1 before @NUM1 to modern. Today's government is more tolerant than @NUM1 years ago. On TV @NUM1 years ago you would never hear a dirty word or see a couple sleeping in the same bed. Some swear words are now considered okay because people can handle them. It's as if they are now part of our everyday vocabulary. Censorship has changed a lot. Children and adults of all ages should be allowed to read a variety of books. Certain literatures provide a wealth of topics and themes to aid the brain in processing. We learn and understand at different speeds. Some books with "adult content" @MONTH1 are for smarter people to read. Authors sometimes include so-called "adult content" to add suspense and drama to the big picture or message behind the work. Books help expand the mind and achieve a higher standard of learning. Movies are different. Some movies contain pornography that we young people should not see. Most magazines have the same principles as movies. They all have different ratings on the age scale. So we can protect their innocence and youthful compatriots. Music is good for one's mood. Music should not be censored. People just have different tastes in music. Some @MONTH1 like other types, and some @MONTH1 don't like other types. People can enjoy all kinds of music. There is no way to censor the common language offered by music. Censorship should come down to what adults allow children to see and hear. Censorship of books is not good, but censorship of movies and magazines is acceptable. However, music cannot be censored. Lyrics and sounds speak to many people in strange ways. In the end it all helps. Everyone should have the right to watch, read or listen to whatever they want. It all comes down to learning, and learning without censorship. So, please do not review our library. Allow adults to censor what should be censored in their household
I don't think people should remove books, movies, and music because that's what people get for reading, listening, and watching. Why do people change because other people can't handle the above. If people want to read or watch or listen to bad stuff, they can't be an option for other people. People choose what they want or what they think they want to read, watch or hear. People also discover for themselves what they want to hear or want to hear. Like I said, people choose what they want to see or hear or read, and no one can say that. People will discover what they want their children to read, listen to and watch, and they will too. That's my take on this article, it's going to be up to people to choose what they want to hear and hear.
I feel like a person has the right to go free and get a book, magazine, movie and whatever else they might get because someone can use that material for the information they @MONTH1 needs. However, I do feel that it should be handled maturely, that @CAPS1 is kept in a special area or somewhere where a child or person should not have any material that is useless to them. I think if it's something for adults only, there's no way for kids to master it. I feel like a person does have a right to be free and get any book they @MONTH1 needs to get personal information to help themselves get the research paper they need the information for. Anyting inapporatie should have its own place, away from everything else. As I mentioned, I do think there should be some protection for child one who doesn't read something off the top of their head and for people who don't really need that information to help them get information about something For example, child No. 2 should be protected. I think there are a lot of things that can help prevent someone from feeling like freedom needs to be reviewed first there will be a special room only for things that are deemed unsuitable for someone which leads to my next point there should be a worker just to be sure in a certain Some things should be kept in a special room. I think there should be a certain age to enter a room with uncensored material. If they don't meet the requirements, please don't let them in. I do think in some cases they should say why they want certain material just to make sure it's for all the right reasons. As I mentioned, I do think everything should be allowed because someone might need it for personal information, or a class prompt for information. But I also feel that there should be some rules and requirements as to what is appropriate and what is not. If that person needs something for a legitimate reason, I don't see any harm in them getting what they need
What would you think if someone told you that you can't have certain foods in your refrigerator that are bad for your health, or that they might think it doesn't taste good? You won't be too happy. It's the same thing when people want to review libraries. When people try to censor libraries, they try to take out "offensive" books. If someone likes that kind of book, they get pulled. It's not fair to that person because they're limited in what they can get from the library. A library is supposed to be a place where you can get your favorite books or magazines, but they can't because people are trying to review those books. People who want to censor certain books say they may offend not only them but children as well. Well, what I'm saying is, you don't have to take your kids to that section. You don't have to read those books, you can leave them alone to those who enjoy reading them. What makes a book objectionable to someone who wants to censor certain books? Who said it was offensive? The two views differ, just because one finds it offensive doesn't mean the other feels the same. My opinion is to put books out there and let people enjoy the books they love to read. No book is bad, every book is good for you because it builds your education, it also relieves stress, and things you enjoy doing in your free time. Those who get scammed on their favorite books because they are censored. What if the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series gets censored for magic. For some, this might be a distasteful book, and the folks at @CAPS3 will be upset if that book is taken off the shelves. So I think everyone should have the right to choose the books they can choose. For those of you who don't like certain books, just put them there, you don't like reading them. Everyone is entitled to these rights, as Katherine Paterson said 'You have the exact same rights, and so do everyone else. Then we have no books left for any of us on our shelves so we should all read what we enjoy reading because reading is endless
Books should only be removed if found to be somewhat offensive. However, some of the other books are for educational purposes and are not meant to offend anyone. People sometimes take it too seriously. Many books have been great educational resources over the years. Books have been around for a long time. Many years ago, people used to read scroll books and even picture books to tell stories. Stories have been around for a long time and are stories, not critiques of works to demean others. However, there are a lot of books out there that are meant to belittle others. I agree that these books should be taken off the shelves because they may prompt people to turn on certain races. A good book that proves it won't disappoint, but it might sound like "To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2". This book is intended for people to read and learn about life in the era of slavery, or a time when slavery was just over but people did not respect the newly emancipated. Another book about the era of slavery is "@CAPS3 by @ORGANIZATION1". The book is about a young runaway boy living his old life and meeting a runaway slave named @PERSON1. The book was meant to tell what the punishment would be if slaves were caught. Many other books exist like this. But I guarantee that more than ninety percent of the books are for educational purposes because of the context in which they are used. Most people look at books wrongly, but only because they fear they will be judged the same way the book is judged by its cover. I've read a lot over the past few years and I've found that many of the books I've read have been very educational for me. There are some books, though, that I agree should be taken off the shelf because they're just too aggressive. The job of censorship is to protect us from many disturbing topics, and I agree that certain books should be taken off the shelves. However, I think that sometimes places go overboard with censorship and it should be left to someone to decide which books fit a place, and also the movies. The world is maturing, even though everyone is talking and people are learning all the time. There should be some censorship in public spaces, but only on excessive topics the author has written about on issues that will offend many
"All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - I hate that kind of work - then You have the same rights, and everyone else has the same rights. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. Written by Kathryn Patterson. If you think about it when you go into the library, there are tons of books to choose from .But the amount you think is appropriate for every age group (including children), not a lot. That's why they have a section for books, but sometimes people are rude and mix them up on purpose. How many times have you found one in a library Misplaced book? True a lot of the time, it could be accidental or it could be intentional. I know if I take one or more of my kids to the library, they get a book that isn't right for them , I'll take it to the front desk and complain about that book. Now, if it's a misplaced book, I'll take it from them. But yeah, some books, magazines, movies, and music should be taken from Removed from the library. I remember when I was a little girl, I went to the library with my mom and dad to borrow books and they all liked to take me to the library. They were happy that I liked to read, but one day my mom took me Went to the library to pick up books and she didn't think to read my book until we got home and she realized I had a curse word on it. She wasn't happy at all, I don't know what she was doing. But I figured it out now she took me by the hand and took me to the car. She tied me up and we went, back to the library. She had no problem complaining, I remember everything she said sounded like Like this.' @CAPS1, my name is @LOCATION2, and this is my daughter @PERSON2, she's 6. We were just her about an hour ago, but you want to know the funny reason we're back. Well, if you could Give me an interesting reason why my six year old daughter has a book from here kids with curses in it. Please speak up and explain I would love to hear it. The lady at the front desk was stunned, she worked there for seven Years, no one ever got mad at her. But this book is no longer in the @LOCATION1 library, I don't remember the name of the book, I just know she can do something with a mom like me. Like Katherine Katherine Paterson said, 'All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelf — - This is the job I hate - then you have the same rights and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I can tell you from experience and observation, with a little strength and persuasion, you can do it and get what you want. @MONTH1 will cause trouble, but just make up your mind, and when you make up your mind, you can help and solve problems
When you have kids, do you want to protect them from what you think is wrong, even if it happens every day in the world around you? In society today, even though we have free speech, the government has come up with something that even conflicts with censorship. One of the things about censorship is that it's just a way for governments to control what everyday people in today's society say, hear, hear, read, and even see. We should not be controlled by what we can or cannot read, see or hear. I experience these things almost every day, if not on the radio, but on TV. When someone's words are beeped for saying something vulgar or inappropriate. The second thing about censorship is that no matter what it is, where it is, or even who it is, there will always be people who have problems with it. Just recently, in one of my own classes, we read an article about a very popular film for children and young adults, and a school tried to ban its books from the library because it involved witchcraft. Most of the people I know who have read these books know that witchcraft is not real. Why do people feel the need to do something like this? I think most people just see what might be interesting to a person as totally distasteful and disturbing, just because it's a little different, I find it unique and not bad. The third thing is that no public library should be censored. Everyone sees things differently, they have different tastes in music, literature and movies. Just because someone likes something that other people @MONTH1 thinks vulgar doesn't mean they should be able to remove it from the library's public shelves. Libraries are public after all, and I put a lot of emphasis on publicity because everyone in the world today is different. In society today, even though we have free speech, the government has come up with something that even conflicts with censorship. Leaving a lighter foot, be it purple or green, old or new, there is always someone who finds something wrong with it. I'm sorry today's society doesn't realize that much of its problem is trying to control everything everyone does
It seems to me that the library has no right to decide what is offensive and what is not. Libraries should not have the censorship that people who rent or buy items should have. @CAPS1 know what's offensive, but they shouldn't have made that decision. If @CAPS1 wants to do business, they should try to make sure their customers are happy. Libraries should investigate what everyone wants. Not everyone in the world has the same idea of what constitutes objectionable books, magazines, movies, music, etc. People's opinions may vary widely, or they may not be at all. If people think they're too offensive, then they should come up with @CAPS1 and find a solution, not get rid of these projects. A safe but simple solution is to create a section for @CAPS1 or what people claim to be offensive projects. Another possible solution is to rearrange the areas of the book into major categories, such as offensive and non-offensive, and then break them down into specific categories. So the library needs to do a survey showing which items people think are bad and what the library has to say, and move on from there. Surveys can consist of essays you fill out in @CAPS1 on their online site. The survey will present a list of books, movies, magazines and music that people can check. Now @CAPS1 needs money to stock up on books and other items so they can make repairs if necessary. So if @CAPS1 deems a book objectionable, they shouldn't have the right to review it. All these books have been in the library for so long, why change it now. Think if it was offensive why they put it in @CAPS1 in the first place. So in conclusion, @CAPS1 should know that they have the right to censor books, movies, magazines, music, or anything else they own. It will cost them time and money they don't have. Customers may stop coming in because of the change, which will cost money. Everyone now knows that huge financial losses can hurt any business and can put them out of business, or it can take weeks, months, or even years to recover, which no business wants. So the easy way to make sure this doesn't happen is to leave everything as it is
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. If they offend race or any other type of belief, they should be removed unless they are biological or historical timelines. If the reading material is so offensive to you or your beliefs, you @MONTH1 would like to meet a librarian and speak your mind so the reading material can be removed from sevles and disappear. I think if it goes against something in a bad way, it should be removed and gone. I read a magazine before and there was something objectionable in it. I went to the librarian and told her I wanted to take this magazine off the shelf. We argued for about five minutes, and finally the magazine was taken off the shelves. In any case, no one wants anything against them. In doing so, we should be taking objectionable material off our library shelves.
Parents @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I don’t think certain materials should be shown. But some books aren't offensive to everyone either, so it wouldn't be fair if all books were removed from the library. I can also contact @CAPS2 to find books that are not educational for them. Parents also showed their @CAPS2 what to read too much and what not to read too much. This can also happen with movies, some movies that @CAPS2 can and can't watch. The reason I say this is because if @CAPS2 themselves decide what they want to do, that's usually a negative outcome. That's what parents are for. I was very young myself, and I had experienced this too. The type of movies I watch, I think they're cool, but I'm too young to realize what I'm watching and what I want to do from movies. I also learned from my parents that what I did was irrational. Then I realized I made a mistake. There's not much to say about that. Friends also told me. So I figured out the hard way. I don't want any @CAPS2 to experience this. Not all parents can stop all @CAPS2 from finding something harmful in books, music, magazines, etc. I'm also trying to say it can be reduced. Some parents can prevent it from happening. It's also possible that @CAPS2's brain has something going into the sink, it can never be helped or resolved. These things are serious and some people are unlikely. This is where it comes into effect. It takes parents or role models to show that something isn't for them until the right time to see it. I'm not telling parents to capture their @CAPS2 out of the world. What I'm saying is that parents should let them know they're going to witness something. They just need to be ready to see them and hope it doesn't affect them negatively. Hopefully they are smart enough to tell right from wrong too. Parents can also assist with their @CAPS2. @CAPS2 also knows what's good for them. I do believe that some of the @CAPS2s are able to grow from some of the events they learned from the movie and know they are young because I grew up from those events myself. If I can do it, so can they. It's not impossible. A good thing is that some @CAPS2 grew up in a positive community and know not to read disturbing books/magazines or watch disturbing movies.
Do I think certain material that is offensive to others will be removed from the library? In my opinion, I say no to this question. I say this because another person in the library might like certain material that you find objectionable. I don't think something should be deleted that offends a person. It can be a treat to read to the next person. In the next paragraphs, I will continue to support more of my answer. Libraries are built for the enjoyment of others. If a person finds out that something is not good for them, I don't think they should be offended because it wasn't put there to hurt you, maybe the guy who wrote the book threw the same exciting thing you did. Most people write books, create music, and make movies to express themselves. They put things there because they can encourage others. Personally, I've never found a book, song or movie to offend me. I know the person who wrote the book didn't speak to me, so I don't see why I have every right to be angry, and so do other people. Most people who find something objectionable in a library are always looking for the downside. There is always a bright side to every situation. With a good and positive attitude, you should see the brighter side of things. Most of the magazines you read @PERCENT1 talk about celebrations, so it really doesn't matter to you unless you really like that celebration and just need to wrap it up. Other than that, it's none of your business. Music is a way of expressing yourself in your own way. A person should not be offended just because the songwriter wants to express himself or herself. What if it was the only way they knew how to express themselves. Like you said I don't want them to express themselves because it offends me. What if someone doesn't like the way you express yourself and wants you to stop. I'm pretty, you won't like it. In my conclusion, I feel that nothing should be removed from the library because it would offend someone. Some things are for some people. Nobody likes the same things. What to say, if it offended someone oh well, I didn't mean to offend you.
Have you ever picked up a book, video or music from yourself and wondered why it's here, it's not a good thing for our young children to read, watch or listen to. I think we should be picking out these types of books on the shelves of our libraries in order to improve our communities for our children and their children. We have every right to say what we think should and should not be in our library. Books that promote sexual activity, killing, use or drug use and other harmful things are not the best for our children to read, listen to or watch and should be removed from our libaray shelves. Have you noticed how crime and drug rates have risen over the past few years? These types of propaganda appear in some of our books, videos and other media. If we remove videos, books and other media that promote this behavior, we will reduce the occurrence of such crimes. I don't believe if we removed this type of media we wouldn't have all these crimes because we all have someone we want to be in a song or a TV show or even a book so we follow what they do, If they promote crime, try to act like them. Whether we think about it or not, as human beings, we follow the actions of others. Music plays a big role in this too, and music that contains swear words or promotes someone doing drugs or killing people has been shown to play with our minds. As a parent, would you like to see your child grow up in a community that promotes sex, drugs, killing and other things we shouldn't be doing? There's music out there that we all like, we listen to music we like, and if we like rap to explain, if it promotes killing, we're more likely to follow that move in the song because your brain thinks it's self-homicide because You like rap music, so it must be fine. The @CAPS1 in our community believe we should distance ourselves from this behavior and we won't see a lot of drugs, killings or sexual activity. bilbe teaches us to stay away from things that promote drugs, killing or sex, so we don't see much of these in @CAPS2 families or communities. @CAPS4 is better than a lot of us, whether we like it or not. They live their lives after @CAPS3, which doesn't promote all of these behaviors. I know @CAPS4 would prefer to take out these types of media in our libaray. You can sit all day and watch @CAPS4 act and how they act, they don't act like normal people on drugs and stuff like that, just because they stay away from those that promote sex, killing, and drugs. Now, if you want to help us build a better community for your children and their children, let's remove harmful media that promotes sex, drugs and killing from our libaray. I don't think you want to see your kids do drugs or kill people and mess up their lives because you're not helping to remove those media. Please help us improve our communities for our children, their children, and the generations that come after us.
Should material that some find objectionable be removed from the library? No, I don't think any material should be removed from the library. The library should have a lot of different kinds of books, magazines, music and movies. One reason I think libraries should have a variety of different books is because everyone doesn't like to read the same things. For example, some children may enjoy reading scary and gory books, while others may enjoy reading books about sports or love stories. So maybe kids who read sports books might be offended by all the bloody books, but it's not fair to take them out of the library because some kids like to read bloody books. Another reason they shouldn't delete any magazines, books, etc. is that it's good to read or look at different things. People get bored if their library only has books about war. Children need to learn how to read different types of stories. Also, if your library has a variety of magazines of different types, kids can learn a lot of fun facts. You can find a lot of amazing stuff in magazines. So if you only have four magazines about the same thing, kids won't find cool facts anymore. The library is where children love to go to enjoy the peace and quiet, to see and read different things. So I think if you start taking specific things out of the library, then I don't think kids are going to go to the library anymore. Libraries contain terrible information that kids can learn, but if you start taking things out, not many kids will come to the library because they won't learn new @CAPS1 stuff. So if I had any say in that, I would keep everything in the library. I will not delete @CAPS1! You want people to come to your library, so you don't want to do @CAPS1 that could endanger people in your library. I think if you start removing stuff then fewer and fewer people will come in and eventually your library may be shut down because you don't have a business. So put everything on the shelf.
There are many things in life and sometimes we really need as much help as possible. Sometimes people will stop at nothing to ask for help or go anywhere to find help. Because when people feel lost, that's the scariest thing about a person. So they turn to reading books, listening to music, watching movies, reading magazines. But though it's not the best way to be there when you need to listen to your soul the most. It's been a while now knowing that one knows how to read, even aloud. But now reading becomes take over. If you can read, you can do anything, and if you read it right, you might end up in the world one day. There is not much difference between books and magazines. Books can make you forget places you've never seen before and places like the wild, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 and high places and trees. It teaches you what @LOCATION1 does, but not everything it teaches is good. Books can lie about what's about to happen in the world. Now magazing will show you what all the people who started were doing, how life was there, what the house was like there, where there was money they started coming home. You have to understand one thing, you can't always be intimidated, and what you read is correct, you have to read your mind and see what it says about what you just read. What do you do when you hear your favorite song or when you see your favorite movie? Will you start dancing or crying when they break up, will you say I can sing like her or will you have a role in a movie. These things can help you, or make you think about things you shouldn't do to others or even yourself. Music can make you think about what your life is like, or miss someone who died because they listened to that song so much. Music can convince you to kill yourself, drive you mad, and hear the words thrown at others hurt your soul. It's all about how you accept the song when you first hear it and extract information from it. Movies show history and show what you want happens to people when they do wrong. You may have an ican in the movie you are watching and may want to be like him/her. But not everyone you see doesn't want to be like them. You have to be yourself at the end of the day. Because you wake up to see you every day, love you every day, take care of you every day. When all is said and done, you have to believe in yourself and not listen to everyone trying your thing. Go with your soul. Yes, listen to it, read it, even watch it, but just remember your thoughts and do what you love. So this is what I love about music and books and movies and magic Listen but not all at the same time
I think kids in libraries should condemn movies and magazines. There are many reasons why these things are reprehensible, and in this article, I'll explain why they're reprehensible. I'll also give some examples of things kids can't get. The main reason why movies should be reprehensible is because movies rated @CAPS1 should not only be rented by children, but it would be wrong to rent them to them. I mean, if there's a sex scene or something and you're around 8 years old, it's embarrassing for the parents to explain what the actors are doing. I mean, if you're a parent, you're going to want to explain to your eight-year-old what sex is. The next thing that I think should be reprehensible in libraries is magazines. I know three in particular, they are @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @ORGANIZATION1. These three magazines talk about how to do better in bed. I really don't have kids and teens included should know how to do better in bed. They also have some unhealthy diets that teens might try. This can make them very sick, and if they are already thin, they can die. Well, that pretty much sums up my opinion on library content being condemned. I really don't think there are many books that are bad for children's ears and eyes. I mean there are romances, but I don't think any kid ever goes through full romances because they're boring. Well, I hope this stops libraries from letting kids get hold of this kind of content
In the library, some books, music and magazines are not suitable to be placed on the shelves. Some kids will want to see anything they can get their hands on. They are very mysterious when it comes to this. There are bad books in the library, but there are also good books. If people find a book or any type of material in a library and find it objectionable, then they should take it off the shelf. Some kids will watch whatever they want or whatever they find interesting. Libraries should also at least check what the book is about when it arrives at the library. That way, no one has to worry about the material being objectionable. Movies shouldn't really matter because there are a lot of bad movies out there, but I don't think people would find them objectionable. They don't have to watch, and their kids don't have to watch. There is a lot of bad music. I think music should be censored because some of today's music is about drugs, alcohol and violence. People don't want their kids to see it in their local library. I read on the news that people get upset when they see something they don't think is suitable for underage children. I'm also pissed because I don't want underage kids listening to that kind of music. Kids now look up to these songwriters and want to be them. This is not a good thing at all. All magazines can offend people by looking at the cover and the people on the cover. Libraries don't put an inappropriate magazine on their shelves. They have some magazines but they are good magazines even for children to read. I don't think libraries will publish offensive magazines because they don't want to cause any controversy. People today have published more good magazines that anyone can read, which is not out of place for anyone. I think some people today don't realize that libraries are going to offend anyone by publishing those objectionable magazines, movies, books, and music. It would be good to have a review of these things, as some of the material is not suitable for small children to read or hear or watch. Parents do not want their children to look up to someone who is involved in violence or drugs or alcohol. Censorship will be their way of censoring all this material just to avoid controversy and the safety of the kids.
Censorship can be seen as a major issue. I believe it is our right to read and publish what we want. It shouldn't be another person's opinion affecting what we can read, hear or even see. Finally, censorship is a popular communist trend. So I think the censorship is wrong. First, we have the right to say, read, write and see what we want, as long as we don't slander others. I don't believe the defamation issue is what causes many book censorships today. Therefore, in any other case, censorship is wrong and unethical. Second, it shouldn't be the opinions of others that influence whether anything is censored. My opinion @MONTH1 is different from another person's opinion and their opinion @MONTH1 is different from everyone else's. If they think it should be censored, they shouldn't read it themselves. Others at @MONTH1 thought the book, movie or magazine was great, informative or interesting. Finally, censorship is a communist trend. Last I checked, @LOCATION1 is a democracy. So censoring anything that is personally or racially innocuous or defamatory, goes back to the fundamentals of our government. Therefore, censorship should not be allowed anywhere. This is a very communist thing. It violates our rights. Finally, people's opinions on what should and shouldn't be censored vary, so there's no way of knowing what really should and shouldn't be censored
Throughout history, they have been the ones who refuted the beliefs and ideals of others. Whether in @LOCATION1, censoring statues by removing anything the @CAPS1 church deems offensive, or mass burning of books to protect ideals that may be invalidated by clear spoken text. Yet this is not @DATE1, women are no longer looked down upon, science is not downplayed, ideas are free all over the world on the internet. So is it the library's fault for providing uncensored content, or is it the parents' fault for not educating children about the morals of such items? Modern libraries have very specific demographics for all the items they have. Movies on @CAPS2 appeal to parents and teens, music appeals to teenagers, and books and two previous media sources appeal to younger kids. How fair, then, would it be to force libraries to review the two things that make them the most money, and keep kids from reading, watching, or listening to them. Also, libraries often don't let younger kids view @CAPS3 rated movies or parent consultation @CAPS4. However, some people believe that books are the most dangerous things for children and young adults. Because books can take ideas and reinforce them in the minds of teens over the course of @NUM1 pages until the parent ends up being an anti-semantic teen with a bad view of racism. So why would this be the library's fault, since it's just offering a book and shouldn't have such a big impact on that teen if that teen instilled solid moral convictions from their parents. So if you find material in the library objectionable, or are concerned that your kids will go there, there is always an easy solution. Don't go to theirs and don't let your kids go to theirs. But if you, like me, see the unholy beauty that libraries bring to communities and individuals, then please don't let injustice happen to authors, songwriters, musicians, directors, and yourself.
We have reviews every time we go there. Childrean hears their parents say them and is likely to repeat them. Children should know what a curse is and that it is wrong to do so. What children read should be up to them. If the book is made for children, it should be reviewed. Adults should have the option to read any type of book they like. Children in quarantine should know that curse words are also part of reality. We can learn something from anything we read. There are many facts teachers can do without teaching. Kids are happy when uncensored things are said out loud. If they read it for themselves, they will learn more. If your parents also don't inform you, you may miss some of life's most important facts. It is very unnecessary to rate @CAPS1 movies. Parents should be able to watch a full-fledged movie with their kids instead of staring at something they don't want their kids to see. The choice of a child watching censored movies should definitely be up to the parents. I always thought it was a bad idea to have derogatory pictures in magazines. These photos @MONTH1 give the kids negative thoughts like the insecurities of wanting them to look better than the models. The kids remember almost everything they heard/saw. What children read should be up to them.
'@CAPS1 day @CAPS4 @CAPS3, my dad got pulled three times for @CAPS2: @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5. @CAPS6 is just @CAPS1 from a few quotes from a book I'm reading, some people might get mad about it. Overall, the book is a fairly soothing one, it's just a few things that people can get mad at. That doesn't mean the book shouldn't be on the shelf. I don't think libraries should be forced to take them off the shelf just because they offend someone. It's like saying you should shoot everyone who makes offensive comments about someone in their lives and you'll end up with nothing. If someone finds something other people have to say offensive, they usually stop hanging out with that person. So it only makes sense for people to stop reading a book when they find it offensive. People in the real world would say that some magazines do have offensive stuff in them. It's not like your average nonfiction book will come up with insulting words in high school. You don't have to subscribe to that particular magazine or even pick it up to read. A lot of things have offended a lot of people in a lot of different ways these days. @PERSON1 on the street might offend @PERSON2, @PERSON2 in town might find it funny. You can't make everyone happy, and if you take books off the shelf because someone complains about something they've read offensive, you're trying to appease everyone's wants and needs. I think it's fair to limit books, about age restrictions. Some of the more aggressive ones may have a higher age limit. In the middle school I went to, their books were classified as "young adult" books, which meant you either had to be in 8th grade or had a guardian's note saying you could read these types of books. Like movies; movies have ratings and only certain people can watch them, so why can't they do the same with books? I guess what I'm trying to say is that if you're new to buying books, @CAPS7, movies, magazines, etc. and it's taken off and off the market just because of someone, then I and many others will be very disappointed to speak out against it. If they don't like the material they're viewing, reading, watching, listening to, or all of the above, no @CAPS1 will force them to pay attention to it. They can go and read nursery rhymes, because those aren't objectionable. I'll say it again, taking a book off the shelf every time someone complains about material is like shooting everyone who's ever made an offensive comment about someone and you'll have nothing.
Take the book off the shelf? I do not think so. When you go to the library, what kind of books do you look for? I love mystery and scary books, but they keep me on the edge of my seat; some of the @MONTH1 I've read are not for kids younger than me. People say they want to remove books, music and movies from the library when they find offensive books, but I think that's a bad idea. People don't always read books or watch movies because it's their choice. You can find a lot of young kids coming to school in the library these days. From my own experience, I have to buy a movie in the library for a project. It's about civil war. There are some disturbing scenes in this movie, but I had to watch it at school. What would I do if it wasn't in the library? That's one of the reasons why I don't think it's a good idea to take books and movies off the shelves. As I said at the beginning, I love mystery books. Some parts of some mystery books @MONTH1 are offensive. The book I'm reading right now is about the murder of a young girl. I think it's an objectionable book for a young person, or for someone whose loved one has been murdered, but that doesn't mean I think they should remove it from the library. What will people who like them do if they take books like that away? This doesn't seem fair to me. For those of you who find books, movies, music, or magazines objectionable in your library, simply don't use them. A library is a place where you can find almost anything that interests you. So let's remember everyone, and their different interests. It's also a place where a lot of information can be found, even if it may be objectionable. It is unfair or incorrect to take books from the library
In my opinion censorship of any kind should not exist, especially in libraries. A library is where anyone can go to check out books, @CAPS1, magazines or movies. There, the poor have access to the same materials as the rich. If you take away a point of view from a book, music, movie, or magazine/newspaper article, you take away the author's right to free speech simply because someone finds it offensive. The right to freedom of speech is an important right in @LOCATION1, where we can express our opinions, we can choose our beliefs, and if anyone wants to share their beliefs and opinions in writing, they should be allowed. Writing is a form of expression where writers can express their thoughts, use their imaginations, and create fantastical worlds and unique characters. Who thought they would say it was offensive? Who decides if the book for the movie is offensive? If we take away a book that one considers "offensive", we have nothing to read. Some @MONTH1 find @CAPS2 offensive, but we still keep it in the library, some @MONTH1 find books about magic and vampires offensive, but these are all the rage now, we won't take them go. The things people find offensive are just opinions - like the opinions of writers. It just doesn't work - if you want young people to read, you have to give them something to read that piques their interest, sometimes @MONTH1 is "offensive".
There are many different kinds of books in the library. Not everyone is for everyone out there. I think libraries should censor books, movies, and magazines so that they're either in some room that only adults can see or have access to, or they're not in the library at all. Books in the library may have something very easy for a child to see. I have been to the library many times, either alone or with others. I know what's out there, and some books or movies aren't always rated by kids. I hope to be able to take my own kids to the library one day because I know what they're going to see is okay to their eyes. Magazines are always talking about a new relationship or this guy is having a baby or something like that, and I don't want my kids to see that. The library I go to often has magazines, everyone can see them, I don't want my son or daughter to be this young. I think parents should be able to take their kids to the library knowing that when their kids run to them with a book, it's going to be something they read aloud or get, not something an adult would read. Libraries can always make a separate room for books and movies that are not always for children. For example a movie rated @CAPS1 or a book not suitable for young children. That way, when a kid is running around looking for new books to read, they can't see or pick up those books or movies. I don't know about the other adults or parents out there, but I definitely don't want my little ones walking around talking about inappropriate books or movies they saw in the library. Since the library has many different kinds of magazines, books, and movies, it's not always a safe place to let your kids wander around. The library could always make a separate room for such a project. For older @ORGANIZATION1 books, movies rated @CAPS1 or magazines like @ORGANIZATION1. I think if the library did this, it would be easier for parents to take their kids and let them run around looking for new and interesting books to read or watch a movie
There are many reasons why censorship is considered good or bad. I am against censorship. My reasoning is that just because there's something you don't like doesn't mean you have to watch it or use it. There are many people who want this information or entertainment. Another reason is that if someone doesn't want their child to see something, then they should trust their child not to see it, or prevent them from seeing it. In the end, if everyone deletes what they offend, what's left? There is nothing to read, listen to or watch. First of all, why I think censorship is wrong, because people who are offended by what they want to remove, don't have to look at what is offensive. No one is forcing them to view or use it. They better ignore it. Because others who do not offend it have the right to view or use it. Libraries are probably the only places people can access this type of material. Therefore, if someone were to remove the material, those who needed or wanted it would not have access to it. They are given the right to use it. Their children may even have rights. The second is that some people don't want their kids to see this stuff. But deleting it shouldn't be that person's first instinct. I believe parents should be able to trust their children not to look at it. If they can't, then they need to somehow prevent their kids from watching it; not by deleting it. Parents should be able to come up with a reasonable way to prevent their children from seeing things they don't want their children to see, rather than taking that away from the children and the community as a whole. Finally, suppose that in the library, everyone in the community has at least one book that offended that person. If each of them has the right to delete books that offend them, what's left to read? Absolutely not. And every one of those who delete a book is likely to like another book that some people find objectionable. So there isn't a book for that person to read right now, just because everyone else doesn't like books they don't find offensive. Once someone starts deleting, others will join and you'll be left with an empty library. This is how I feel about censorship. This is really wrong. Personally, I want to be able to go to my library and pick up a good book. I know others like to do it too. So why are others able to take it away from them?
Have you ever read or heard something so disturbing that you wonder how it got the publishing rights? Well, nowadays music, books and magazines are full of garbage and inappropriate ideas that kids listen to and build on. All of these resources that kids can find with this type of material can be found in the library. We have to end it or find some source of review for these library resources. Libraries tend to be called boring or very bland places. If a kid at school walks down the hallway and says he's found a really good book, other kids are interested in it; they find drugs in it, they think it's not a boring book, like you're in the library like all the other books found here. Then, more and more people are getting the book, and other books with this style of material are being discovered and examined. Now, all these kids with these bestsellers think they're "cool." So these kids started to act and started to behave in the same way as the characters in the book. This will lead to disaster. Music can do the same. Music recorded over the past decade contains sexual innuendo, drug use and inappropriate behavior in its lyrics. Why would anyone want to put this material in a masterpiece? Well, singers and writers find that works that contain these themes sell the most. So any type of artist puts these references in books or songs. Now, singers are starting to make music videos that not only sing those lyrics but show them. Children see these artists in these videos with attractive partners, lots of money and living "perfect lives". So, this guy tried to do the same thing that this artist did, make life there more like there. Movies came out, and movies saw the genre go up in ratings, so they started putting them in movies. Now, there's this junk in all of these pieces, and it's been for a long time. How do we get it out? How do we get our kids to stop accessing these resources? No parent wants to walk around and hear these words or actions from their children. So the library has to do some scrutiny of the work there; the work there should be removed so minors don't get the wrong information. The good old days when music, film and art were a special talent and not seen as something that would cause trouble for our kids, what ever happened? We need to do these reviews in the library and go back to the good old days before things get even more out of hand than they are now
I was asked a question 'Do you trust a certain material such as books, music, movies or magazines etc? Should they be removed from the shelves if they are found to be illegal? I have to say no. I don't think you should criticize other people's beliefs in the library. But what if you just saw an objectionable book, movie, music or magazine? ignore it. I don't think people have enough time to care what other people think, even though people do it all the time. Next time you see a book that offends you, stay away from it and don't bother to read it. Anything can offend anyone and @PERSON2 was absolutely right when she said '...if I have the right to take that book off the shelf...you have the same right as everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. I think every kid in this day and age knows more than they should, so why censor what they already know? If you might like this particular series, it's about the Holocaust, it's like so many different stories about how @CAPS1 stayed in camp but you're not @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 and @CAPS2 happened read it and Take it off the shelf because it's objectionable. Maybe he thinks it's a disgrace and a lie to his country that makes people think they're all like @CAPS5. What would you do if this happened to you? Are you going to find a new book? Or will you be frustrated by not being able to complete the entire series? A lot of people do repulsive things every day that they shouldn't. It's not right that people try to be better than everyone else. If you find something in a book, movie, music, or magazine objectionable, then you need to get over yourself and realize that you need to spend more time in your life than getting distracted by stupid poor stuff. In music, they are the use of certain words that people might like to be called, but if another race decides to sing it too, then he might get upset and think he's a rasict. This is not rasict, offensive, or directed against you! So, just do everyone a favor and stop complaining. Now Kathryn Patterson, @CAPS6, if you have a problem with your child or any other child taking a book off the shelf, even though it might offend some people, I think you need to realize that's a good thing, That kid is still trying to read and trying to improve his reading skills by reading. It may be offensive to have some curated magazines and movies on the shelves of public libraries and stores, but if it offends you, why would you seek or even buy/view? I personally don't think any books should be taken from the shelves of any library anywhere. Taking a book off the shelf is like telling people to stop reading
They have a book in the library called '@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3', if you read @CAPS3 you might cry. When there is @CAPS3 in the basement, they let him eat on the floor, eat his brothers, and even eat something warm. They beat him and then he got booed all over his dad broke his arm and his dad and mom beat him so hard that his bro can't @CAPS3 anymore so his bro called The police, the police are here, we are all leaving. 2 years later he and his brother got adopined to have new mom and dad not bad they even thow they have six brothers and five sisters but all got a long and have a good life after having relly mam and dad died
When someone goes to the library, there are multiple items to choose from. There are books, music, movies, magazines, etc. But not all of this is a good thing. There are several books, movies, and music albums that may be offensive or inappropriate for library audiences. Offensive material should not be put on the shelves for the sake of children. While there are many good items in the library, there are also bad or objectionable items in the library. For example, explicit music albums. If an explicit music album just sits on a library shelf, anyone can listen to it or take it out for a while. By eliminating bad music, young children can be kept away from explicit music that most parents don't want their children to listen to. Movies are also a library problem. For example, there are @CAPS1 rated movies on the library shelves that anyone can pull out and watch. Most @CAPS1 rated movies have something inappropriate for kids. Movies rated @CAPS1 are rated for all material in the movie. That's why when these films are shown on TV, they are edited so that all viewers can watch them. So by taking these types of films off library shelves, young children can be kept away from inappropriate behavior. Books are the same as movies and music. There are books on the shelf that some people think are "interesting", but in reality, it's a harmful book. Some books contain racial material, even derogatory terms. By taking these types of books off library shelves, more people won't be introduced to all the racial commentary that happens. For the sake of children and young children, any objectionable material found in the library should be removed. If the library were to get rid of all the bad material, it would make the entire library a healthier and more stable learning environment as before. Get all the crime material out, then they can put more educational books, movies, etc.
What's objectionable in the library? Crimes in libraries are inappropriate and uncensored books, music, magazines, movies and other materials in libraries. These books and other things in these libraries should not be removed from the shelves. They shouldn't be deleted because the authors of these books are just writing. From my own experience, I've seen inappropriate movies. For me, I feel like they taught me some lessons, but it also depends on what kind of movie it is. If it's rated @CAPS1 then I know I saw some blood, gore and nudity in @MONTH1. If this type of movie isn't @CAPS2 @CAPS3 then I know something on screen @MONTH1 happens in real life. Most @MONTH1 won't happen, but there's a good chance some of them will happen to someone in the world. All of this has taught me to be more careful about what I'm doing and where I'm doing it. There should be no naked websites, books or magazines or anything like that in a library because that would be stupid and inappropriate for any child, especially in a public library. Now, if a bloody book or a book has a lot of blood in it, it should stay on the shelf. I say it honestly shows and probably teaches others not to do the same. So, as I asked again, what's objectionable about @MONTH1 in the library? Some @MONTH1 say books, magazines, movies etc with racial slurs are offensive; for others it just shows how cruel and horrible the world is. In my opinion, I just feel like the authors of these books are just writing and letting creativity take over. @MONTH1 is so, @MONTH1 is not. In conclusion, I say "offensive" books, magazines, music, movies and other materials should stay on the shelf. For many reasons I've said, and reasons I haven't, they help people learn.
Should libraries be more careful about what they put out in their founding locations? Of course they should. All kinds of people come and go in and out of the library every day. Certain rated materials should be placed in certain places for certain people. Libraries should be stricter about the materials that people in the library read on a daily basis. Libraries need to become more organized. The library has people entering and leaving the library every day. All ages and anyone are welcome to the library. That being said, kids of all ages come into the library all the time and pick out a variety of materials. Of course kids can't read everything in the library. They must remain within the appropriate selection of rated materials. So, if the library puts more scrutiny and scrutiny on the material, kids don't have access to material they shouldn't be seeing at the time. You would want your 7-year-old to see inappropriate or objectionable material, right? Libraries should put material that adults only see in a completely different section of the library than what they want children who come to the library to see. Doing so reduces the chances of children getting the material they should see. Additionally, certain books that libraries think certain children should be able to see may offend another group and do not want their children to see. So @MONTH1's book shows racism, or maybe another kind of discrimination, @MONTH1 is not the goal of this book, but it's still in the book, and in the wrong hands, which can be a very Bad things, especially in the hearts of children in some cases. Libraries really need to stop and think about whether this book is really appropriate for this age group, or even for this institution. Libraries have become places for children to read books by themselves, which is a problem for me. I think kids need parents to focus on borrowing books from the library, but the library will care, no. Library @MONTH1 checks their inventory and notices that a book @MONTH1 is missing, but guess what, it's too late by then. Today, kids can just walk out with a book and know that people will even think they just took a book and didn't check it. When kids find a piece of material in the library and they know they shouldn't have it and they know they can't leave the library with it, they may decide to just get the book. The security guard will not think twice about checking the child, what is the result of the corrupted mind of the child. Guess you can blame it on the library. Isn't this what kids get from your friendly community library? Organization is key. Libraries need to organize their materials better, flat and simply. It's really not that difficult. They need to review the content they list in their establishment. Personally, I think the people in the library are lazy. If they just put in a little more effort, maybe the kids won't get the material they don't have the corporate grasp of. Just pay attention to what's going on in the library. They have books everywhere, right. They are children, yes. The kids at @MONTH1 are in the proper grading section of the library, but maybe a book in the adult section of the library stumbles there by accident. Although it was an accident, it happened, it can be prevented, and it should be prevented for the sake of children. All we need is more organization. As you can see from the libraries below, we don't pay as much attention to our children as we do. It's okay for the library to welcome everyone without a problem, however, they need to stay in their designated location in the library. For safety reasons, children should not enter the adult area. Books for adults should also not be placed in the children section because anything can happen and corruption will rise. We need stricter libraries. Better make sure what kids are looking at and where the material is. Also, the library does need to look at the material and decide if it is suitable for all readers of @MONTH1 viewing the material. Organization is the key to all our worries, and if we work a little harder, it won't be an issue anymore.
Pornography, foul language, grotesque scenes and many other things make books and movies unsuitable for some people. In a culture like ours @DATE1, censorship often takes a back seat. The media keeps portraying emotional elements, and the language sucks. Because of the freedom this country offers, people always have the right to see what they want and read what they want. Everyone has an opinion, but libraries shouldn't have censorship. There are a lot of things in the @DATE1 library that paint bad images and contain questionable content. Books and movies do have things in them that kids shouldn't read, but libraries can't take them down. People love to watch and listen to this stuff, which is why @CAPS1 has more @CAPS2 movie ratings than everything else put together. They make the most money from it. In the @DATE1 economy, libraries need to keep these things on their shelves so they can stay open. If people are offended by it, stay away from that area and don't pick up the book or movie. If someone decides to take down a book or movie they deem offensive, they are undermining the freedom they have. Censorship is an opinion-based topic that people cannot make on their own. It can be seen that censors of books and movies have no right to express personal opinions. Libraries' job is to preserve people's freedom and provide them with the entertainment they want. Books and movies with adult content can also provide insight into what a society shouldn't be like. Parents should modify what their children watch, but as adults they can watch or read whatever they want
Hey, my name is @PERSON1 and I have something to talk about that people need to hear. I think libraries are a good thing for people of all ages, but there are some books in libraries that are not meant for children to read or read. They should at least put them in a separate section of the library. I have had this experience. I was about to leave to go to the library when my brother asked if he could come with me. I don't want to take him, but I can't say no to him. He put on his shoes and ran to the door, excited. We parked at the library and he ran to the door. I ran after him, and when I caught him, I told him he couldn't just run away from me. We walked in and it was a huge library. He looked for books to read, and I looked for good books to read. I found one that looked interesting I got it and started reading about it. Then @CAPS1 ran up to me and said I should go and see the book he was reading, so I read it with him. He handed it to me and I lost it, it's not a children's book at all. I had one of the worst books I've ever seen, we left the library and never came back. I think books that are bad for kids should be put in their own section of the library. This section should only be used by adults, and there should be no children speaking loudly in it. This is what I think should be done with all libraries
Censorship of libraries has been a major problem in the school system for years. In many school libraries, certain books, music, movies and magazines have been removed for their content. These items can be removed for these common types of content, including use of violence, sexuality, drug use, and inappropriate language. Many parents of young children always wonder what their children are doing at school. Most parents don't want to find out that their children are being introduced to these things at a very young age, as it may affect their participation in these activities. In my opinion, I do think some material in school libraries should be removed, but not in public libraries because public libraries can be divided into sections based on age groups. Hotel Elementary and Secondary Libraries, should review items as there is no need to introduce inappropriate or violent things to young students in any way. In a school setting, children should only be introduced to drug use and sexual activity through some kind of health curriculum, because there they will learn the real facts, which are more educational for them than hearing about drugs, sex, and sexuality . Violence in a song or seeing some form of violence in a movie. Many children watch movies with very violent and inappropriate scenes, and some songs in the world today are very inappropriate for young children. They also have a lot of books and magazines that younger students in schools shouldn't read because of the content, which is why I believe library censorship is a good thing.
None of us think about anything when your child is borrowing a book from the library. But on the other hand, we don't want your child to be censored by bad books, movies, music or magazines. The parent doesn't want to go home and the child learns new words from the new book or movie he/she just checked out of the library, or reads a magazine from the library. This may change your child's attitude due to a trip to the library, which can have a negative impact on your child. So kids there should have a section where they pick books and they shouldn't check review books. We need to make sure our kids have more confidence in this topic.
I believe reviewing books at the library can be both good and bad. I think there should be different levels of review, depending on the library that needs to be reviewed. In the elementary library, I think it is appropriate to review the books purchased and used in the library. It seems that elementary school students are not as mature as adults or high school students, and their reading levels are not as high as ours. Parents absolutely do not want their children to read books that contain sex, drugs and any kind of violence. This is because reading these books may give them ideas. @MONTH1 taught them what not to do, and they @MONTH1 thought it was okay to act on what they learned from the book. On the other hand, high school students like me are interested in these kinds of books. I'm mature enough not to act on what I read, and I'm aware of much of what books present. While most guys love violent books about shooting or soccer, a lot of girls are interested in romance genre books, which is probably more than most kids should know. In high school, there should be less cenory, due to the fact that we are more mature and should be able to read the public libraries that interest us, I think there should be chapters based on age levels, which most libraries do already have. That way, parents who take their kids to the library will know which way to instruct them. Everyone is obliged to make their own choice, whether or not that choice is to read a book that is more likely to be objectionable is their choice. All in all, I don't think books should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable, as books are a kind of external rental. They can be educational, read for entertainment, or just read to get your full attention. Books are everywhere and people have the right to read whatever they like. On the other hand, I think it's a good idea to review and categorize books to reduce toddler exposure to books they shouldn't read and keep all parents happy!
I think everyone has their own opinion on what they listen to, watch, read. I believe that something can change the world. Not the offense from people, because if people have an offense point, nothing is too sold because everything is offended, at least one person will offend. I think they need to get rid of the things that lead to the weak mind if they see it and remember it and then do it in real life and get rid of the things that get the weak mind into trouble. I think we can change everything we see or hear and change the world, and that's what the world needs to change in ways we couldn't think of before.
I think censorship should be allowed in high school. On the one hand, students who read books or watch movies can learn a lot from them. Also, I think if the books are bad and don't fit in school, why are they here? Movies that are not allowed due to ratings I think are lame because it may have pictures of nude characters and bad language, but we are high school students and we should be able to watch them because they are educational and we are mature enough, can watch. Still, I think censorship is a good and a bad thing, but in general I think it should be allowed. So books or movies should not be censored because I personally think students learn better from a recent graded r movie than some @DATE1 black and white movie. Kids pay more attention to good movies that are fun and old movies that most students fall asleep to or don't follow at all. So after that, I think censorship should be allowed in high school. If books and movies are so bad, why do they even have some here already. I think it would be foolish for a teacher or administrator to think that we immaturely watch an R-rated movie like every kid in school is watching it at home, I believe. Yes, I know there are movies that show scenes that have nothing to do with school, but who cares we'll get over it. In general, I think high schools should allow censorship. So the last point is, if you really think about it, all of this helps us to some extent. Find a classroom with computers and let them work while listening to music for a week, and let them not listen to anything for another week and see which works better. Listening to music in person allows me to focus better and allow me to do my work more carelessly. So I think censorship should be allowed in high school. So you get my take on censorship and I hope it helps you see the situation better or more clearly. I think movies rated r should be allowed in high school, any music should mean it's not like we're in jail, right? So you have my point that high schools should allow censorship
Should Libraries Have Censorship? Some say there should be, some say no. Cultural books and magazines may offend certain readers. Depending on someone's lifestyle or background, the history in the book can sometimes even be offensive. If you say you want to do the review in the library, are you wrong? No, you are not wrong, because there are many people who believe that some books should be taken off the shelves of their local library. Some of this is because parents may have young children who don't want to expose them to these things when they are young and vulnerable. Others though say that censorship is unnecessary because people go into libraries to find a book at their own risk. This means that if someone goes to the library looking for a certain book and they pick up a book they find offensive, it might be a good book for someone else. Do all books to be considered "offensive" have to be fiction? No, not all offensive books have to be fiction. That doesn't mean there are no such books. Cultural books or magazines from other countries or a subject can sometimes be very graphic and have languages that are only applicable to certain age groups. Anywhere in @CAPS1, no matter where you are, there is something that interests or offends you. Everyone has their own opinion on the matter. Culture @CAPS3 in the library just shows how people in other countries live and behave. Opinions or false claims in these @CAPS3 are not facts, but facts. So Culture @CAPS3 should not be censored, although it may have a section dedicated to that material. The history book might be one of those @CAPS3s that really depends on your opinion or what environment you grew up in. Religion is one thing that history books can really offend people because it can have some false facts about that religion. Some people get very upset that this is the wrong way to teach their children religion. Race and origin are another issue for some. History books and elder stories always get mixed up in some way and can cause trouble. For example, if a veteran of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM1 tells the story of what happened in a certain area; a history book could tell a completely different story. History books should not be censored because they are facts that teach children what happened in the past and how people lived. My take on library censorship is that there shouldn't be any censorship. Maybe the library could have a section for what people might consider "offensive". @CAPS3 or books should never be taken off the shelves because one person's offense is another person's good read
Today, millions of teenagers are bombarded with all kinds of media trash. This can include exposure to certain movies, music, magazines, books, and even commercials. Parents, teachers and even the government censor such material to protect students or the general public on topics that may be objectionable or difficult to explain. However, is this really the right choice? In life, we cannot close our eyes and pretend the world is free of harsh concepts that we have to face. In fact, our parents and teachers should prepare us to be well prepared when we set out to find our place in the world. Which begs the question, is it possible to review certain books on library shelves that might inspire us as growing students? When a person withholds information, that person is stealing the right to know. Not only that, what one person finds offensive to another @MONTH1 won't. This topic is too abstract to be standardized. Take, for example, what Katherine Paterson said, if everyone decided to work this way, none of us would have access to all the books in the world. So library censorship is to blame, because in the long run we only hurt ourselves when we limit the knowledge we decide to absorb
One of the many freedoms we have in our great country is the freedom to read, hear and see what we want. We all have different ideas about this freedom, such as what we watch on TV, what we read in our spare time, and what music we like to listen to. But if we have the power to delete what we don't like, we'll spoil other people's enjoyment. This will ultimately take away our freedom. Many writers, musicians and directors have stated that this freedom is important to have an enjoyable and creative life. As individuals, we view many things differently. Fortunately, our freedom allows us to have these views without interfering with the views or thoughts of others. If we delete books, movies, magazines, etc., nobody gets anything. Our libraries will be emptied, classrooms will be devoid of books, and stores will be empty. We should not have the right to remove content that we believe is inappropriate or inconsistent with our values or interests. While the right to delete things sounds good, we should take into account the thoughts and ideas of others. Consider a public library that provides children, teens, and adults with books that have personal preferences, and a school library that provides children and teens with books they like to read. If we allowed this right, these libraries that allow personalization would not exist. People will not be able to realize their personal freedom. Everyone should be allowed to be themselves. Imagine what it would be like if we extended this right to the food we buy. We all have different food tastes that shock and satisfy us. The foods we choose are a lot like the books we read, some we like and some we try to avoid. No one gets any food in a restaurant, school, or anywhere else, not even at home. This will be a disaster. We shouldn't have this right because it's not fair to anyone. @MONTH1 Our views are different, but we have similar needs. The freedom we have is freedom of choice. If we feel that a book, movie or magazine is inappropriate, we should choose to give others a chance to pick it up and see if it matches their values and interests. Others will also allow this opportunity. After all, it's not personality and choice that makes us @DATE1 free
If a book is objectionable, should it be removed from the shelf? Who determines if something is offensive and who it offends? These are just two issues that can create high levels of conflict and problems among many. Does taking books off the shelf limit our possibilities to learn or see things from a different perspective? First, who decides what is offensive and what is offensive? Anything can offend anyone. Taking a book off the shelf may also offend the author and the author's followers. It is suggested that removing the book from the shelf may cause more problems than leaving the book on the shelf. If offending others is the problem, wouldn't it be better to put it on hold entirely instead of making pleasing one group a problem that in turn upsets another? Second, does taking a book off the shelf limit your ability to learn something or listen to something from another perspective? If books that offended people were always removed because they offended others, we wouldn't be able to have much of the knowledge we have today. For example, biology books may offend people who religiously interpret things differently and make things untrue, while religious documents like "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" or "@CAPS3" might offend people who believe in biology Books are real. We wouldn't have religion or modern science if we took both types of books off the shelves because of offense. This example can be used for any subject or type of book, as people can take many different things as offensive. As a solution, I believe it is impossible to please everyone. If one is happy, the other is offended. If that person is happy, the first person will be offended. If a book might be marked as "some may be offensive" or "material @MONTH1 objectionable", people will be warned and they can choose whether to read it or not. If they were offended, they couldn't blame the author or where they got the book because there were warnings. It's like a parental warning on a cd. This @MONTH1 doesn't solve the problem of people being offended, but it can drastically reduce the amount of offending complaints about a book. In conclusion, books should stay on the shelf regardless of whether people complain about them being objectionable or not. Removed books may become all removed books, which means no education or learning. This is not an option. Leaving a book that offends some people on the shelf @MONTH1 will cause conflict with others, but if some kind of warning can be raised and proper procedures implemented then the problem should be greatly reduced. Next time you want to take a book off the shelf, think about it all
I agree with Katherine, but to a certain extent. If there is a curse or anything offensive in a book or magazine then the student should take it to the librarian and let him/her know that they are offended by it. Especially in middle school or elementary school. Of course there will be a book, movie or magazine with some inappropriate content. One day my friend and I were in the library looking for a book to read and that was the first time I discovered the @CAPS1 series. But as I get into the books, they become more mature. In the previous book @ORGANIZATION1, there was a lot of swearing. But that doesn't mean I'm not mature enough to know what it means. like other high school students. But you can't protect your child from everything. Not even cursing. So if you see a book at your local library that is absolutely full of objectionable stuff, and you decide you want to remove it, just give it to your librarian and face him/her. I am sure they will understand. Or maybe they won't, they'll wait to see if anyone else wants to delete it. My point is that you can't always protect your child from violent language, movies or magazines. But you can always stand your ground and try
How does a book suitable for adults affect children? Lately, people are trying to censor the libraries they see kids reading or doing recently. I disagree with censorship in the library. Libraries in lieu of censorship might have a section for explicit books or things that prevent small children from reading them. First, instead of removing all books, consider making a section for people of a certain age. Scratch a section after the library and ask @CAPS1 to confirm it's old enough there. This will allow the library to keep all books and keep all readers and most importantly parents happy. Another reason not to review libraries is that the number of builders will slow. This will make the builders unhappy, and the library will reduce its popularity because there are no books people want to read. I can also understand why they would try to censor the library because of their children's behavior. Because of library censorship, this will keep little kids from acting like they do in books. But @CAPS2 it's better not to censor libraries and make people who read them happy. Lastly, I disagree with censoring libraries, because @CAPS2 will upset people who read them, and libraries may decline in popularity, meaning people will stop visiting them. So those who disagree should act now so the library can stay where it is
@CAPS1 on Books In today's world, everything is displayed everywhere you look. Libraries are used by a lot of people, people go there to research, study, or even just to find an interesting book to read. One of the problems some people face is exposing personal items. I think libraries should have censorship. Why should libraries have one? Here is my reason. One reason library censorship is a smart idea is that young kids are there to search for books. Any parent will tell you that they absolutely dislike having their children read things that are very detailed and that adults love. Libraries should be places where children, young and old can escape from reality, not where they worry about what books will be pulled from the shelves. If libraries still want to keep certain books, they should put age restrictions on those books. Restricting the age of books will prevent younger audiences from watching them. Another thing they can do with age restrictions is that parents can set age restrictions in the library that allow children to read certain books. Also, another way to help stop objectionable viewing is for parents to check what their kids are reading, watching and listening to. Parents can help by paying close attention to their children's behavior. Censorship is a great way to stop watching adult issues. More public places should have their systems in place. The world needs to understand that some audiences are not ready for reality
Libraries around the world carry a variety of books, good and bad. There will always be something in the book @MONTH1 that offends the reader or those around the reader. It just depends on how sensitive people are. The main reasons people want to ban books or remove them from libraries are racial slurs, religion and pornography. I think the library should choose whether to put the book on the shelf or take it off. Magazines are as much a problem as movies and different types of music. Just trashed by vulgar, racial or bad movies, books, etc, according to some libraries. If parents are afraid that kids there will be able to rent these things, they need to put some barriers on them. If you want to rent bad stuff, you should have parental permission. Taking all this stuff out of the library is not a solution. All it does is cause outrage and lead to lawsuits and more. Libraries need to make sections of books in different grades so kids can't get their hands on the "bad" books out there. There are many corners of the library that make sense, even if the book uses vulgar language or hate etc. It shows the true feelings inside the mood story or characters. A story like "@CAPS1 in @CAPS2" would be a boring book without anger, emotion or passion. Authors incorporate language, pornography, and violence in books, movies, and magazines to entertain certain groups of people. If you take those things away, some people won't be able to enjoy the entertainment they've read or might read
@CAPS1 @CAPS1 A day without books in the school library. A librarian walked down the now-empty hallway, recalling the days before the censorship, and then everyone told her what they felt offended. Everyone thinks differently, but that definitely doesn't mean they should make everyone else follow them. That said, if someone finds a book objectionable, they shouldn't pick it up. Just don't read it! By pushing to get the book out, they imply they know best, and oftentimes, they don't. @CAPS2 may be offended by fashion magazines in the library @LOCATION1 just has an ad for a shower gel. She @MONTH1 said something like "@CAPS3 kids shouldn't see something like this" and asked to be taken out of the library. Does that make sense? I don't think so either. Also, if a woman can take a magazine out of the library, another man or woman will believe they have the same power. Censorship can become a casual affair and books can be thrown away every day! Now, this is only on a small scale. @CAPS1 if they did raise the issue with higher authorities. That book will be taken from all schools in @LOCATION1, which brings us to this question. As ordinary people, as ordinary citizens, should we really decide what other people can read? The answer is yes. Now let's look at the other end. What about the authors who wrote the now-banned books? For example, I will use @PERSON1. What will happen to her if the "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" series is banned by the school? Also, what about children who like to read? It's just taking good books from students...because there are people who don't believe in magic and are furious about it. That librarian from the beginning is now leaving, and there are no more books to borrow, bring back, or read. Children have to go to the public library to get all the books they want to read, and then remain reluctant to read because the material is inappropriate. This shouldn't happen. Books don't need to be censored, people who have a problem with a book shouldn't ruin it for everyone
Censoring certain material (books, music, movies, magazines, etc.) should it be taken down if found objectionable? I think it depends on how objectionable the material is actually. If it's something very provocative or racist, or beyond the age of the people who have access to it, then it shouldn't be allowed. Alternatively, the material should be restricted or placed in special sections that only certain people can access. It depends on the intellectual level, maturity and age of the person who obtains the material. I don't think these materials should be removed, but restricted. Some of this should be left to the school or library, but that's also the responsibility of the parent. If children have access to certain material, their guardians should allow them access if they see fit. Sometimes guardians think that @MONTH1 is not the same as a library or school, but it's mostly up to the guardian. Schools and libraries can't really argue with people's morals or intelligence. In general, I don't think materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed unless deemed necessary by a group of people including parents, teachers and/or school board members, and/or library staff. Just because one mom thinks a book isn't suitable for her kids doesn't mean it should be banned by another mom. Everyone has different opinions and ideas about what is acceptable, so it's not fair that everyone has to follow the idea of only one. If you don't want your child to have access to a certain material, then don't give them access to it. You can express if you don't think it's suitable for any child access, but others @MONTH1 disagree. Material deemed inappropriate by respected groups should be restricted or warned, but not banned.
If you found a movie in the library that you really liked, would you be angry if the library just took it away and there was nowhere else to take it? If a person doesn't like something they see in the library doesn't mean it's not educational, just throw it away. Just because someone doesn't like a thing doesn't mean another person will. I don't think they should get rid of movies, music, books or magazines just because of one person. Here's something that will make you consider getting rid of all of these categories. One of the things I love about movies is that they are great for visual aids. Some people are better learners and may learn faster if they imagine something they can better understand the purpose or cause of a situation. Another thing about library movies is that they show you things from the movies that you wouldn't be able to see if you were just reading a book. One of the things I personally like is that when people are in the movie, it's like you're really talking to me like I am, and the actors are really talking. When you watch a movie, it gives you a visual sense of what's going on, even if the content is inappropriate. That's why I don't think movies should be taken away because some people think these movies are volgure and not censorship. Music is another rule they shouldn't get rid of. Music is pretty much the only thing that calms you down and refocuses you. Another thing music does to you is that it soothes the mind and relaxes you without disturbing other people. When you're listening to music, it blocks other sounds that might be distracting you. So these are the reasons why you shouldn't get rid of music. Magazines and books are the foundation of the library. If you get rid of those, then it's not a library anymore. Books are the basic learning method of education. People learn the most from books or magazines. If you take them away, it's like you're trying to keep people from getting the education and knowledge they have in the book. So if you get rid of magazines and books, it's not even a library anymore. If you remove a movie from your library, people want to be able to get visual help because there are alternative ways of learning. If you get rid of the music in your library, you won't be able to focus on one thing if you're constantly distracted by other noises around you. Last but not least, if you get rid of the library books, it won't be a library anymore, it will be a place to go like anywhere else. Libraries will no longer be anything. Do you want that now? thanks
I have many things, but I am not a reader. But I believe you should be able to post whatever you want on any topic. Weather is a graffiti novel or a dry goods magazine. If it offends you not picking it up or let alone reading it, nothing should be taken off the shelf for offense. Said I wanted to write a book but people said it was disgusting and I could still write it and sell it. Anyone having a problem with anything, they'll try to bundle or get rid of it. Instead, why don't they get over it? We have rights to everyone from me to you, we all have rights and should be able to make the most of them. Call me old fashioned, but, I believe in freedom of speech and the freedoms we have lost and the freedoms we have every day of our lives. I think it's wrong to drink on @DATE1 every week, but, you can't see me yelling on the news, no, I deal with it like people should deal with things they don't like. So I hope that in this post I made good points in making sacrifices and dealing with things rather than taking action on things you should be able to change, thank you for taking the time to read this post.
The library is filled with books, magazines, music, movies and more. All materials cover a very wide range of topics. For example, a movie can be comedy, suspense or adventure. However, some of this material is not suitable for certain audiences and may be very objectionable to them. For this reason, such objectionable material should be removed from the library. One reason objectionable material should be removed from libraries is because it may lead to violence against youth. If a teen is constantly reading books or watching movies that contain violence, they may think violence is okay. They may not know that violence is not the answer to many problems, and they may not realize that there are other solutions to the problem. One case proves that seeing objectionable material can lead to violence in high schools. A straight-ahead student gets a grade she doesn't think she deserves from her teacher. The student then painted his face white, put on red lipstick and came to the teacher's classroom with a knife during the school day. Then she started threatening to kill the teacher. She got the idea from the movie "@CAPS1" and her outfit is similar to @CAPS2. There were students in the classroom calling @NUM1 and the police convinced the girl to put down the knife. Maybe if she hadn't seen the movie, she wouldn't have threatened to kill her teacher. Another reason objectionable material should be removed from the library is because it is sometimes inappropriate for young children. Children may just read books and magazines in the library without even checking them out. That way no one will know they read it. Some of the books in the library have topics such as sex and drugs. When a child reads this book, he probably wants to do everything in the book. I have read a book that contains sex and drugs. If he reads this book, he may put scary thoughts on the child's mind. After all, objectionable material should be removed from the library. The material could lead to violent behavior in people, even if it seems unlikely that the behavior came from that person. The material may also not be suitable for young children. All in all, the material in the library may offend some people.
The library has a variety of books. Books for everyone. I don't think libraries should have to take a book out just because some people don't like it, or find it offensive, while others might like the author. If there is a book in the library that upsets you, don't steal it, put it back on the shelf, and get on with your day. As author Katherine Paterson said, if we start taking books off the shelves, there are no books left to read. Yes, some books aren't for kids and some adults, but that's why you shouldn't give them a peek until you think they're old enough. Just because you don't like the book doesn't mean no one likes it. Everyone has their own reading tastes, just like everything else. The library has sections for all ages. Books with age there. Just like the children's section is for children, the adult section is for adults. Small children should not steal books from adult sections. Parents should be accountable to their kids out there to see what they're doing. That way we don't have to worry about what they're reading, watching or listening to. The state of the library has been great, it has been for years, and it will be for years to come. So no library should remove certain books just because someone doesn't like it, or wants their kids to read it. Ignore this book is even there and find another book that suits your liking. People learn a lot from books, so if we get rid of most of them, what will we learn from them? Books are an important part of history. Why get rid of your history? This is wrong. Books should stay where they are and where they belong.
Libraries have short, long, and everything in between. Their books are good and bad, but it all depends on the reader's opinion. If someone is offended by a book in the library, there is no reason to remove it from the shelf. Books on library shelves are for everyone to read, so if one is removed, everyone else loses the opportunity to read that book. Do you ruin some food if it doesn't do you any good? No, you won't get it again. So why would anyone have the right to delete a book because they were offended, it's not right, your opinion on something is just an opinion. Your views are different than @PERSON1 who lives on the street, so by removing a book it pushes your views to other people. In conclusion, the book in question may be good or bad in the eyes of the next person who reads it. Pushy people are usually not liked by others. Books are for readers to read and interpret. That's why no one has the right to take it off the shelf.
' Everyone in the world has their own opinions, some @MONTH1 find them offensive, but others find it interesting and enjoy reading, listening and watching the material. I personally have never had this problem, I've only been to the library @NUM1 or so times and I usually rent movies. Some people can't handle certain things like gore and guts or racism in movies and music, but at the same time some people absolutely love it's their thing. I think it's wrong to deprive them of what they enjoy reading or watching and listening to. Some will say it's vulgar good, people will say it's masterful, or something they like is dull and has no interesting morals. Libraries usually don't have anything gory or something that might contain too much porn in books, but not in movies or magazines. Music nowadays can be vulgar and disrespectful, it can also be very pornographic and contain a lot of gang-related violence, which has become a huge problem for our kids. The library usually has old school music like michael jackson, @CAPS1 and slow improv like @CAPS2-kelly, as well as old smooth positive rap, old country music, and beautiful soothing jazz. The music our kids are listening to now has all these frustrating and violent morals that don't need to be shared with some of these young and imitating minds. I believe they shouldn't take it off the shelf, but I believe you should be old enough to use this stuff.
Today, anything you can imagine seems to be somewhere in the world, somehow. It doesn't matter whether you find it in a magazine, book, music or movie. The truth is, if the good stuff is there, you can usually assume the bad stuff is there too. These bad things are sitting on the shelf in our national library, waiting for someone to open it and indulge in the way they are playful, intense or vivid. As @CAPS1 everyone has the right to do or read what he wants. But what would happen if it wasn't a man at all and was actually a child? This kid didn't choose to read something so bad, but just happened to stumble upon it. Should they be punished for accidentally seeing this material and reading it? This raises the question; who is to blame and what are the solutions? Censoring something in a library is a good and respected idea, but if someone wants to read something, should they be able to? This is a very tricky situation, and determining the answer should be a long and thoughtful process, looking at the question from all angles and from different perspectives. The people who brought this to the surface likely had personal experiences that made them feel so strongly about library censorship, and so did I. On the dry, bubbly @DATE1 day, I wanted to find something to do indoors. So instead of staying home all day, I walked to the library. @DATE1 I've been there many times and I'm pretty familiar with their options so I'm looking for something new. So I got out of the kids section and browsed the rest of the library. There are so many options and options right at my fingertips. I got tired of reading all the titles, so I did what other kids would normally do and what parents have been telling their kids not to do for centuries; I judge these books by their covers. I found a story that looked interesting, long story short, I happened to stumble upon a love story. But not the kind I'm used to. This is an adult book that wants to detail the relationship of a sexually active elderly couple. Needless to say I am speechless. I read those things when I was a kid and was very scared. Nonetheless, it leads me to believe that implementing censorship in the library is a smart move. Of course, not every child will have the same experience as me. In fact, almost no one wants to. But I know I am traumatized. So I can easily imagine how other people feel when the same thing or something really similar happens to them. But to all the other people who haven't had it happen or have stumbled across such material, it might feel unfair to take things away from them just because others can't handle it. But if you're like me, or any other innocent kid who happens to discover and experience something they're not ready for, wouldn't you agree that reviewing the library is good for everyone? If you want something stronger or more intense, then you can go to a bookstore instead of a public library. I'm a teenager and I don't have kids, but I can only imagine what your parents would think if it was their kids who were emotionally scarred and they could have been shielded from the start. Kids are supposed to be kids and not have to worry about the bad things in the world, and the most effective way to keep it that way is to review books, music, magazines, and movies from the shelves of public libraries.
Hundreds of people visit your local library every day. Libraries offer everything from books, music, movies, magazines, and newspapers, but what "restrictions" do libraries have on the content of these things? All kinds of people go to the library. I go to the library, you go to the library, mom, dad, aunts, uncles, siblings, we all go to the library once in our lives. Different groups of people have different interests, and @MONTH1 offended others. The question is, should we limit or exclude certain themes from the library? Restricting or censoring the mass media in our libraries will pretty much empty them out. The truth is that someone somewhere offends most library items. You can never please everyone. Also, some of these topics can be used for educational purposes. Take anatomy books, for example. While high school and college students use these books and charts for learning, many mothers find them inappropriate for their children to read. That's why libraries have different sections for different readers. There might be a children's section, a "tween" section, and an adult section to help with this. Also, everyone's interests are different. I personally can't stand rap music, but my sister loves it. Even though I find some of what they say in these songs offensive, it's my choice to listen or not. Songwriters, singers, publishers and authors who created this material have the freedom to do so. Who are we to tell them they can't write about sex, drugs or murder because, let's face it, these things are part of our everyday lives. If kids don't see these things in the library, they'll end up encountering them elsewhere. Should we remove 'objectionable' material from libraries? No. If we did that, there would be no books to read, no movies to watch or music to listen to, because everyone would be mad at something.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Newspaper @CAPS4 I was really touched by the artedclie you wrote last week. Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelf if found to be offensive to certain people. i go back and before this, first i was thinking if someone offended some people and then the energy of our predecessors wrote it down bucese if offensiveds people then why do we sell it to people but then i go to think agian and i Just like people have a right to free space, if that's how they talk about something, give them space in their minds. This great court of Ares was built on the basis that everyone was the same, and that everyone was given the right to freedom of space. If people talk like they do in music or the way they behave in movies they live there if you don't like it don't buy it or even pay attention to it. Saying if I was a rapist like lil wayne or someone like this I would care about the people who speak up and that's my way of showing the world don't go all out to watch a tv show to make fun of or until you write to authors, until what they feel about the topic. Every black, white, yellow, brown or even green person has the right to freedom of space. Yes give us a ressen, I think even if you have idia, but you think it's supted just saying it's because some people think it's amazing or not. But everyone is the same, so treat others the way you wouldn't be treated. I want to thank you for reading this article. Your craft really made me see the world and how I see it. Thanks for writing it. Sincerely, @PERSON1
I think this book might offend some people at times because they are a certain genre that thinks it's okay for kids, like games for their age or music for that age, and other people like animals, culture and all idea, but the only thing I think I disagree with is that they can't be books, music, magazines, or even movies with sexual harassment, that kind of stuff doesn't go into library libraries, I agree they need to take that down because I don't want or People want kids who don't respect others and understand the kind of thinking they don't have education and age. I also don't agree that some of the artists are listening to this music and they're talking about drugs and gongs and narcotics and even sex, I know that because sometimes I hear them on @CAPS1 and on the radio sing, it's great for the kids The impact of making their lives in another direction, we are like parents, we don't want our children to be like that, we don't want their future, we want them to have a good future and be successful and give them the same example to them The kids go, they start to be parents, they'll see what we're doing. I've been seen some parts of the world where people are being killed or other innocent people are being killed for these kinds of things, more because of drugs they're selling drugs, they're making money, they're hurting other people or taking this drug kids they could be our kids or some friends kids and sometimes if they don't pay what they need to pay they kill them or say the police are looking for rice for doing bad things i hope the artist or put this on People in the library think they might be doing something wrong
Book Review Library review of books is a major issue for @LOCATION1. The question is, 'Should we put an age limit on what people can view?' Or another question is, '@CAPS1 Did they let my kids check?' @CAPS2 are very common problems and they should be paid attention to. In my opinion, books should have an age limit. My reasoning is that kids under @NUM1 should have a place to find good books for their age group. There are plenty of books for all ages. Children under @NUM1 should not view books, magazines, movies or music with offensive language, racial slurs, or dirty behavior by characters or artists. @CAPS1 Another reason libraries have age restrictions on what you can view is that kids may have the wrong idea. Let's say a book has a statement that says "@CAPS3 I went to my best friend's house for a drink." @CAPS4 would be something kids shouldn't be able to read. This can give children the wrong idea of what they "could" do. Age limits for bookshelves should look like this: @CAPS5 @NUM3 @NUM4 @NUM5 @NUM6 @NUM1-@CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS2 Books in age groups may help avoid parents worrying about what their children are reading. Plus, it helps children decide What to read. I really think the @CAPS7 books for the @CAPS2 age group will stop the ruckus. Censorship is a major issue in @LOCATION1. For everything I listed, I'm pretty sure the questions, "Should we have an age limit on what people can check?" and "@CAPS1 did they let my kids check?" vs. being answered. Books for age groups are a good idea.
The library has books up and down the shelves and @MONTH1 makes people wonder @CAPS1 they're on it. People @MONTH1 standing there staring at a book and asking themselves, '@CAPS1 in the world is this book here? @CAPS2 A lot of people @MONTH1 don't know, every book in the world is there for a reason. Published books are used in the world to teach history, etiquette, literature, or they can give you an edge. Sure, you @MONTH1 came across a book, @MONTH1 offended someone, maybe even yourself, but it's there for a reason. I once read a book about slavery that I found in the school library. It's a first-person novel about a boy who is taken from his family after being sold to another plantation owner. Now some people will be offended by this book because @CAPS3 is calling @CAPS4 all @CAPS4 doesn't like being called by name. But this book helped people realize how much suffering slavery caused people. People can go to any library, from elementary to public libraries, and you can always find at least one book on @CAPS6. Almost everyone will be offended by one of these books because no one likes or dislikes @CAPS7, but for historical reasons they have to be there. People can't take these books out just because it offends a lot of people. It's like removing @CAPS6 from history, which can't happen. If it happened, it happened, and people have to know. Whether people admit it or not, they have come across at least one book that offends them. It happens, it happens almost naturally. But it also offends people if you take the book off the shelf. Those who know books will teach us, we need books to know that @CAPS2 is possible, @CAPS2 happened, @CAPS2 can happen. Books are here for a reason, they need to stay
I believe certain materials such as books, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed if they offend others because censorship and libraries have the right to put what they want on the shelf. Yes, you @MONTH1 say some things are inappropriate for kids, but every library has a kid side so kids don't see inappropriate stuff. I don't think anyone has the right to tell another store where to find their stuff. I can also understand where the author is coming from, but you have to understand that there are people in @LOCATION1 who are willing to read or listen to inappropriate things that parents don't allow their children to see or listen to. I would also consider @CAPS2, @CAPS1 Don't let your kid or kids go to that library or somewhere you know has sleazy material in there. Everyone has their own personal right to put things where they want. There are many other options, @CAPS2 can order their books online or go to the library with their kids. When I was a little girl, my mom never let me go anywhere, so I didn't have to worry about seeing anything inappropriate or offensive. Now @DATE1's day, the kids know right and wrong. Kids know what they want to read, they don't. I also agree that if librarians or adults see or hear kids watching or listening to something they know they shouldn't be seeing, they should stop kids or talk to them on-site. So no, I don't agree with you. I still think people should have the right to put things where they want because it's their thing and their property.
Have you ever read a book or magazine that you despised and thought that taking the book off the shelf would save a lot of people from wasting their time? Or have you ever read a book or listened to a song that doesn't offend you, but might offend someone else about their race or gender? A lot of people have had this problem, and personally I have had it too, but that doesn't mean it needs to be taken down. If everyone in the world goes to the library and takes a book off their local library shelf and throws it away, it's just one they absolutely despise, for their own reasons, or just because they don't like it, there's hardly any book! If anyone has questions about material in a book, magazine, or song, don't read or listen. Others @MONTH1 like to read about the subject, or like that kind of music. I understand that some of @MONTH1's books offend some people, but if you think it's offended, please don't read it. Books on slavery @MONTH1 will offend some people, but that's history and some people might like to know about the subject, or @MONTH1 even needs that information for a research project. There are a lot of books on @CAPS1 too, some @MONTH1 find it offensive, or @MONTH1 don't want their kids to read this book, but that's history. This is a period in the past when @MONTH1 was a high school student doing a research paper thing. I've done a research paper on @CAPS1 and I've read some very mature material that young kids @MONTH1 don't need to study right now, but I don't recommend taking every book off our @CAPS1 shelves Take it down. local library. There are many different reasons to read a book, if you want to read a book for enjoyment and you end up reading a book that you find offensive then choose a different topic to read as some people @MONTH1 love to read this topic. Just because a person doesn't like a book or the topics it covers does not entitle anyone to take the book off shelves because they feel it sends a bad message to younger children, or Might offend some people. If people don't want their kids reading about the subject, tell them when to go to the library to borrow a book instead of getting a book on the subject. If people start to find it too important to have a plethora of books that offend them or others, it is advisable for libraries to make lists of books and their subjects. Each library may need to have a list of books with suggested reader ages listed next to it, or the library may have different sections. One children's day, one youth's day, one adult's day, and one middle-aged day. Also, if absolutely needed, every library can be equipped with computers where you can look up the book and find out what it is about. This will give you an idea of what the book is about before you read it, so if a topic offends you, you can move on to another book and find out what that book is about. This will help many people not read books that offend them and help them find books that are better suited to what they want to read. Songs are a completely different subject. The artist or songwriter will write, rap and sing the songs they want. If people find swearing in a song offensive, don't listen to it. There's no way to tell songwriters not to sing or rap what they want, and stores sell albums that bring them business. If people don't want their child to hear the kind of language or message the song conveys, then they can tell their child not to listen to it because the artist writes, raps and sings about what a song is. Let them make money, it 's just a fact.
Books, magazines, music and movies should not be removed from the shelves. They still have good information that everyone other than you @MONTH1 wants to know. If you take them off the shelf, there is no chance for people who want to use them. If you remove books, then if someone needs a research paper they have to do, they won't have the necessary resources to do it, while the person who has the paper @MONTH1 feels that non-educational books need to come off the shelf, then that person doesn't have Books they want. If they want to remove books from their shelves because of inappropriate language or nudity, libraries can specify that you must be of a certain age to access them. I was upset to see a woman in the library because her son had a movie and book she didn't think was right for him. The books and movies he owns are in different areas, so minors shouldn't get them. So the woman is probably the one who wants to take them off the shelf, but it's not that the library isn't for him not where he should be. A product should stay on the shelf because someone needs it to do something, otherwise it wouldn't have been there in the first place. If they cancel a product that some people don't like, the people who like it won't have it. If there is reason to believe that people have to take your product off the shelf, then the product should be placed somewhere else, accessible to those who do want your product. The product should stay on the shelf so that it can be used by those who need it or just want to use it.
To @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @MONTH1 @CAPS3: Censorship, should @CAPS2 have a place in our society? There has been a lot of controversy on this topic. Some claim that certain types of literature and music contain objectionable lyrics or writings, while others do the exact opposite on the same subject. They think that the text of artists and writers expresses emotion and hides information in vulgar text, and that's where I stand. @CAPS2 It seems like every time we cross this bridge, @CAPS2 comes back to us. Many people who oppose freedom of writing and music often feel that they have to be properly educated and have everyone act the same, unfortunately for many people like this often have a lot of power over what they say What goes, doesn't allow many of the lower classes in our society to have the opportunity to veto their bad views of things. My point of view leads me to believe that there are two sides to this story as well. However, I still believe that a lot of material considered "censored" should not be censored at all. There is a situation where I feel the need for a review. One is a song that lasts @NUM1 and a half minutes and just says "*beep* this, *beep that". All other material, whether @CAPS2 is rapping by @CAPS4 or writing by @PERSON1, is acceptable. There are only a lot of people in the world who need to grow up and listen to the lyrics/words in order to get the full info before automatically assuming there is a problem with @CAPS2. Great @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION1, there's always a message in his music, whether @CAPS2 is about family or just life in general, no matter how many words he uses it's not considered appropriate for our time, so when you hear "*beep*" when @CAPS2 is on the radio. Just by that "*beep*" you might lose the message being conveyed. Also, ever heard the term "equal rights"? So shouldn't music and literature be a right? @CAPS2 is like talking, but with pages or tools. This is how I will get you to discuss this controversial topic. I hope I may have changed a few things about you today, if not then your loss. thank you for your time. @CAPS6 to @CAPS7, @LOCATION1
Everyone had their favorite movie, song or book when they were young. Sometimes these types of media are not entirely suitable for children. Today's song alludes to sexual activity. Books about scary vampires and werewolves are being published. There are even films depicting violence and misconduct that children should not witness. Does this mean they should be restricted to public places, such as libraries? A few people would agree, but I don't. Growing up, @PERSON1 was my world wonder. Her music is fun and unparalleled, making sunny days more enjoyable. Her lyrics seem meaningless until you think more deeply about it. Even watching music videos, they show movements and images that little kids shouldn't replicate. Some @MONTH1 restrict their children's access to this material, but I call it deprivation of the child's liberty. You can go to any public library and browse a large collection of books, DVDs, CDs and even magazines. Some libraries even have computers available for public use. Not all places will offer your favorite artist, movie, or reading material because they don't think it's something that little kids should be addicted to. Who's to say little kids can't enjoy material they love? It's like taking away some of one's originality. If a child is confined to a single thought track, they have no chance of being a person with their own opinions and feelings. Restricting children's media can benefit them to some extent. Limiting time on the computer, playing video games or watching TV can help teach children time management skills. Most kids will see something interesting and repeat what they've learned or share with an adult, which can cause them trouble. Nonetheless, libraries should not remove offensive media from shelves. There should be an age limit for renting such objectionable material. Just because a book or film's language and images should not be seen by children, doesn't mean libraries should restrict public access. Restrictions on renting this material can be set. In my opinion it will solve all problems. In conclusion, censorship in public libraries can be beneficial, but they should set rental age limits rather than delete all material at once. So make parents happier instead of restricting one's freedom to develop one's own opinions and preferences for different types of media
Do you believe in hiding more books and movies than @CAPS1? Do you think children can control themselves with aggressive behavior? Have you ever watched a kid watch a horror movie @CAPS2 @CAPS3? Why do you think most parents prevent their young children from seeing this? I think materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should be removed from children's bookshelves if they are found to be offensive. I totally agree with adults not letting kids watch that new horror movie or that action book their brother is reading. I think they should consider the impact of watching or reading something. Young children are still innocent. You don't want your kids to have nightmares because you let them watch movies that are over @CAPS1 rated. You feel guilty if your child has problems for the rest of their lives. You have to choose whether they can comfortably see what they are watching or reading! It's important to hide them so kids don't get hold of them. Be mindful of the movies and books you leave around the library. You should have a children's section in the library. You should have all the material your child should be interested in. It should be as colorful and playful as possible. I once saw this girl named @CAPS5. I was babysitting her one night while her parents were watching a movie. I brought a movie to watch while @CAPS5 fell asleep. So once the clock turns to @NUM1, I put her to sleep. But little did I know she was awake, @ORGANIZATION1 I was watching this horror movie called @ORGANIZATION1. There was blood everywhere and she started vomiting! I thought I had pinned her to sleep in her bedroom, but to my surprise she was still awake! I rushed over to her and put her back to sleep. Hope she didn't have nightmares. Be curious about what you let your child read or see. You have to consider what will happen to your child later in life. I know you don't think it's that bad for kids, but it really messes up their thinking and behavior forever. So I hope I've convinced you to follow my advice and take the @CAPS1 movies and books off the shelves for the safety of the kids
Everyone is @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and everyone is @CAPS1, we can agree. So why do people try to censor books, movies, magazines, etc., as I pointed out before, we are all @CAPS1, so we all have @CAPS1 criteria to judge what is bad and what is good. When we remove a book from a library shelf for some reason, we must do so, then others should have the same right to do so as they see fit. If I picked up a book on why @CAPS3 is the right religion and I'm @CAPS4, I'd probably find it offensive. However, if I give the same book to @CAPS3, that person will likely read the exact same book that @CAPS4 read, and find it not objectionable at all. It all boils down to how we think about everything, so why would you let one person or even a small committee set standards for library review when they @MONTH1 have a feeling and another committee or person totally @CAPS1 Feel. Everyone is @CAPS1 and has a different feel for the problem. There is no way to ensure that @CAPS2 books in the library don't offend a person. The same question applies to music, movies, magazines, etc. No matter what we do, someone will be offended. For example, my school says the Pledge of Allegiance every day, but some people, like @ORGANIZATION1, find it offensive. People all over the country say it before school, sports, etc., but you don't see a lot of people against it. I've observed that most people who find it objectionable just ignore it, so why can't we do the same with books, movies, magazines, etc. that we @MONTH1 find objectionable. In conclusion, there's really no way to do censorship in a library, because no matter what it might or might feel offensive to tell a person. So why can't we not read what offends us, it really is the only way to avoid offending others. For these reasons, I don't think libraries should have censorship
Throughout literary history, many books have been banned from public libraries and shelves. They all offend some people in some way, but not all of them. Even some books containing magic and fiction are expelled from certain societies simply because of certain religious and cultural backgrounds. I believe that there should never be a piece of literature banned entirely from the public. When a book is banned, a piece of history disappears from the sight of others. @MONTH1 A book that was banned on @DATE1 my mother or father cannot read. Neither me nor my future children will ever be able to read it. Material removed from the public is often removed because a particular group complained about its content. When I was about eight, I remember seeing on the news that @LOCATION1 and other @CAPS1 @CAPS2 countries were burning the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 series of books just because it contained magic and ridiculous fiction. Maybe they got burned because @CAPS5 looked down on its stories and fiction, but that doesn't mean it should be banned from the library. The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 series is one of the most popular literary works of my generation and my descendants should be able to enjoy it as much as we do. Before @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 started, @CAPS11 started being discriminated against. They are considered subhumans, as in this example. There was a night on @DATE2 called @CAPS12 where radical @CAPS13 and @CAPS14 supporters burned down @CAPS11 homes, shops, and even books. Some of these books may be the only copies, but @ORGANIZATION1 let their hatred triumph over them and destroyed @CAPS16 literature. Generations after @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 will never be able to read the books burned during @CAPS12 as @ORGANIZATION1 finds @CAPS16's work distasteful. In Kathryn Patterson's famous quote, she said, "But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf -- a job I hate -- then you have the same right, and so do everyone else. Then We have no books on the shelf for any of us. I believe she is right in that statement. If literature continues to be censored, there will be no posterity to appreciate. No literature should be censored, even the most radical Nor should the most magical or fictional literature be censored. If censorship continues, the future of literature is doomed.
There are many works in modern times that can be considered provocative or offensive. Some are not even suitable for young eyes. Some people will come up with many reasons to take these books off their shelves, but I believe that neither politicians nor artists should have the right to put down someone else's work. There must be books in the library that ordinary people can't even dream of, but these books should not be put down. I don't think a person's work is instilled with hope, money, faith and elbow grease and should be removed from the public. No matter how offensive or wrong @MONTH1 is, it's their work and time, and their heart and soul, that they put it into a book. It's true that this has been done in the past to suppress rebellion and power shifts, but I still disagree. For example, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 in @PERSON1 is illegal even in @LOCATION1 today. Of course this is for a specific reason and it's not bad, but I believe the book should still be available so that people can read and learn from the past. It has been so for many centuries, to be able to publish a book means to be remembered forever, and many people put their souls into the book they write. These books represent the ability to think freely, and if a book is the removal of books from society, then one is the removal of free will and free thought from society. This is especially prominent in the dark psychological science fiction of @PERSON2, @CAPS3 @NUM1. The book's description of future society from the perspective of the people of @DATE1 is almost prophetic, almost completely accurate in describing what would happen if the book was taken out of society, and was even censored for a long time. Of course it conveys extremism view of censorship, at least not in the near future. An ominous omen, however, is that censorship is freely empowered. People can have many opinions on a topic, a book, or an idea. However, that doesn't mean it should be removed if it is deemed wrong. This applies to music, movies, magazines, websites and books, etc. If someone removes these from society in any way, they are removing a part of the flavor and individuality from society from a raw point of view. If laissez-faire censorship is allowed, even if it's only for "extreme" or "radical" ideals, people will never be fully equipped to learn from their mistakes and know what to do in the future, it will be history and it will repeat itself. Of course, I don't think the government should simply let terrorists and radicals spread their ideals as they please. Once a person is proven to be a threat or threat to the public, then they should definitely be detained and convicted. I think the law should be upheld, but it shouldn't be overextended. .Censorship , as a whole, is a process that benefits the public interest, but all in all, it removes the ability to see the raw, cold truth of life. This keeps some people from never learning how to be truly safe and how to think and believe in their ideals. When politicians step into the boundaries of art, music, literature, and even education to some extent, trying to prevent it from flourishing naturally, then something has to be done. I'm not sedition, but I really don't believe that politics should rule the artistic soul of the common man. This in itself is how society destroys itself and loses its focus and connection with the world
Many different people have their own opinions on what they want their children to be exposed to, whether in books, movies, music, or any other type of media. So should libraries be stricter and remove certain items that might be offensive or vulgar to parents or even students? I believe it all depends on how the library advertises or who they allow to view what. I know specific to my particular situation that my mother didn't like me reading a particular series because she didn't think it was the right reading for me. Because of that, it doesn't mean she goes to the library and asks them to throw away all the books that author has written. She respects the fact that other people enjoy reading these books, and just asks me to avoid them and find something better for me to read. In many libraries I know they have specific areas for specific age groups such as children, teens and adults. Within these specific designated areas, they have a kind of "sub-area" that separates education from entertainment, etc. Suppose a parent is offended by a particular section (say, the sex education section), should they ask the library to remove it entirely? I don't think it's going to be of any help as some students use the subject for the area they're studying and parents use it as an educational tool for their own kids. I do think libraries should put stamps or notices on their different types of media saying that only people of a certain age group should be able to see them aloud and be able to check them. An eight-year-old shouldn't be able to go in and watch @NUM1 movies anytime. There should be limits to such an area, but someone came in and said it's absurd to take out all @NUM1 movies because there are other people out there who enjoy this kind of entertainment. Libraries want to respect the fact that there are different types of people with different interests and they try to make their environment as comfortable as possible for everyone. They separate children's videos from adult videos, and they even have a whole separate book for them to explore and explore. The only thing I don't think should be in a library is a sleazy magazine or video. After all, the library is still a communal family area, and no child should stumble upon any sloppy articles. So, should the library completely remove the media area? I do not think so. I think they should differentiate between adult and children's material. Kathryn Patterson said, "But if I have the right to take the book off the shelf." . . . then you have the same right, and so does everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. If we keep removing books from the shelves, we will end up with nothing to read.
The folks at @MONTH1 have some reason to take things off their shelves, like books, magazines, @CAPS1, etc. This is very important whether these reasons are personal or professional. Some @MONTH1 feel the material is not good for them. Others may find it inappropriate to offer something similar to the younger generation. Writing or music can be considered unnecessary and irrelevant. There are many things in the world that can offend someone. Someone may be an educated person or a high school dropout. In all things in the world, someone will find something offensive to them or others. It can be a phrase used by the author or the name of a song. But taking something from the people is not right and should not be allowed unless it is very offensive. They can choose to stay away from this kind of thing. Unless the offender is very public and actually offends everyone, it should be removed. Other material may just be blatantly inappropriate for some people to access. If there was a book about how to rob a bank or how to make cocaine, it should be deleted because that would lead to problems that would never happen. People may learn how to do these things anyway, but allowing it to become public information is like starting a fire that is out of control. Of course anyone can get an idea to do something from anything they read, but that's how they interpret it. Some things are inappropriate for this world and all people in it. If you listen to @CAPS2 and their singers or rappers start using profanity and disrespecting race or gender when they're not doing anything to anyone, it's going to be unnecessary. Such a thing shouldn't have been allowed in the first place, it's bad enough to do it to another singer, but talk about race or culture in inexcusable circumstances. Or if a writer wrote a story about someone who, for example, just recently saved people's lives, said they were a terrible person who did terrible things to people who they knew very little about, barely Hear any stories. In conclusion, under certain circumstances, people should have the right to take something that is extremely offensive not only to them but to many others. Or if these materials cause problems that shouldn't start. If text or music is inappropriate for a certain race or culture, it should be removed. Everyone has their own right, and if writing, music and video let them down, they should have the right to have it removed from access.
My take on this is that they know about @CAPS3 anyway, so why take @CAPS3 off the shelf? No, I don't think any adult material should be censored. You know when your little girl or boy has something in their hands, just take @CAPS3 from them and say "@CAPS1 your eyes can't handle it". @CAPS2, they'll ask questions, @CAPS2, they'll start to wonder, but they're in school anyway, so what's the big deal? If I had a kid and he got into my personal affairs and started asking questions, I would simply tell them '@CAPS3 is mom and dad's stuff' and then hide @CAPS3 in a different place where I know they can't find @ CAPS3. I mean, when you were a kid, of course your parents would yell at you for walking into that room and looking at the stuff that was thrown there, but then again, you would be yelling at you because of them Shout out to them for growing up with @CAPS3. So don't let your kids down because they "stumbled across" @CAPS1, you should learn how to hide your stuff better. I'm not saying I'll have these things (why do I need @CAPS3?) but, as a student looking to the future, I have an opinion. Now suppose you have a few magazines under your bed and your child happens to see them. @CAPS2 they'll start looking at them and maybe say something but that doesn't mean they're doing it wrong @CAPS1, @CAPS3 it's the parents' fault. Like I said before, I would hide my stuff better, but then again, I don't need that kind of stuff to live a happy life, I have my kids and my husband, that's what I'll ever need Yes. So before your parents decide to protest that the library has stuff kids shouldn't see, check your room and hide your stuff so you don't get embarrassed. No, libraries can have whatever they want, @CAPS3 is not a place where you can say what they should ride and what should stay. As a student I stood up and said no, adult material shouldn't be banned from the library, then you're complaining about adults here, that's something we don't need @CAPS1.
The question was asked: "Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, moagazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be objectionable?" No! By taking these things, such as books, music, magazines or movies, @MONTH1 seems to "offend" you to take things that people love. Not many people, including me, would agree to review such a project. So we should do it, I don't think we should. There are many reasons why it shouldn't pass. First, by using this kind of censorship, you may lose more customers in that store selling such items. Once a store loses a customer, they lose money, and then they may even lose their store. A lot of people like things that don't have any limitations. They often find joy in these things. I know me, I myself like to read books and listen to music without limits. So if you take them away or limit it, are people really going to want these things? Second, if books, etc. do have a problem of being unsuitable for children, then categorize books, etc. These categories would put things that are not suitable for children outside of what children should read. Since there is no real solution other than banning these items, this would be the best plan. In the end, as Kathryn Patterson says, "There is a book we can all think of that we wish our children, or any other children, didn't get rid of themselves." If this is really an issue, then parents need to pay attention to them of what children are reading because it is not true that parents take everything out of society just because they care about what their children are reading. So what do you think, this should be the law. this is your choice. Remember though, if you agree to this. Do you really have to be so ruthless when you think about everything you take from others?
Censorship is a contentious issue today. Many authority figures seem to have become obsessed with literature, video games, movies, and music as responsible for the perceived corruption of today's generation. Many people believe in the idea of censorship because it protects their children and keeps them clean and morally upright. However, I think censorship is a big mistake for us. Exposing children to certain works of literature only makes them ignorant, not innocent; so many books are censored today, but the information they contain can be critical to children seeking to understand the world they live in of. One of the most difficult questions about censorship is what should and shouldn't be censored. Books deemed offensive or controversial are the usual targets, but viewing something as offensive is just an opinion. It varies from person to person due to different cultures, religions and ethics. No one can agree on what will negatively affect children, so it is impossible to establish a best standard. The problem this creates is that many valuable books that should be allowed to read are not available. Censorship protects children from information they better not know, but it also robs them of important knowledge. Children should be encouraged to read and learn, not discouraged from doing so. However, if this is the case, why is the censorship debate still raging? The debate continues because, in fact, there are things that should be reviewed. Today's movies, music and even books can be very violent or pornographic in nature, and these inappropriate themes can negatively impact teens. Gory video games and hateful lyrics can encourage children to be hostile to others. But that cannot be the only reason for this behavior; if children are taught how to do it, they will do the right thing, not if they stay away from every example of what is wrong. Censorship is nowhere near the right life lessons about ethics, equality, peace and respect. Inevitably, censorship will remain a common practice. But try this: Think of a book that made your life better, and imagine if you were denied reading it. Do you want your kids to miss out on an experience that could mean the world to them?
I do believe that we can have materials because there are some good materials and there are some good things in them. Books Yes, if we don't have books, we can't leave. How do we people read if we don't have books. Music I would say yes and no because sometimes music is not good but sometimes people need music to work. I would say yes to the magazine because it is too much. This is something @CAPS1 can't see.
No, I don't think certain books, music, movies, magazines should be taken off the shelf. If something like this is taken down, there's not much to read right now, so if they get a good book no one will read it. Most people think rap is bad, but it's what most people listen to these days, and moss people don't like country. There are bad movies out there, but they're funny because they're too funny, disgusting, or they're sad, but bad movies are disgusting or funny. If people make better magazines, then they won't have as much money, and the business will go bankrupt, which is not a good thing, because the person running the business won't have the money to feed his children. Good things like books, music, magazines have changed because people don't like things from a long time ago. If they do that again, people will stop going to the movies and buying books, so I think. There's a lot of good movies and music coming out now, so if they bring back everything they've ever had, people will have more money. Why people have more money is because more people will watch movies from the past days. So movies like @NUM1 or even @NUM2 will blow your mind. That's why I don't think they should take things away because that's how we lose all our hours of money. People are using what they would use for movies or books and what they use for drugs and other stuff that can get them sent to prisons and stuff
I believe certain materials should be allowed on the shelf. It takes a long time for the author to write a book. That's probably where their passion for writing lies, so why should you take it. Everyone has their own opinion, which freedom allows. The materials in the library are categorized by age group, as long as the materials are suitable for that age group, there should be no problem. There are a lot of books that some people don't want their kids to read, but these books actually help kids learn. For example, a book you think is boring might actually be interesting to another person. There are many viewpoints in the world, which is why there are so many different kinds of books. If you take a book or some material off the shelf, how does that help the child. Yes, it may have bad words or beliefs, but it can help someone. If a person is a loner, or just enjoys being alone, they can learn from the mistakes of the characters in the book. Many kids these days are bullied or bullied and don't want to tell adults. If there was a book they read about a person being bullied, maybe that would encourage them to tell the teacher. Yes, I agree, every material has something that other people don't like. There are a few books I don't approve of myself, but I know it's about kids somewhere in the world. Not everyone will grow up in the same conditions, but the material can teach them. You should stop and think, if you were a writer, would you want someone to throw your hard work in the trash? Whenever there is a writer who writes about a big assembly about a certain faith, there are negative thoughts. No one stops to think about others or their families. They only care about their families. Even the author's family was embarrassed by the rally, but no one stopped to think about their family and their feelings. Think about what you think, does anyone care what you think? That's why, as a human being, we shouldn't belittle someone's opinion and make them say what they believe on paper. How would you feel if someone threw your beliefs or opinions in the trash? If there is an assembly about the material in the library, judge for next time. Do you want someone to judge your beliefs or opinions?
A lot of things can be found distasteful these days, but that doesn't mean you're taking it away from other people who like it. Everyone has their own opinion, their view of things. For something that people find offensive, I think they should stay away from it. No, I don't think certain materials should be removed from library shelves. Some people @MONTH1 may enjoy if they find it offensive. Quite simply, if people are causing the problem, it probably depends on the people who work in the library. Yes, there's a lot to hate about @MONTH1, but that doesn't mean taking away what everyone else @MONTH1 loves. I have been to many libraries in my life. I don't really see anything offensive, but I've seen some adult-only books and movies. Honestly, it's pretty simple in my opinion, if something offends you, stay away because everyone else @MONTH1 loves it. These materials should be removed from library shelves, it doesn't depend on my weather. Although I do believe that those who find it offensive should stay away from it. Before jumping to conclusions, you have to take a few things into consideration.
This post is about censorship in libraries, they shouldn't because a lot of this stuff is on TV like Comedy Central, @ORGANIZATION2. @CAPS3, mtv and many channels. Whether or not the music should be censored, as whitespace spoils beats, rhythms and lyrics. Censorship ruins the way songs are played, which makes people angry because they like a song, but if they want to listen to it, they have to use a computer. The sites they can visit are @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2, and more. Movies shouldn't be a parent's choice if they don't want kids watching or hearing things they don't choose or telling kids to go to their room. books! ! ! I shouldn't repeat should not be censorship because what if an adult wants to read them. It's not fair to them because all of this is about the kids. Kids are smart about it, they know what to read and what not to read. TV show! is the best thing about many of their shows, which is funny, awesome, thrilling, etc. But it will affect you. Here's an example of @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS3 and many more movies showing a lot of good movies, but since they've blocked words and parts of the movie, it really doesn't make sense to watch it because they're not the parts they actually watched, They have to rent it or buy it. Go to the movies. am i right? I'm just saying that censorship ruins a lot of TV shows movies and music and no one wants that. It ruins people's entertainment and it's sad to see actors, music writers, writers, and more spend a lot of time for fans and work. When can they be with their family! ! ! Well, that's the end of my article
There is material out there that some people find objectionable, or that we don't want our young people to indulge in. These items can include music, books, and movies, but I just want to give you some of my thoughts on the subject. On materials such as music and movies, there are ratings on the items that indicate the age-appropriate content contained in the music or movie. Like movies, there are ratings like @CAPS1, which means you should be @NUM1 or greater to watch it. @NUM2 is parent guidance or @NUM3 and above. PG means that you should keep your parents with young children. @CAPS2 for all ages. If there is something objectionable, or the language in the music is bad, the cover will have a label that says unambiguous. I agree with this. I don't think they should take anything off the shelf unless absolutely necessary. If someone doesn't like what's in the item, they can choose not to listen, watch, or read. Some people may disagree with me and I can see where they are coming from. Saying that if there is a book that is racist, I agree it should be taken off the shelves. There are also some people who are leaner, while others are stricter. Just like parents. Many parents want to raise their children without swearing and violence, while others let their children watch and listen to programs outside that age group. Like me, my parents made me see, read, and listen to what I wanted, and in my opinion I behaved well, while others may not. I've seen kids whose parents are not strict, let them indulge in these objects, and they turn out to be well-behaved adults. There are also people you have strict parents who turn out not to be that great and vice versa. That's all I have to say about this topic. You have seen my views and my beliefs. All in all I think I can say that everyone has their own views and opinions
Have you ever been offended by a book, movie or magazine? Have you ever wished no one else needed to read it? Should this offensive material be removed from the library? I don't think they should. Books, movies and other materials should label them @MONTH1 found offensive. From my own experience, I know that a person is easily offended by a book or a movie. Many times, I have read a book that is completely contrary to my religious beliefs. Most of the time I ignore it and move on to a better book or movie. Sometimes it's harder to ignore. I always try to forget and move on with my life like everyone else should. Have you read the book @CAPS1? If you know, some of the ideas in this book will spark a lot of controversy. An example in the book is that they killed some children. Most people, like me, disagree with this idea. They thought it was wrong. Again someone @MONTH1 tried to get this book banned, but it's still a wonderful piece of literature. As you @MONTH1 saw in the media recently, many are trying to remove the book @CAPS2 @CAPS3 from schools. Some find the book offensive because it repeatedly refers to Native Americans in more esoteric terms. The law has not been passed and remains in school. The law is not passed because it doesn't affect everyone. Some @MONTH1 don't find this offensive. So it wasn't removed. Removing objectionable books from the library is the exact same thing. Some @MONTH1 find these books offensive, while others @MONTH1 do not. It would be appalling to take these books out of everyone's reach. @MONTH1 This book only offends one race or religion. Why not simply put a warning label for that race or religion? This will solve the problem by handing them the decision to read it and be offended. It may not be that the books are offensive to race or religion, perhaps to a certain age group. If that's the problem, then librarians can place the books in the appropriate age section. I give reasons based on my own experience, other readings, and my observations in the media. I just want you to consider my thoughts. Don't remove a book from a shelf just because it offends a person. Just put a warning label on the book after a few complaints. This will put the blame for being offended in their hands. Again, I don't think offensive material should be removed from our library, and only those who offend should be reviewed
At @LOCATION1, everyone wants reviews. Mainly because they don't want to be outcasts. This is understandable if we have a large number of different races in @LOCATION1. In some ways, scrutiny is necessary, and in others, some people just want attention. If all the different races want censorship, then why should we censorship to the liking of only one group of people? Essentially, the censorship problem isn't going away because it's a chain reaction. For example, if one group of people asks the library to get rid of books because of the references they provide, that might be an insult to another group of people. Then that group doesn't like to refer to another book, another group doesn't like it, and it goes on. Therefore, there must be a certain tolerance for the review of different groups of people. On the other hand, younger children need scrutiny. They grow and mature every day, both physically and mentally. So if we put an inappropriate book in front of them, they will read it and accept it as a standard. When they read bad things like this, they set wrong goals and values for their future lives. We are all different and interpret things in different ways. So when you watch a movie and listen to music and think it's wrong, someone around the corner @MONTH1 thinks it's normal. If you question someone's movie or song, in the plan of things, you question their judgment, it's not fair to them
Books, music, movies, and magazines are all things people use to entertain and learn, and should be available to everyone. If someone is offended by one of these things, I don't think they should be removed from the shelf or ad. Many people will still find these books or other resources interesting. If the source is something more adult, then it should be in a labeled or informative section. Radio stations play songs that talk about sex, drugs and violence, but I believe kids need to connect with those things. Parents can't keep their kids away from it for the rest of their lives, and most of the bad words are cut out. Everyone has different interests in the things they like. So why should you pull it off a store or library shelf just because it offends a person?
I don't think libraries should censor the kinds of books, magazines, etc., because people should have the right to read whatever they want. People don't necessarily like to read something, but if it's important for them to research something or read a book for school, they need to have resources available. Take the book, @CAPS1 in @CAPS2 for example. In that book, it described the kidnapping and rape of young girls. Certain courses will require you to read the book, even if no one really wants to. Some people have different tastes in movies. Personally, I prefer horror movies (but not gory ones) because they make me think about what's going to happen next. Some people like movies that are really graphic and gory, and maybe if libraries start taking such movies off their shelves, those people will have a harder time finding them. Some people find some things more objectionable than others. Who can say where it should stop? Movies that make fun of or talk about religion will offend people of that religion, but people of other religions will not be affected. Imagine watching @CAPS3 and seeing someone talk about everything you believe and joke about it. Really offend people, and others don't care at all. Basically, I think we have the right to read or watch anything that makes us happy, and if there's something you don't want to see, you just have to ignore it and leave it alone. Shouldn't be ruined by others who want to see
Media censorship has been around since @ORGANIZATION1 started. Some of the original films were deemed too offensive to never make it to theaters, but how do books, music, movies, and magazines in libraries need to be censored? If a book is not suitable for children, the book should be reviewed to keep them away from it. Extremely offensive books should be removed from the shelves or placed in the library. Libraries are places to learn or read for fun, and those very offensive books don't teach learning or fun. Music is another matter. Most of the songs are very offensive and should be placed in a different section. They shouldn't be in the kids' music section because parents really want their kids to learn swearing at five? Most parents don't want their kids to learn swearing, and they probably want libraries to be completely free of music related to sex, drugs, and swearing, all of which are censored by the media today. Maybe libraries could carry censored music instead of uncensored music. Film is almost identical to music in that it mostly depicts what is in the music, but it is visual. Likewise, parents do not want to see gestures that cause their children to replicate what they see or hear about drug use or inappropriate gestures. Libraries should put movies in the adult section of the library. They should do it by placing a check bar over the swearing mouth, or by placing the check bar on that person's hand or anywhere when they make an inappropriate gesture. Censoring magazines has become increasingly difficult over the years. Magazines are impossible to censor unless you are the recipient of the magazine. If you are a library receiving magazines, please use a black marker to cross out text or images that look offensive. Libraries should not carry inappropriate magazines. If you see inappropriate content in the library, please tell the librarian and see if they will review the material.
Yes, I think if some material is found objectionable, it should be removed from the shelf. Some people don't want to read things they're not very interested in. Such material offends a lot of people and should be removed from public bookshelves. For example, someone @MONTH1 stumbles across a book that contains inappropriate material. They can take it home and start reading, realizing that the material they are reading contains information that is offensive to them. This does worry some people, and it could hurt the library holding the books, and they could start losing customers. Another reason inappropriate material should not be displayed publicly is children. What if a young child was hanging out in a store or library and picked up a random book or magazine with an objectionable image? That young child will see things that should not be seen by that child. However, it did happen. Imagine how angry the child's parents would be. They will likely do everything in their power to keep these materials out of public display and out of children's reach. Kids definitely don't need to see this stuff, and, even some adults don't even like it. Religion is also an example of why places should pay attention to what they put on their shelves. @MONTH1 against reading inappropriate material for certain religions. If they didn't know their book contained it and they read it, they would be very angry and very upset. This may keep many people from reading certain books or even going to the store where they even bought the material. Taken together, all of these are perfect examples of why inappropriate material should be removed to prevent people from being offended. This is why books, magazines, etc. should be removed from public shelves as they offend a lot of people
As Katherine Paterson once said, “All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don’t get off the shelves.” As a writer, she feels If she and anyone else had the right to take those uncensored books off the shelves, there would be no books left. Depending on the person, some of @MONTH1's books may offend some, but not all. I don't think books should be taken off the shelf by anyone because everyone may have different preferences for books. I think libraries should keep untested books in a section so kids can easily avoid seeing or reading inappropriate material at their age. Finally, my own experience leads me to believe that certain books should have a warning that not all material is suitable. Someone who has the right to take any book off the shelf is unfair to people. Libraries are a quiet place for people to come and read any type of books, do homework, study groups, and do research on almost any topic, @CAPS1 The amount of books based on personal opinions is unfair to others who might like that genre . Before the internet, libraries and books were one of the primary resources for research, and many people still love books today. I think the freedom to take any book off the shelf jeopardizes the process of learning and discovery. In order to reduce the number of uncensored books that children or people who find them objectionable, libraries should provide for those books. That way, people who are interested in the books can read them, but also keep them out of the books for those who don't. I don't think it's fair to people to take any type of book, because everyone likes different types of books, so it's fair to everyone to have uncensored books in one section. It's also easier for parents to know that their kids won't find books that contain material they shouldn't read. By not agreeing to the right to take any book off the shelf, I think every book with any uncensored material should have some type of sticker on the binding as a warning. If a person sees that sticker and knows they don't want a book with that material, they can easily return the book without arguing. I tried to find a book for a school project, but found out that the material in it was really not suitable for school. This forced me to find a new book for this project. I don't want to completely take this book off the shelf and away from anyone who wants to read it, but in this case it would be easier to warn right away. In conclusion, I don't think certain materials should be taken by anyone. Taking away books can cause a lot of disagreement, because even if one person might find something objectionable, that doesn't mean everyone else will. As mentioned, putting uncensored books in separate sections and labelling the bindings will give a clear warning to anyone who doesn't want to read uncensored books. I think every library needs to consider the above topics to help reduce the problem of people or children finding uncensored books in any section
I don't really read books. I think things that are offensive should be taken down because if they don't exist there might be a sene. If they were really offended, a lot of people would fight, which is not a pretty sight.
I believe if I work in a library, if I find multiple synonyms with profanity, rasicm, slang. I agree to take magazines, @CAPS1, music books, @CAPS2 books, etc. I don't want my own kids going to the library and looking for racist books, etc. I want to inspire more people to check out library books, but if there are inappropriate books, you can't. If I work in a library, I have to scan all the books to make sure they are suitable for young people, young children. How would you respond if I didn't do a book scan to check the book and one of your kids brought home an inappropriate book? I will observe all the books in our library. I also think all libraries should have more inspiring books and cartoons, as well as baby books for little ones. I think if most of us go to the library and find a bad book, I think we should have the right to take it off the shelf, not only that I don't want my kids to see it but I also don't want other people's kids to see it. This is how I feel if my kid picks up a bad vulnerable book. I won't let him/or go back to the library until they organize the library there. Finally, I think the library should have a large room full of children's books. Also I think they should have different age groups like a baby room and another room for kids @NUM1 to @NUM2+. I hope this inspires you. Always read the back of a book before borrowing it from the library because you never know what the books will be about
Censorship in libraries has been a problem for the community for as long as literature has existed. As Katherine Paterson said, if one person has the right to remove books from the shelf that he or she deems inexcusable, then everyone has the right to remove books he or she deems inexcusable. Everyone has their own opinion on what is unexceptional, so @MONTH1 has no books to stay on the shelf. With that said, if the government censors materials like books, music, movies, and magazines, there's nothing stopping them from banning all of them. There will definitely be people who want to censor something, but the government @MONTH1 doesn't think it's something that needs censorship. This begs another question, what is considered to be viewed inexorably? In my opinion, this is a matter of opinion, so should we leave such things to the government to decide? I don't think books, music, movies or magazines should be censored. Reading, listening or watching a material is a personal choice. Over time, the government's view on whether something should be reviewed has changed. The novel "@CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1" was censored and banned by the government for containing language and scenes that were inappropriate for readers. If the work continues to be banned, this canon of American culture and its influence on American literature to this day will disappear. I think literature is another art form. Art should never be censored because lack of it hinders all development in our society. Artists are risk takers, and so are writers. What would our society be like if people were not allowed to take risks? Developments made by researchers, inventors, artists and writers may once have been seen as risks. Should we censor them? Another example of censorship negatively impacting society and culture was during the @CAPS2 regime. Music, books, art, movies, everything is censored or banned under the rules of @CAPS3. A whole generation was lost under his influence, and because he didn't like them, they were considered unparalleled. Now, shouldn't we place the power to choose the unexceptional in the hands of a group of people? Under such a principle, entire generations of books, music, etc. could be threatened. There's no reason why we shouldn't see, read, or hear anything we want as a nation. The government's ability to censor libraries can prevent us from being exposed to ideas we don't know about. Lack of exposure is the reason a society is ignorant of the world around it. Who will stop the government from censoring the next literary masterpiece? There's nothing stopping them from banning "@CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1", so is there a limit? This is the question people must ask themselves to prevent the government from risking cutting off the country from future masterpieces.
Recently the library has had a censorship issue. Many books, movies and music have been removed from the library as objectionable. However, some libraries won't remove items because they are objectionable. There are many reasons why items may or may not be reviewed, but libraries should not review certain items. One reason offensive material should not be removed is that material deemed offensive may be labelled to warn people about material in books or movies. If a child attempts to view a book or movie with a warning label, they must be accompanied by a parent to approve the child's access to the item. Whether a child reads or sees objectionable material is a parent's decision. Another reason objectionable material should not be removed is because parents have to approve items their children get. If they think the material is too mature for their child, they can limit them. If the item doesn't seem too harmful, they can allow it. However, this decision rests with the parents. Books or movies deemed offensive can also be individually assigned in the library. Children will not be allowed in this section without parental supervision. Again, this is the decision of the child's parents. There are many reasons why offensive material should not be banned. However, such materials should limit who should and should not examine them.
Everyone has their own opinions and arguments about something. There are a lot of books out there that might offend people in some way. There may be thousands of books in the library, and sometimes I find it hard to find the right book that interests me. My personal opinion is that I don't think a book should be removed from the shelf, even if it @MONTH1 offends someone. As I said in the first paragraph, everyone has their own opinion. There are many types of books out there, including murder, romance, mystery, drugs, and more. These books should be placed in different areas like many books. What does it mean for us humans if books go off the shelves? Everyone has their own freedom. So if books are to be transferred from someone, it is personal freedom. There are more books in the library. From books, movies, music, magazines, etc., there can be different types. I do think they should be placed in different areas. I can see people thinking that if they pick up something disturbing it will have an effect on young children, but they should be with adults. Adults know better than children what is right and wrong. For example, whenever I go into a public place, I rarely see children running around, especially in the library. The library should be quiet, not jumping around screaming. Children should be with their parents or adults so they can't hold onto things they shouldn't. I know some teens might be offended by drugs or killings in magazines or books, but some people like to read that kind of stuff. Does this mean we have the right to take someone off the shelf for being offended? Many people think they have the right to do anything without negotiating with others. People who don't like that stuff should just drop it and get on with what they're doing. If you think there should be restrictions on certain things, I can understand because I agree. There should be sections for teens, adults and children. To me, that doesn't mean we have to offend someone by removing anything from someone else. A library can have an impact on your daily life because it can be calming and soothing. You should be able to have freedom without removing anything from anyone. Taking something doesn't mean you take just one thing, it means you take everyone. You can conduct your own review of the library from your personal freedom. These are my personal thoughts on why things shouldn't be removed from the shelf or anything else
There is a lot of debate about book censorship and how they affect children. Some argue that offensive books should be removed from library shelves. Others think they should be left there for those who want to read them. Some parents say their kids have become more offensive to others, while others think it's just poor parenting. So, you'll see a lot of different accounts of being told something offensive to a child. I think some objectionable things need to be on the shelf and some shouldn't. Offensive articles should stay on the shelf because they might teach kids what's bad and what's not. Other articles that are objectionable for no reason should be taken down. For example, there is music talking about being extremely harsh and disobedient to others when that person is not doing anything harmful. An example that is objectionable in a good way is the book "@PERSON1". @CAPS1's book shows how bad slavery is and it shouldn't happen again. If there is a book or any other material that is objectionable in a good way; I want to read it and understand what it is trying to portray to me. If it paints a bad image, then it should be removed from the shelf. If it's not painting a bad image, then I think kids should be taught so they can understand the impact and know the difference between right and wrong. Books that suggest harmful behavior towards anything that has no purpose should be thrown away. @CAPS1 for the suggestion that children who read it can join the book. Then that could have bad consequences for that person or someone else. I've witnessed accounts where someone listened to bad music or read some bad stuff and was changed by it, and it's not a good way. There have been incidents where the person did something illegal and then had to face serious consequences for that act. And then I also saw people change very well because of a book. I am personally very interested in the book @ORGANIZATION1. Now I realize how bad this is for people of color, so I'm being nice to them. Because they are equal to everyone else.
It's a good idea to remove books from the library because they are objectionable. I disagree because these books shouldn't be gone forever. Books should have age restrictions. Offensive books should only be read by adults or people of a certain age, this will help children not be afraid and help keep history and free speech. By placing age limits on certain books, we can keep children childish and pure. Use a book like "@DATE1" that should not be read by kids @NUM1 or younger. @NUM1 and below are still NIEVE. Little kids don't know about sex, not even premarital sex. Having sex with @PERSON1 and being a girlfriend every other chapter is very unhealthy for kids to read. Also, all the torture parts, would terrify a little boy/girl. We delete history when we get rid of offensive books. Think where we would be if Anne Frank hadn't written her diary. We don't know how bad Hilt is. We can only assume. Get rid of books because they are "offensive" for a ridiculous reason. Books only offend senators. Books keep history alive! Think: "What are we without history?" In the end, freedom of speech is why they should say it. Authors have the right to write what they want. If readers don't like it and find it offensive, then they shouldn't read it. If Shakespeare was told he couldn't write his story, we wouldn't have a Romeo and Juliet tragedy. If anyone could write it, a lot of books would be lost because it was offensive. Books that are too offensive or inappropriate for children to read should have age restrictions. If we get rid of certain books, we also get rid of certain histories. Getting rid of these books can tell the next author that free speech has nothing to do with offense. So please take the book with you, it's only text
Many claim that certain books should be allowed to appear on the @CAPS1 bookshelf. They claim that these books may offend some people and should not be read. These books are called "@CAPS2 Books". @CAPS3, librarians and public officials have gone too far in thinking they should have the right to choose who reads certain books and who doesn't. In the novel To @CAPS4 a @CAPS5, the author uses a lot of offensive words and descriptions. However, these words are essential to the context of the novel. The author is not saying that she personally feels that @CAPS6 @CAPS7 should be described the way they are, but racists like @PERSON3 or many at the time, would not hesitate to describe them that way. Greatly. Fiction To @CAPS4 a @CAPS9 is a great way for people to learn about the history of @CAPS10. A piece of history is unknown without a description in a novel. This novel, @PERSON4 in @CAPS11, attempts to delve into the life of a teenage, whiny teenager. Author @PERSON2 uses a lot of curses in character dialogue. However, these characters are high school boys living in boarding schools. Toning down the language or making the novel "kid friendly" will fail to describe the true nature of the characters. The novel also makes several references to sexual situations. These situations, while offensive to some, are necessary to show the progression of the plot and the changing character traits of protagonist @PERSON1. Literature is not the only medium targeted by those trying to completely censor libraries. Music, movies, magazines and video games were also targeted. In many cases, certain material should not be viewed by young children or immature people. It should be remembered that it is the responsibility of @CAPS3 to review material for children. Instances of violence, prejudice and death occurred during the day. @CAPS1 Customers should not be affected by these events. In conclusion, many times it is necessary for an author to use words or descriptions that offend many people. Librarians should not be given control over which materials arrive on library shelves. Libraries should display a wide variety of books, movies, etc. to the public. If the library does, it's up to @CAPS3 or the individual to pick books that fall within the individual's scope
Literary works are literary works, whatever they contain. All literature should be placed on library shelves. If for some reason the material is offensive or deemed shoddy, it should be placed in a restricted area that requires permission to enter. Literature is a powerful item when it comes to persuasion. So we have to be careful about what we allow to release or see and which eyes. Authors write literature for many reasons. Maybe the reason is to make money or share opinions, but either way, the author usually wants his or her literature to be read. How will an author achieve his or her goals if we decide to remove their hard work from library shelves. If it's not available, it can't read at all. That's one reason why certain books shouldn't be removed from libraries entirely. No matter how vulgar the topic of @MONTH1 is, some people still need @MONTH1. If librarians don't want children exposed to nude images in science books, how will students learn about topics like sex education or anatomy? Of course, some people just want to look naked for silly fun, which is why permission is required to get these books. A small enclosed room in a library should be enough to hold all the books that are considered shoddy. That way, the only way to access these books is to get a key from the librarian. Never wrote a book without reading @MONTH1. There is absolutely no point in destroying certain types of literature as some @MONTH1 feel offended. The easiest solution is to simply make it so that only the people viewing these books want or need to go and see them. We simply can't lose some articles just because some parents don't believe their children's eyes or because someone @MONTH1 is offended by the material. After all, there are no books when everyone has the opportunity to say something objectionable.
Everyone has their own opinion on certain things in life. Maybe its politics; it could be a sports team. Everyone has the right to express their opinion. As for reading material, the opinions can be endless, even distressing. The opinions of some books and media type materials are biased. People are often offended by materials that can be accessed through public libraries. For example, suppose a grandmother and her grandson are at a public library. The grandson picked up a self-help book and started reading. The grandmother later read it and found it was the exact opposite of what she and her parents taught their grandchildren about life. For grandmothers, @CAPS1 is distasteful. By observation, I've noticed that when a person picks up "an objectionable book" and reads it a bit, they tend to put it back where they found it. Obviously not difficult to do. So why take a book out of the library when you can just put it down and leave? The same goes for music, movies and magazines. If you don't like music, don't listen. If you don't think this is a "good" movie, don't go out and watch it. If the magazine looks raunchy, don't buy it. @PERSON1 Well said, if we take all the offensive books off the shelf, "...then there are no books on the shelf for any of us." @CAPS1 statement is as true as any statement. What will be left? Everyone has an opinion, and it's likely that some will always find it offensive. Therefore, offensive books and media should be allowed to remain on the shelves. Whether you find offensive books, movies, music or magazines, why bother? It's easier to move on and forget about it. Ignorance is not all bad
Taking books off the shelf doesn't change anything, kids just go to @CAPS1 to find books in different places, @CAPS1 to bookstores or other libraries if they like. If I see a book, I know I shouldn't read it, but I know it's good music, a book or a magazine. I'll get it, because that's what kids explore. Books are read and read here really don't understand why sum books are in stores and people don't want you to read them. Sum kids don't read at all, seeing them pick up a book @CAPS2 should be fine to come down and read. But there is always an age group that people shouldn't read. But in smae time you can't keep your kids out of this world, what it brings you. This book is there for a reason, not just for people to walk by. I think the reason kids listen to music is that sometimes songs relate to them in a way that other people don't understand. So they felt this song was different from what everyone else heard @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 and @CAPS6. This is not what parents want you to hear. Magazines tell a lot and show young people a lot. I'm my own father and I wish I saw any naked girls at @NUM1 or add something about pron in @ORGANIZATION1 books or any such books. Parents are sometimes too harsh on their children and don't let them do much. But they feel they know what's best for you. Whatever they tell you is no wrong reason @MONTH1 has passed it. That just leads them to do things behind their backs. But if they want to learn the easy way, it's hard.
When you go to the library, @MONTH1 has many options for reading books, watching movies or listening to music, and sometimes you may use offensive words or abusive language that is not appropriate for your child. If a student is offended, or sometimes if a student from a different @CAPS2 may be offended by a movie or music in the library, the student must have the right to remove it from the library. Libraries use books most often. Among those books, there are books that are offensive to a certain student, and if a student finds something offensive, he should have the right to remove the book from the library shelf. Many students like fiction books, they are true stories, but there may be some kind of offensive language or something that the student feels racist towards him. Schools or any public library should remove books that contain inappropriate words that are inappropriate for children to learn in life. Music is also one of the important items to carry in any school library or any public library. The most common types of music you can find in the library are @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 music. Most of the time, this type of music may not have bad words, racism or any offensive language, but some songs may have things that are not suitable for school use. These types of music must be removed from any school library or any public library. Some libraries also have movies, but not every library has movies. Some movies may have gory scenes, abusive language, which may not be suitable for some school-going kids. You should check the ratings of movies you borrowed from the library, or movies you watched at home or anywhere else. The movie may have some racist overtones. The library is a great place to read books, listen to music or watch movies. When you read a book or watch a movie, you may come across words that may not apply to yourself or the students reading those books. These movies, books or music may have abusive language or something rasict to someone from a different @CAPS2. Students should have the right to remove things that are not suitable for school use, such as books, music, and movies, and if they contain content that shouldn't be
A lot of people are offended by something uncensored. Some people think they should be censored, while others think they shouldn't. This is a matter of opinion. I don't think anything should be censored because it takes away freedom of speech. Through censorship, people cannot fully express themselves or opinions. This is how it shouldn't be censored
I strongly disagree with the idea of removing any material from public shelves. Books, magazines and other materials are based on the experiences and observations of authors and musicians. For the readership in @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I don't think removing what a book might contain would have a bad effect on people, like a bug. The world needs its materials. The author of this book writes about his observations and his own personal experiences in life. @CAPS3 put so much into it, why take it away because some people don't like parts of it's wording. A movie considered bad might just have a bad word or a scene with a little blood. Many people like to create something out of nothing. I seriously think there are parents who think that if their child doesn't do well here or see a little blood, the child will end up in jail. Then there's music. The public believes that children should not be exposed to music such as rap and hip-hop. I agree with that, but I also don't see anything wrong with its Kristian rap or clean songs. A musician is paid not only for his or her amazing skills with the instrument, but also for the way he or she connects with the audience. I really don't see any reason to take any kind of material off the shelf. The artist who made it is entitled to his own opinion. I think the public is out of nothing. The smallest problem doesn't name the material the way readers hear the artist's work
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Nobody wants to read, it's hard or I don't want to. The best way to get rid of reading is to read magazines. Sure, it's educational, but it can also demoralize the minds and emotions of some people. One way to get rid of this problem is to censor, or take a particular book from the public. We've all made fun of people, whether it's hurting them or embarrassing them, it hurts people. So does the media. Books, magazines, @LOCATION1 and the internet are all vying for audience success and money, and the best way to do that is to attract audiences. Give them what they want. For some reason, everyone wants to demoralize people, which is why I think @CAPS1 and @CAPS3. Defend your rights and review the things that will make your life worse in the future. Censorship @MONTH1 is just a big word to most people, but it poses a big problem. To me, whenever racism is an issue or vulgarity is an obscene message, @CAPS1 @CAPS3. The concerts we listened to became very intense. I am a victim of the harsh music we play more and more today. At least the station does a better job of beeping dirty words or convincing artists to make clean lyrics. That's where the place tries to clean up. Make tomorrow better than today. With all these new @CAPS5 (music @CAPS6) shows and other reality sitcoms on @CAPS6, it has opened the door to rough. They try to clean it up better on the picture, censoring body parts and global coverage standing their mouths. Other stations like @CAPS5 don't do anything about the sound and vulgarity people show. Books are another thing that can use censorship. The @CAPS2 teacher once told me, "@CAPS8, if you can't read it aloud to me, then you probably shouldn't read it." And I agree. With technology and everything else, kids are more vulnerable to these harsh words and actions. Thus, leading to a society that cannot trust anyone and is prone to turning to vulgarity when needed. In today's world, it's easy to listen to uncensored versions of radio. One tries to make tomorrow a better place, but the other tries to demoralize it. It's one thing if you're angry and frustrated and defending your rights, but not doing it for fun. This is it @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3
Censorship is a two-pronged problem. Some people believe that everything should stay the same. While others feel that unpopular topics should be removed. Is a topic too visual for students? People have freedom of speech. knowledge is power. These are some of the reasons that can be considered in deciding whether censorship is correct. What is too annoying for students? Historically, many things have been considered objectionable. How would students learn about the past if all the books that talked about history disappeared. If students cannot understand the past, then the past is bound to repeat itself. Other books like horror books are for entertainment, so what's wrong with reading books about murder if it's just for entertainment? Some books must be kept so that students can develop to their full potential. If a book is censored, it takes away a person's right to free speech. This limits some creativity and wonder. Now @MONTH1 famous books are never read if certain books are taken off library shelves. Books can showcase someone's thoughts and ideas that might change the world, even if they are objectionable. People all over the world learn from books. Books about the past can help people understand what to do differently in the future. A lot is learned from books every day, and if certain books are taken down, there will be things that will never be learned because some people think the book is not suitable for students to read. Students read books about the past so they can learn. The past is the best teacher, and when the past is gone, those students cannot understand the past. Having books that are considered geeky helps @MONTH1. All books should remain on the shelf. Whatever the book talks about, students can learn from that book. If the book is something students don't want to learn, then they don't have to read the book. Much can be learned from books, knowledge that would not be possible and would not be passed on to future generations without books.
Libraries contain thousands of books and other materials. In these books, magazines, and movies, there is a lot of non-fiction knowledge, information, and a lot of fun and good morals about fiction. If libraries start censoring their books, a lot of information will be revealed to the public to read. The government may have a variety of reasons why they think certain books should be taken off the shelves. Some possible reasons could be that they are racist, send misinformation to children, or spread the knowledge that @ORGANIZATION1 wants to stay away from ordinary people. Censoring books would be a terrible idea that affects everyone. Some books that could easily be considered off the shelves may be racist books, or books that contain radical ideas. Everyone in the world is considered equal, and the book witch suggesting that one race is better than another might offend readers, and @ORGANIZATION1 decided to take it off the shelf. Books that present radical ideas may also belong to books that are being taken down. @ORGANIZATION1 may be concerned that reader @MONTH1 will implement such radical/terrorist ideas and will censor them in turn. But censoring these ideas will deprive the public of the opportunity to learn, there are racists everywhere, and just because you just throw the book away won't suddenly eliminate racists from the world. Another reason a book or magazine @MONTH1 may be taken down could be for misinformation or vulgar content to children. Parents do what they can to keep content away from their kids, the books they start reading either on their own or at school can introduce new content to kids of all ages, their parents @MONTH1 don't want them in their school learning age. Parents @MONTH1 have a point, but kids can't be foolproof, they have to learn and embrace certain ideas as they grow and develop. Parents @MONTH1 can censor what their kids are reading in their own homes, but taking books or movies off the shelf entirely prevents those who enjoy or see the comedy in those articles, movies, music or books from learning to gain knowledge, Even if they read for the sole purpose of laughing. Censorship @MONTH1 was also brought into the library because @ORGANIZATION1 doesn't want the public to learn and develop what they think is the right idea to do something that @ORGANIZATION1 disagrees with. They @MONTH1 think if people start learning and developing perspectives from the books they read they @MONTH1 will start opposing @ORGANIZATION1 and while people will always be against @ORGANIZATION1 not everyone will like what is happening , and with the development of society and economy, knowledgeable people are needed to invent the concept of development. Everyone is considered equal when it comes to race and religion, but everyone is different when it comes to the level of @CAPS1. This could be another reason for censorship, so the public is kept on the same level as their neighbors, so everyone is truly equal. Doing so will stop the world from modernizing again, smart people will be ignored, and inventions that could have been buzzing in their minds could turn into a blank idea, the same as everyone else's. In the book @CAPS2 @NUM1, censorship is the main idea of the book. They censor books to make everyone truly equal and even censor so that people are equal in appearance and quality to everyone else. This is not the way to enter the @CAPS3 society. @ORGANIZATION1 will have full control and knowledge will not blossom in schools. Even a little scrutiny of the library, be it books, magazines, music or movies, can hinder the knowledge and brainpower of the surrounding society. Censoring books is a terrible idea and should never be implemented. @ORGANIZATION1 should never be allowed to dictate public opinion. Whether each individual reads or listens to the material provided is in line with each individual's opinion and interest.
In the "material" world, there are many things that people hate. Either way, there are always people who have to go against anything, be it a book, a song, or a movie. But when they came up with their "rights", they had no idea what they were doing. If they say they've been offended by some media product, not only are they declaring that they have the right to try and ban it, but they're letting people who don't find the offense in the material throw the same. If they can take something they "feel offensive" off the shelf, everyone @CAPS4 has the right to do so. Another thing is that they claim to be offensive to a song, book or movie, but if it bothers them very much, they shouldn't listen/read/watch @CAPS5 what they find offensive. It's that simple, just switch radio stations, or pick up another book, or watch a different movie. Another thing the "offended" person can try is to keep an open mind. This will make everything less dramatic. Those who say they are offended by any of @MONTH1's material usually use "@CAPS1 This is offensive and I don't want my kids to stumble upon it". They said they had the right to take any "objectionable material" off the shelves and keep it out of the public eye. They couldn't be more correct and stupid at the same time! If they have the right to take something off the shelves, then @ORGANIZATION1 (author of the song/book/movie) can claim that he @CAPS4 was offended by the song/book/movie that the first person liked. Then, everyone can start removing everything from the shelves one by one. Everyone @CAPS4 has the same rights, if the first person offended uses them to bring down @ORGANIZATION1, then @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 has the right to do the same. So the government shouldn't take things off the shelves because if they take them off they might take everything else off the shelves like @CAPS1 did. So if someone is unhappy with a song they hear on the radio and they strongly want it removed from the radio and anywhere the music is played, they need help. When they found that song offensive, there was only one simple solution: replace the damn radio with something else! Seriously, if anyone finds this song offensive, why would they sit there and listen to the whole song? Or if they find a book objectionable. If I don't like the content, will I sit down and read the whole book? Well, no. If someone is offended by any material then they need to do something else because it's ridiculous to waste more time trying to ban a song or book just to change the radio or find another book. So if you're going to complain about a song or book out there, please turn your attention to something else, because every song, book or movie out there @CAPS4 has the right to be sold. By the way, they can keep an open mind so the song, book or movie can still be sold. They can try to read through the book and see if the author @CAPS4 wrote it for a reason. If they feel conflicted about a movie, they should just watch it and test it to see if they really need to take it off the shelves. Or, if they're listening to the song, listen to it all the time, maybe even twice. The artist who sings this song has probably been expressing themselves in a very profound way, and if someone pulls their song off the radio or where @CAPS5 is playing, someone might offend them in return. Having an open mind allows the so-called "offended person" to see a whole new perspective on why "offensive material" is being created. Then everything can stay on the shelf! People have opinions, and that's 100 percent okay. But sometimes people think their opinion is the only opinion that matters. If some people are offended by something (or think they are offended), they will try to remove anything from the national store. But if they just sit back and think about it, that's fine. If they have the right to take anything off the shelf, everyone has the right. If that @CAPS2 @CAPS3 song really, really offends them, they should change the station and forget about it. If they had an open mind about why these things still "exist", then all the songs, all the books, and all the movies would still be on the shelves for people to buy. I'm not in favor of removing anything from the store just because one feels like if they don't like it then absolutely @CAPS4 is gone. No, their world doesn't revolve around just one person, and never will, @CAPS5 will.
Controversy in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Someone walked into the public @CAPS1 and they were inundated with books. Even if one person can never read that many books, @CAPS1 must have a wide selection for people who read different things. @CAPS1 Books that offend some people should not be removed. @CAPS1 is a public place that allows people to read what they want. If someone disagrees with what the other person is reading, they don't have to be present. Since @CAPS1 is a public place, people can't throw away a book just because it's offensive. As Katherine Paterson said, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use." If everyone threw out offensive books, there would be no books. This causes many people to stop reading and studying. Public @CAPS1 Open to anyone to read books. With that in mind, @CAPS1 must have books that appeal to everyone. Not many people want to go to @CAPS1 if they only have one type of book. @CAPS1 You have to offend some people to please others. People who go to @CAPS1 go there because it chooses to buy a book there. If people find @CAPS1 offensive books, they don't have to. Books that people find offensive are on the shelves for others who want to read them. If someone finds a book offensive, they don't have to read it. Libraries should have as many books as possible so they can cater to every taste. They shouldn't get rid of books that offend a small group of people. These people don't have to read books they find offensive. A library is a public place where anyone can read what they want.
Personally, I think items that are found offensive should stay on the shelf. People who find them objectionable don't have to read them, they can ignore them and get on with their lives. Students at @MONTH1 need to use this specific information in class. If the library takes information out of the library, students will not be able to find the information they need for their project or dissertation. Students will eventually learn about all these offending magazines, movies, music, and books one day in their lives. If offensive books are taken down, where they will go, they will still be offensive elsewhere. Libraries with offensive books aren't trying to offend anyone in any way, they're put on shelves to educate readers or viewers. If the movies are so objectionable, don't rent them, it will save yourself and the library time. People will be offended by all these readings in one library, and if the library chooses not to take books off the shelves, go to another library. Also, the internet is likely to have all the equally objectionable information. The Internet is a virtual library where you can search for videos, books, magazines, and music. If people think they are getting rid of offensive books, magazines, etc. They are wrong because the internet saves this information when needed. Library censorship is a pointless act because of the information available on the Internet. Libraries should be able to select books and information within the library. Just put those books, music, magazines, movies, etc. in the right section. @MONTH1 Parents don't want their kids to see movies in the wrong area of the library. From this perspective, you can see why parents are uncomfortable with items that don't fit on the shelf. Books should be separated so that children have their own section of the library and adults have their own section. Most of these offensive items are not placed in the library due to the issue of people being offended. Offensive films should probably be declared in the movie store as offensive and possibly inappropriate. Maybe people are overreacting to the situation, not realizing that movies, books, etc. aren't offensive enough to argue about it. I personally have never been to the library and never read a book, magazine, movie, song that was offensive to me or my family. What does an offensive book look like? It is most likely related to someone's religion, race, etc. Items only offend some people. If you or someone you know is very mad about a book, song, magazine, or movie in a particular library, don't go back or tell someone you know. In conclusion, if a book, movie, etc. is objectionable in a nearby library, avoid that library and don't worry about going back. Offensive material can also be learning material
Yes, I do think so, because everyone has their own point of view to say, and it's something people like to see or learn from. Now if it's a childerins bookstore like they have music like christin bible songs or desine movies in the store but no adult stuff, that's different. If they go out, I really don't think it's a big deal because everyone likes to read something different. I think as long as you read what it is, or as long as you learn something. I don't think you can take things out like movies and magazines because people like to read them or study music. So if you ask me, it doesn't matter where or where they go
@CAPS2, I do think books, music, mvies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelf if they are offended. People shouldn't put things there if they're not happy with what they're doing. Although, we might think that putting things in newspapers and movies, doesn't hurt people. Well guess what they're doing @CAPS1, those movies that deal with sex. For example, gender marriage, they say people shouldn't marry the same sex. They make fun of them because they're not like everyone else and they can take this very offensive. Few people like same-sex. It's not the best way for us to put them in a book, a movie or make a song to turn them off. Another is a movie or book about special needs that has to deal with people belittling people with special problems. Although, they didn't show their sadness, that doesn't mean we didn't offend them in some way. Families of children, sisters, brothers, moms or dads with special needs don't like having someone open up about their @MONTH1 problems. Also, they get very frustrated and sometimes get angry about it. On top of that, books or movies make fun of people who don't have a lot. It's not their fault that they don't have the money to buy things like everyone else. For example, a nice house or nice clothes, if only one parent is working, most families will have problems paying rent and other bills. Many parents whose jobs are about to be fired are not even getting paid. Worst of all, a family member (like someone who lives in the house) @MONTH1 has to go to the hospital and when you go to the hospital you have to pay the bills. Some families go in and out of the hospital year after year, and they don't have the money to buy new things for the house or the people who live in it. In short, @CAPS2. I do believe they should take certain books, movies, mafazines, etc. off the shelves because they could be attacked. We don't know how rude it is to have something to make fun of someone in a certain way until it's too late. A lot of people really don't like seeing things out there that offend them. They don't know how to react to it, they're frustrated
Books are to be read, not taken away for what they say. This is stupid to me, kids living in a world of war and fearing what a damn book will change every day? There is nothing to hear the f-word and see blood. You'd rather they see it for the first time in real life and don't know what to do with it. Music is one thing that brings everyone together. So if kids can't hear some of those lyrics, we're pushing them to be pussys. Maybe only some real people are telling the truth that you don't want your kids to hear. Movies are something people love to watch, and we pay @MONEY1 to watch sometimes. Kids are better off because they don't want to see the new horror movies they'll see in real life someday, why not now? Parnets you don't let us see the real world your @CAPS1 US @CAPS2 doesn't help us because when we get into that real life situation we don't know what to do and get screwed.
No one should believe that we can choose to take books off library shelves. America is a free country and we can write whatever we want. Everyone has freedom of speech, you just need to add it to your music, book or movie. When you're looking for a book and you find one that looks offensive, just put it back on the shelf and move on. Everyone has seen a lot of things that offend race and creed. You'll hear offensive jokes, but that's all, it's just a joke and shouldn't be taken seriously. I recently read a book called "@CAPS1's your @CAPS2" and it wasn't what I thought it was, so I just put it down and picked up another book to read on. If everyone could take a book out of the library just because it was objectionable, would we still have any books? Movies have a protection called ratings. Ratings range from "@CAPS3 to @CAPS4". If you watch a movie that leans more towards the @CAPS4 part, then it has more offensive language and scenes of violence. That's why there is always a blocked section in DVD rental shops. This section is for adults @NUM1 years or older only. If in case your kid goes astray and finds something that doesn't work for him and you're really excited, think @CAPS1 makes him wonder about that part. @CAPS1 should be watching him at all times, @CAPS1 is accountable to him? I don't agree with taking reading material or anything for that matter off the shelf. It's like saying that if someone doesn't like the wording of @CAPS5 from @CAPS6, they can take it down and throw it away. We will have nothing to read. So next time you see something offensive, put it back and move on
Libraries have become increasingly scrutinized, leaving the next generation missing out on important lessons about life. How would you feel if you went to the library and as an adult you could only look at children's books, magazines and music? Now I know this is a bit extreme, but seriously, what are we without knowledge? Where would we be without books, magazines or music? No library means no knowledge, no books, no life lessons, no imagination, and most importantly, no excitement. We will regress back to our animal state because there is really only one thing we humans have the ability to be so advanced and intelligent, and that is our brains. There was a saying that made me live my life and it was something like "If knowledge is power, then books must be the means to that power". Based on my own knowledge and views of the world, I will present my arguments on censorship and its impact on libraries. Censorship, what do we all think when we as Americans say censorship? Bad things like profanity, nudity, and fight scenes come to mind. The thing about these is that they are displayed in different ways, like music. An example of music that is not censored is rap. Go ahead and get the explicit version of that rap song, or it might be bad enough sometimes. I personally don't like rap, so this opinion is biased, I prefer rock and metal music. People love music, it takes away our freedom, if you don't like what they say, don't listen to it. Another interesting topic when we talk about censorship is magazines. We've all seen or learned about naughty magazines like Playboy at some point. Now I go all out to make sure these types of magazines don't show up outside of school libraries, but public libraries should have their own adult section because we probably won't have dudes but things like hunting magazines, or hot rods Magazines line the shelves in the adult section. The last thing that gets pretty extreme scrutiny is books. Honestly, we all have a favorite book when we were kids or growing up. An absolute classic is "@CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1", which has now been removed for containing a swear word or two. I mean really people it's a great book but at the first sign of a curse word everyone started yelling to burn it. Now, many future generations will never be able to read this classic because people took it out of the library. I think people should learn to relax and not bother with a swear word or two because that's obviously what ruins a good book. So what is my final conclusion? When does our First Amendment freedom of speech and the right to censorship and excessive censorship meet? Apparently in the library, people can't read @ORGANIZATION1, woodcraft, or listen to music that involves profanity. In my personal opinion, I think adults should have their section uncensored, teens should only be censored for things like nudity, and kids are right on the subject and don't need more scrutiny. So I ask you, whoever rated my article, stop and think with an open mind, how long do you keep your kids or grandchildren hidden from the real world. In the real world, if these things are not exceptional, they wouldn't exist in the first place, then they're considered acceptable. Really, if you decide to come up with a classic like @PERSON1 we lose not only knowledge but story and we lose freedom
Yes, some materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., are objectionable. But they should not be removed from the shelf. Reason one: @CAPS1 Some people find it offensive, others don't. The second reason: "offensive" material brought @CAPS6 into the world. Finally, if parents do not want their children to read offensive material, they should only prohibit their children from reading them, not the rest of the world. In a later article by @CAPS2, I'll fully explain why I'm making this point. '@CAPS1 is one man's trash is another man's treasure. The @CAPS2 quote fits nicely with the first reason: @CAPS1 Some people find it offensive, others don't. People can view everything very differently. For example, a book about @PERSON1 killing @CAPS3 might offend someone of @CAPS4 blood, while a book full of curses might offend religious people. As you can see, different people define "aggression" differently. Offensive material brings @CAPS6 around the world. Parents cannot protect their children from these things forever. At some point in their lives, kids will learn something objectionable, and there's nothing parents can do about it. Children have active minds and can capture everything around them. If they are learning from this objectionable material, parents should teach them that @CAPS1 is wrong and @CAPS1 is right. Finally, if parents do not want their children to read objectionable material, they should only prohibit their children from reading, not the rest of the world. @CAPS2 The reason is perfectly combined with the first reason. Parents can't decide what other children's parents should do @CAPS1. They can only do something about what @CAPS1 their kids are doing. So my belief in library censorship is non-existent for the following reasons. @NUM1.) @CAPS1 Some people find it offensive, others don't. @NUM2.) Offensive material will be out in the world @CAPS6. and @NUM3. ) If parents don't want their children to read objectionable material, they should only ban reading for their own children and not the rest of the world. Therefore, libraries should not have censorship
Should we censor library materials? Some people think that some books, magazines and music in the library are too vulgar and obscene. This can be a major problem if people are allowed to say things that are too obscene to fit in a library. Katherine Paterson makes a good point, saying that if everyone was allowed to take books, magazines and music from their shelves that they thought were inappropriate, we would have nothing. Books have been around for centuries. They are passed on, shared and enjoyed by people all over the world. Books contain important information, stories, and stories about people's past. So I don't think certain books should be banned from libraries. To take away books from the library is to deprive the author of freedom of speech. Also, technology is advancing rapidly, and at some point in the future, I think libraries will become extinct. With all of our new @DATE1 devices, people can get their books online. Magazines are a great tool for promoting and talking about some of the major topics happening around the world. Magazines are great things to read when you want to learn about news, sports, or other miscellaneous topics. Having said that, magazines can also be bad for public libraries due to certain explicit content. That's why some people want to remove magazines from libraries, but I don't think they should be banned. By getting rid of magazines, you are depriving the company of press freedom, which is a major problem. With reference to the previous paragraph, technology is constantly evolving, and it's easy to casually check out news, sports, etc. on @CAPS1. That's why I don't think magazines should be taken out of the library. My final discussion is music. Music has also been around for many centuries and it has done many things. Music is something that everyone can relate to. No matter who you are, you probably have some favorite bands, music artists, or music genres that you love. That said, I also don't think music should be taken out of the library. Taking away music is like taking away the natural culture of human beings. We all love it, but we love different versions. So I don't think it's wise to take music from the library. In short, a library is nothing without all the history, stories, news, and music in it. Censoring a library is not a good idea, and is likely to upset a lot of people. Indeed, as technology evolves, the library @MONTH1 will eventually become extinct. Until then, I hope they don't censor their material.
Most people have been debating whether to stop distributing books, movies, music, magazines, etc. if they disrupt other people's lives and offend them so much that they are angry and disrupt the peace. I also think a lot of people have been complaining about violence in the community because of some disturbing books, music, etc. But I have to say that most people's lives are completely influenced by what they read or hear. I think this kind of companionship should overcome oneself and learn to live one's own life. I personally don't think anyone should be punished for things that are put on library shelves, in stores, like music. I don't think other people who really enjoy reading and listening to this stuff, if they're happy, then just like that, they'll be happy. I don't think people who actually enjoy reading, and people who hear disturbing things, should be punished because others don't like what they hear or read. Why delete something that bothers other people when they aren't hurting anything or anyone. Personally, I don't think it's fair. Because, in my experience, I don't think people should be complaining. The stuff in these stores only makes us stronger.
Most movies, magazines, music and books are considered offensive to at least one person in this world. These materials often fall victim to censorship and face the daily challenge of being banned, especially books. Mothers and fathers do have the right to ban such material, but they do not have the right to ban all children around the world from using it. Whatever the reasoning should be, censorship is wrong. It limits @ORGANIZATION1 for authors and @ORGANIZATION1 for readers, which, as Kathryn Patterson puts it, will result in "no books on the shelf for any of us". Everyone from @CAPS1 to @ORGANIZATION1 has freedom of speech and freedom of the press. This does not exclude writers or artists who occasionally or not only occasionally include explicit content in their work. In every book, there is a message that the author wants to tell his or her readers. How they communicate that message is theirs and they have all @ORGANIZATION1 can do as @MONTH1 wishes. People who don't want to see the author's information have the right not to. But when they fear the information and try to prevent others from seeing or hearing it, they are violating the author's @ORGANIZATION1 by telling them not to include objectionable material. Most writers include this material for a reason. For example, swear words, like those argued in @PERSON2, often reveal character traits and improve settings. During that time, people did call @CAPS2 @CAPS3 by explicit names, even those who were unbiased. This is how they live, and the author just wanted to show the reader that. By censoring the words in the text, people are covering up the history of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 to some extent. Everyone over the age of eighteen has the right to read whatever they want. They are no longer under the direction of their legal guardians, and in no way under the direction of the parents of other children. Parents who do not want their children to see or hear certain material have the right to review the material and keep it away from their children. On the other hand, they have no right to tell their neighbors what their children can and cannot see. Every parent has different rules and guidelines for their children and it is their right. They @MONTH1 believe it is important to expose their children to these specific materials early in life so they can learn from right and wrong from the start. They might not even care. Whatever the reason for @MONTH1, they have the right to expose their children to whatever they see fit. For example, @PERSON3 is a writer who has faced challenges throughout his career. Many of her books contain menstrual topics, which many parents do not consider appropriate for their elementary students. So the parents brought the books to the attention of the school board, which promptly removed the books from library shelves. Many parents, librarians and teachers are upset by this and see no harm in the topic at all. Girls in fourth grade are required to watch videos on puberty topics, and by fifth grade, many girls begin to experience these changes on their own. So what's wrong with them reading fictional books that contain the subject? Many parents see this as not even encouraging their children to read books, but other parents who find it objectionable re-deprive these parents' children of the right to read. So censorship is wrong in the long run. It limits the @ORGANIZATION1 for both the audience and the author, thus hindering the growth experience for both. If everyone banned a book they thought was objectionable, the world would be devoid of any books and become very dull. No one can read, and no one can express themselves freely.
A library is a resourceful place, but there are some things that shouldn't be shown or exposed to the public. Certain topics or other things found in libraries are not suitable for everyone and should not be allowed in public spaces. First, there should be a review of what you can and cannot access or view the library. What if someone looks up or looks at something that shouldn't be seen by others and ends up in the wrong hands. Then that person may end up using the worst possible information. Everything in the library is not suitable for all ages. Next, you can find a lot of objectionable stuff in the library. So things should be reviewed, so a person ends up hurting. A librarian or anyone there @MONTH1 never knows what someone is looking for or planning until it happens @MONTH1 or something starts to go wrong. Therefore, there should be barriers to things that could be harmful to others. Finally, while the folks at @MONTH1 don't think what they're researching or examining is relevant to anyone, they should think that it's open to the public and anyone can easily view or go back to what they're looking at. It is not fair to be offended by someone in a public place. One has to think that the library is open to children and the elderly. In conclusion, what you find in the library should be reviewed. Harmful and inappropriate things are absolutely not allowed. Most importantly, a library is a place where you shouldn't be offended by what other people look up, check out, or even say.
I'd say they shouldn't take down the offensive books, and I'd say why I think so. I don't think they should take those books because it's written that if the person who finds that book objectionable, then don't read it. Another reason they shouldn't remove it is because the author wrote it, but I'm sure he doesn't think one would find it offensive. My third reason is that they shouldn't have taken it off the shelves because the book could have been really good and funny, except for one person who thought it was objectionable. I'm just telling you guys why I don't think they should say that just because one person took the book off the shelves.
All materials in the library must be checked out from the library before anyone can take them out of the library. Librarians should ensure that anything in the library must be checked out before students take materials out of the library. Topics that will be discussed are: why do you have to check out items from the library, what happens if you don't check out items, and what happens if you lose items you checked out from the library. The library has material for everyone to see if they want to see anything from the library. So, librarians will be able to tell students if they want a book, music, movie, magazine, etc., and librarians can tell students if the materials are in the library or on loan from the library. Students will then be able to inspect the material, or can have the librarian hold the material when it is returned to the student. Then the whole school can run smoothly and librarians can keep track of the materials in the library. If you don't check the materials in the library, no one can see where the materials are. Among them, librarians can find materials for you if you are borrowing materials from the library. So if you don't check, librarians won't be able to track down any material in the library. So, librarians can't tell students where the materials are, and then the materials are out of the library and no one can look them up. The librarian then has to wait until the person who took the material out of the library brings the material back to the library so that it can be checked out by the person who wants it when it leaves the library. If something you borrowed from the library is lost, you will have to pay for it. When you lose something from the library, it means no one can check it until it's returned, or you have to pay the librarian new money. Then the next person who wants it will have to wait longer for lmaterials because you lose the library copy of the material you checked out. The librarian must then ensure that the next person who wants the material will have it when it returns to the library. Then the person who lost the material should no longer be able to check anything from the library, they can only sit in the library and re-read the material they want to read or have to read for the project to get a grade for one of their classes. Also, if you don't check material from the library and you lose it, the librarian won't be able to find it for anyone who wants it, so check it out. These are just some of the many reasons why you must look up materials from a library. There are many more reasons why you must borrow material from the library. So librarians will be able to keep up with all the materials in the library and anyone can view any material they want or need to come to class without having to stay in the library when you want it
If there's a book on the shelf that I find offensive, I'd like to remove it, but I don't want to. Everyone has their own point of view, their own view of things. Mine is different from everyone else's. I mean I @MONTH1 find it offensive, but if you take it off the shelf, what do other people think about it? Everyone has the right to express their opinion. What we do, believe or think is what makes us who we are. Just because one person finds a book, music, or certain movie objectionable, doesn't mean everyone else will. Even if you don't like it, someone else might happen to like it. Taking it away just because you think it's offensive is like taking a small part of someone. Just like school puts kids in uniforms, it robs us of our individuality. We all have to have some way of expressing ourselves, and maybe what you find offensive, expresses others in some way. There's always going to be a lot of things in life that people don't like, but can you really get rid of it all? It doesn't work that way. You won't always live your way, but that's life and there's nothing you can do about it. Just because you don't like something or find it objectionable doesn't mean you can remove or replace it. Life always goes according to plan, and things will happen that you don't like, but you can't change them. It's life, and replacing or removing things doesn't make things any easier. So if I find something objectionable, I ignore it and leave it there because taking it off the shelf really helps?
Yes, I believe that if certain materials are objectionable, they should be removed from library shelves! Because people don't want or like to go to any public library that's open to anyone, let them in @CAPS1 some book or something that offends that person. It's like a kid grabs a bad book that doesn't fit, and his mom finds out he's reading it, so she walks away upset. t @CAPS1 may offend any particular person. They are certain books, magazines, etc. that do not need to be in the library. Because the public doesn't need something like @CAPS1 in public libraries. By the way, if a certain book is offensive to someone who is not normal in a public library, someone who might think a certain book is offensive can report that certain book, etc. So be careful what you bring or put in a public library, it has to be suitable for all the public walking into any nice library. Offending people is not a good thing because you want to be able to walk and relax in a nice public library and not be intimidated by any unreasonable books or magazines etc. Music is a big, distasteful issue because there is so much inappropriate, bad language music that they have to look at what they put in the library, especially for kids and seniors. Books are material that should be interesting or interesting for people, not for people to look at or find offensive books or magazines on his shelf because that's not what a library is for, it's to go there to relax and find books etc. Owned and used well, or checked out for use elsewhere
Books, music, movies and magazines have been pulled from shelves. We will always block or censor these items more. The reason IoT is a good idea is because they are parents of kids and religious people and if you want something uncensored then you can buy or rent an unrated version. Children are our future, why do you want to destroy such a naive heart? If your child watches @CAPS1 one second and is happy and the next watches people being killed and @CAPS2 bombs being dropped, that will stay in his or her mind forever. I don't think you'll be happy if your kids learn valgure languages from @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. Imagine your @NUM1 year old talking to you and saying an inappropriate word, don't know where it came from, you just ignore it, then the vocabulary turns into words and sentences, and worse, take the skinny kid Turns into a potty, maybe even violent. We don't want our future president and authorities to be so violent that they put the woukd at risk just because they left @CAPS3 right? Parents have the right to watch what they want, but also have the right to stop what they don't want them and their @CAPS11 to watch or even hear. More and more families these days enjoy driving and vacationing together watching @CAPS3 and listening to go to @CAPS4 because the minute they walk, they're all happily singing as a song with a bunch of out of place words comes up , it's not only disrespectful but embarrassing, listen to your child sing along. Parents didn't want to hear it so they turned it off and all was well until they heard them singing again to their music devices @CAPS2, @CAPS8, @CAPS9, there were bombs all over the car and they couldn't escape that It's when parents should have a voice that their children are not only watching, but listening and reading. Books about @CAPS14, @CAPS13 and @CAPS15 are not what @NUM2 year olds should read, nor do we need them to be a bunch of mason parents. One minute you thought you were reading a book about love and romance, and then you read that the character was smoking weed. Guys with strong religious beliefs don't want to watch @CAPS3 late at night then watch @CAPS12 on @CAPS11 is doing @CAPS13 and sleeping with all these girls yes @MONTH1 is fun for those who are not believers but have a religion for those It's just disrespectful. Then listen to the music and hear the non-religious people who make fire on the cross and use the valgure language and the name of the lord in the vein. Not what they wanted to hear. When reading a book, religious people have strong opinions on what to read, so they usually stick to @ORGANIZATION1, but when their kids go to school they find a fake @ORGANIZATION1 with nothing but lies and dirty pictures in it ? @CAPS3 shows, music, books and magazines should always be reviewed, it not only provides a great example for everyone but helps us stay strong as a community. No violence or cursing after everything you say won't hurt anyone. Why do you want a future president to be a violent killing machine? We grew up in how we proved that the way @CAPS13, @CAPS14 and @CAPS15 are read or heard is not
I believe they should keep them on the shelf. I think people take something like this seriously, and if they don't like it, I think they should just leave it alone. Some people may find it funny to offend others. There's a lot of stuff in there that might be a little offensive to some people, but if they don't like it, all they have to do is put it up and continue living there like no big deal. In the past, some movies would make fun of people for how they behaved or what they did in the past. I can understand things like this because it could be a personal reason. There have also been times when you have seen people create something out of nothing. Sometimes people say something, and the person reading it can do it in a completely different way. There are still a lot of people taking the language off the shelves because someone complained, or maybe made fun of another race. I think the worst thing today is the magazines because they're always judging who people are with, what they do @TIME1, and even who's in the best health and who's in the worst. I think people should stop worrying so much about other people and just worry about themselves, we won't have so many problems.
Different books are not for different people. Yes, it is sometimes important when certain materials should not be displayed publicly. However, we need to know what is happening around the world. As we speak, there may be a battle going on somewhere, or something very important is about to happen in other countries. We will always need this information. I once read an old saying in a book, "You can't judge a man unless you claim under his skin and walk around in his skin". It took me a while to understand what they meant. Then, I got a good understanding of what they really mean. You can't judge a person by their appearance, you have to judge a person's inner character. When you look at a book, a movie, a magazine, etc., you have to see it with your own eyes to judge it. Compony people create these things for someone who likes the things they like. TV shows, newspapers, books, etc. Everything that makes them happy. We must enjoy what we have in this life. People always say the end of the world is coming. But it won't, because we will continue to live in the afterlife.
Oops @CAPS1 Do you really want your kids to see crappy images or read crappy prompts? I did not expect! You can help them by teaching them what is right or wrong, good or bad. You need to help them have a clear sense of what to do when they encounter these OCDs in their lives. You can do what my aunt @PERSON1 does. Whenever she checks out at her local @CAPS2 @CAPS3 or other store, she flips through magazines she deems inappropriate. My mom and dad said it was a silent protest because she didn't hurt anyone, she just didn't like it. It upsets me when my dad joins us to watch Tyra's hallucination, it's something they've never seen on @CAPS4, it's like the half-naked girl in the corner, so he'll turn the channel on or off it. Because he doesn't want us to expose the bad things in this world. So does my mom, but she won't let us watch @NUM1 movies if I want to see those movies that I'm usually at a friend's house. My mom might be a little upset. I think books are ok because you don't see a lot of picture books, you have to read them and imagine the image in their mind. Anyhow, I hope you feel the same way next time you pass that checkout station and say to yourself do I want my little eyes to see this. Then you should turn that maggizne off @CAPS4 and music and you should also read the book so you know what it's about
Who @MONTH1 is focusing on: One thing that seems to have been debated and debated over time in our expanding world is censorship. Censorship allows what is deemed "offensive" in our world to be compromised. But now people. It's definitely more offensive these days because it seems the media is under more scrutiny than ever. As a human being, I'm tired of "the veil over the eyes". Most censorship in this country is carried out through programs established by our government, and censorship should not be determined by an organization, but by the people who view it. In other words, why should other people decide what makes us most comfortable to look at? No one knows you better than yourself, so why don't you make a decision? If censorship doesn't exist in our daily lives, why does it exist in our media? A lot of people see something they will regret, the key is how you look at it. No matter who it is, people see things they don't want to see, and that's life. Censorship robs us of our freedom of speech as @CAPS1 citizens. If you don't like what you see, look away
Should offensive material such as books, music, movies or magazines be removed from shelves? I don't think so because it probably doesn't offend everyone, it breaks the law, and it's unfair to the artists who created them. Just because it offends one person doesn't mean it offends everyone. For example, some people might find @CAPS1 offensive, while to others it's religion. It just shows that one person is trash and the other is trash. It would also be against the law as it would not give the artist freedom of speech. It will silence all the great artists trying to conform. They should be able to write, sing, or film as they please. It is their right to do so. That's why they are not removed from the shelves. It's not fair to the artist who created them, it's against the law, what one thinks is not what everyone thinks
Censorship is a method of restricting certain content deemed inappropriate. This method is widely used in the world today. Censorship is most commonly used in our movies, video games and television. If other forms of entertainment such as television and the Internet should not use these methods, our libraries should not use them. Also, if these methods are not enforced, should some headers be restricted where our kids can get. This limiting factor, called censorship, is very useful in our daily lives. Censorship allows us to track the perceptions of our children and teens. The agent can currently be installed on our TVs, computers and mobile phones. Therefore, if precautions are being taken for the following products, it would not be appropriate to include these in our library as well. Our library should not be a place for kids to hang out on the shelves, pick up and read books at will, without thinking about picking an inappropriate book for their age group. Personally, the library should look like this to me. Discuss previously mentioned topics. Blocks should be mandatory for libraries. This block will not completely do away with books, but will limit their audience. The books should be categorized by age group. And blocking certain children based on age will prevent access to the section, and will prevent certain materials from reaching children who are not mature enough. Young children should not view certain materials. This is not only an opinion-based statement, but a fact-based statement. The practical experience comes into play when young children read and watch pictures designed for mature audiences. These subheadings heavily influence children's thinking and behavior. Just the other day, a cousin of mine under @NUM1 was observing two opposite sexes and started asking questions like: When are they kissing? Or why didn't he touch her? These questions do not arise naturally, but only through her viewing of material that she is not yet ready to view. The origins of these questions may never be known, but there are ways to keep these topics from being raised by censoring what children read, view or listen to in our libraries
You @CAPS1 @CAPS2 do a lot in this world today and say it and people are mad about it. This could be something someone said about their religion, or took someone else's @CAPS1. Do you think books, music, movies, magazines and articles should be pulled from stores because people find them objectionable? I don't @CAPS3 believe it should work this way. @CAPS2 is all the different religions, races and beliefs in this world, so if we took it off the shelves every time we found it offensive, we would have nothing to sell. When it comes to young children, they won't know what to think and believe. When seeing and hearing things, children begin to believe it. Media that adults find objectionable should not be released publicly for children to view and listen to. Even if the @MONTH1 kids don't offend any media, you still need to think about parents and what they think is right for their kids. A lot of life influences are shown to everyone in the media every day, some parents @MONTH1 feel that it is not suitable for their children to listen to. Drugs, alcohol and profanity have a major impact on today's children and their lives. I believe it is our duty to protect them from all harm until they are old enough to fight for themselves and make their own judgments. Our religion is an important part of your life because it determines what we believe and what we think is right or wrong. Your parents taught you how they wanted you to behave and taught you to tell the difference between what they think is right and what is wrong. I was taught to always respect others and do my best in everything @MONTH1 does. Some people @MONTH1 have an actor as their role model, so whenever they see that person on @CAPS3.V., you tend to think that whatever they do can make you do it. Some parents @MONTH1 are mad at the show on TV because they don't @CAPS3 think it's right for their kids. And others don't think it's a problem @CAPS3. So if we cancel that show on @CAPS3.V., you'll make one family happy and many others unhappy. When it comes to movies, people have their own different evaluations of movies, but the country evaluates it as soon as it is released. Now in the cinema you have to be eighteen to watch a @CAPS5 rated movie or you have to have a parent with you because you go by yourself and your parents don't know how annoying a lot of people are. With libraries and movie theaters, they only have what the state deems fit for adults in their own small part. My parents think that if @CAPS2 is the law of something, then @CAPS2 is there for a reason and we will follow them. Like some parents, they have their own rules. Some parents, for example, believe their children can drink underage as long as they stay home and know what's going on. A few years ago, my little cousin and I watched a movie that was rated @CAPS6. I didn't think '@CAPS3, just opened their movie and we watched. There are a few lines in it that his parents didn't approve of him watching it, and he really liked the movie. His favorite movie lines are words his parents didn't want him to hear at his age. He didn't know more about @CAPS3 because he thought it was awesome so he walked up to people and said it. His mother was upset and asked where he heard it, he told her about the movie, she didn't think he needed to say that, he was in trouble. I told her it was my fault that I let him watch the movie and didn't '@CAPS3 think about it because my parents let me watch it when he was his age. It just goes to show that @CAPS2 is a lot of different things in the world today and not everyone will agree. So if we took something off the shelf because someone offended, we would have nothing in this world today. We understand what we do in life because the state has requirements that must be passed. What we learn outside of school depends on your parents and what they believe. So if @CAPS2 is different from @CAPS2, you don't believe @CAPS3 stay away from it and let those who believe in it enjoy learning
How many of you absolutely love reading? Well, I'll be the first to admit that I don't like reading. At the same time, I despise any negative book, whether I like it or a different type of reading. Reviewing books is very important in today's lifestyle. One can make inferences by looking at the cover of a book. The cover usually creates a vivid image and usually promotes an overarching idea. Let's take a look at some of the reasons why I feel graphic or objectionable books should be removed from the shelves. What about kids who like to read? While children's imaginations are crazy, authors shouldn't fill their heads with too many crazy ideas. First, kids these days either take a book off the shelf and quickly show interest, or automatically think it's not for them. Also, when a child comes across a very offensive book, it can hurt feelings there. Books should provide educational information or entertainment. They shouldn't be dirty, and they shouldn't be down on some people. More importantly, how many different races are there in @LOCATION1 or even in the world? Many different races are interested in new books to learn new methods. They get discouraged when they come across books that do not teach all races or acknowledge bad examples of their own kind. Whether it's a movie, a magazine, a book, or even a song, it shouldn't offend anyone. When authors, publishers, songwriters or filmmakers release these items, they don't take their surroundings into account. Their main concept is entertainment, but entertainment can be shy at times. Most importantly, if it contains sexual gestures, it should be removed without hesitation. This is offensive to parents visiting the library with young children. A public library that is open to everyone should have some overly vivid sections of books, movies, CDs, or magazines. There are various books around, one of which @MONTH1 came across was an extremely offensive one. I believe they should have an opinion on whether the book is on the shelves. I haven't experienced it yet, but trust me, it could happen anytime in our world today. If I were a parent, I would not encourage the display of sexual magazines or books in public libraries. Finally, in this debate, older or dirtier-minded people will refute the topic. Who said adult areas should allow children in? Why do discouraged people read books that set a bad example? These are some of the questions you'll be asking here for those who refute what I've written today. Adults should be allowed to have their own personal section for adult-like books, movies or magazines. Underage children should insist on finding books in their area or areas of interest. In conclusion, those who rebut may be the winners, but I still think offensive books should be removed from the shelves. Book lovers all over the world want to be entertained, but in a good way. Young children of our time need to be affected in the right way now. Furthermore, there is no better way to help improve society than by removing objectionable and uninfluenced books from the library. Let's deduce that younger children would be more educated if we worked hard to remove these objectionable books.
READ OUR BOOKS Our books and movies can be very scary and useless, can cause a lot of violence and distractions, scary books and movies for young kids will give them @ORGANIZATION1 Mares. Books like @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 are great books for teens, @ORGANIZATION1 teaches them about the past and what it was like to be a parent, you need to get kids watching the right shows and movies, and they need to watch movies that matter. Hitler treated people so badly, he killed so many people, I think it's kids watching movies about him and reading books. Also I think @CAPS1 is a good book and a good lesson because girls and Guys, there should be no forceing on someone else something is wrong, it's simply not right. Young children never have to go through the experience of her calling for help but no one can be here. She was physically and mentally abused and no one would listen to her that it was wrong. She never speaks, but you can tell by the way she is and how quiet she is in pain. Movies like this should teach kids not to abuse others. Parents will stare at your child to see what they read, you should always pay attention to what your child is doing and give them a book that will teach them something
What happened to everyone entitled to intellectual freedom? I don't think certain material should be removed just because someone finds it "offensive" or "inappropriate". Our youth are entitled to these materials. Children deserve this right because it allows more access to knowledge, provides more authentic details of life, and keeps them from being shut out of the world around them. We cannot take this away from our children. First, children and students in all schools should be exposed to more knowledge. They don't have access to this type of learning if certain materials are censored and taken away. If students want to learn more about how government and politics work by reading an article. But then, the article was pulled due to a small comment. We cannot take away the desire to know more about the world. Second, it can give a more realistic image of a person, place, thing or event. Explicit content allows children to learn more about real life situations. If this is removed, they may have a different understanding of how things really are and have different expectations of things. This can have an emotional or psychological effect on them once they see the real world. They should have a more detailed understanding of what life is like so as not to get confused after they get to that point. Finally, if they are kept secret due to censorship, they may be turned away. Staying away from that knowledge can be an emotional stress. A friend of mine's parents kept her away from many things in the world around her, preventing her from knowing what she should know. Things got harder for her as she got older. And now, she's afraid of many things in the real world. It's all because her parents use censorship to keep her from knowing what's important. Our students should always have access to knowledge and details about life and not not know enough to understand things in our modern world. We cannot allow censorship to make such unreasonable decisions about what we can and cannot access. Why isn't it censored if it has such a negative impact on society and our youth
Hi, I'm Kristen and I'm here to tell you why we should take some magazines out of our public library. Now I don't know if you've heard of @CAPS1 magazine or @CAPS2 magazine. But I have and I'm used to reading them. Among some thouse issues are sexual skills. Now, if I were a mother and my kids came up to me and begged me to let them get that out of the way, I would look at them and say no. They don't need to know about sex until they're teens there or at least thirteen or fourteen. A child can't even be near that area, they should only be near the children's area. Some parents think like me and agree with the fact that kids shouldn't learn sex. But others like why they didn't @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and when they got married. The library needs a few other things. Some music may not be the best choice for young children. For example, singing music. It has a lot of swearing and talking about sex. Some of the words in the rap song are so short that they make me peel like a hurricane. It's like saying hey chick let's do it for it. That's not what I want my kids to hear. I want my kids to hear things that say hey let's go camping or duck duck gusse. Some movies can be watched with your kids as long as it doesn't exceed @NUM1. But if it is, they can't see it. Let me give another example. My little niece is about ten years old. She is watching @CAPS5 @CAPS6 but only in the same room as her parents. She couldn't see it herself, or she would be grounded. Here's Why Something Should Be Taken From Our Public Libraries
I believe some of the materials on our shelves belong to basically anyone in the world. I also think the material on that shelf can be removed as long as the material is put back in that place anyway. My experience with books is not that great, but I do enjoy reading when I have free time. When I get a book, I look at the book and observe it so that when I take it out of the library, I know I want to read that book and observe how great it is. When I read this book, I'm not reading very fast, but when I do, I wonder how the book ends and how it begins. If I were to pick a magazine from the library, I wouldn't take it out of the library because magazines are sometimes expensive and difficult to replace if needed. But if I'm going to get one, I'll look at what it is and how to get it and the big bits of all that stuff. They're when I think movies shouldn't go into libraries because people can take ideas from movies and/or steal them. It can be expensive to take movies in the library from the library. If I'm going to watch a movie, I'm going to enjoy it as much as I can, because once it's turned in that day, they don't have a chance to watch it after I turn it in. Music is a passion for most people. Most people will go out and buy some CDs or something to listen to, they're music I'll listen to so I know what to play if I want to be a musician or something like that. Sometimes I write down the lyrics of a song so I can understand what the singer is singing, or listen to the song over and over. My point is that if something falls off the shelf it should go back to where it should be otherwise they will have consequences and people will no longer be trusted
Do you think censorship is a good thing? Do you think libraries should take more responsibility for what they provide people? Many people think they should. But I disagree, don't read this book if they don't want to understand that topic. Public libraries are a great help to the community. They are really helpful for kids who don't have specific materials at home. Libraries do consider information viewed by children. This is why there are restricted areas for children of certain ages. Also, it's not always about what the library shows, it's about parents who let their kids read things they shouldn't. If some information is offensive to some, it may not be to others. People will always have different opinions. These materials cannot be removed, and they may be important in some aspects of our lives. All information is helpful in some way. The vast amount of knowledge that our libraries hold should not be taken away just because someone wants it
The library is filled with hundreds of materials that many @CAPS4 likes and dislikes. Books about @PERSON1 and @CAPS1, @CAPS2. Those books are @CAPS3 offended they are there to educate you on the subject. Censorship should only apply to young adulthood, you are open to everything. You make your own designs and make a living from them. If you find a book, song, or movie offensive, stop reading, listening, or watching. @CAPS3 Everyone will be offended. I believe no citizen has the right to delete anything from the library, because @NUM1-@CAPS3 everyone @NUM2-@CAPS4 has a different outlook for @CAPS2 and @NUM3-@CAPS5 and @CAPS6. I concluded that censorship is mandatory, but largely shouldn't, @CAPS7 we do what we do, learn what we learn. Being forced to learn what we learn in school, I believe @CAPS5 is entitled to outside knowledge, but the only way is if we get it from databases of computers, books, music, art, etc.
Libraries are places of learning. Books, magazines, movies and all types of media are placed there for a specific purpose: to learn and to explore. When we visit a library, we expect to find the information we came there looking for. Whether the subject wants to learn about a flower or study something as simple as the infamous "in @CAPS1 @CAPS2", we want truth and information in its rawest form. Libraries should never be denied access to materials. It always has some value. Whether for cultural, spiritual, recreational or any purpose, books can serve as the purpose of obtaining information and exploring new worlds. Books considered "censored" are viewed only from one perspective. Another person may find that this book is exactly what they are looking for. If someone thinks a book is "offensive", they have to put their heads around and see where they came from; this type of information @MONTH1 is helpful to others. Sensitive issues like @CAPS3 or books related to religion @MONTH1 are considered censored, but only for a group of people. What about other percentages? Now, don't get me wrong. I don't think pornographic or graphic films or magazines should be allowed in libraries, but any type of material containing legitimate cultural, educational, entertainment and other purposes should be rejected by libraries. Working at the local library, I know that when people sign up as members of the library, they sign an agreement that they know what kind of material they can access. etc. to agree that they allow their kids to check out. Parents and guardians should read the fine print if they think the library is pushing censorship content onto their children! They allow their children to be exposed to this situation. And all "this" is original information and entertainment. Libraries were created to make information publicly accessible to anyone. These materials should include information on any subject available to the library. None should be rejected. People rely on libraries as a source of knowledge, and we need to work hard to keep that source growing
The problem in this case is that some people feel that there are things that shouldn't be in the library. I don't think some things on library shelves should be removed. I think it's because everyone has a different "aggression" towards their family. A family might agree that their children watch a certain movie, listen to a different type of music, and read a different type of book. If you take them off, people won't be able to express things the way they want. Also the library will lose service because people will realize that certain libraries have restrictions on what they have on their shelves, so if they're disappointed with something, they don't want to go there they're looking for
What if one day you took a trip to the library and found an objectionable book? Will you ask to take it off the shelf or just ignore it? Every year, tons of @CAPS1 visit the library looking for a good book, throwing observations and personal appeal. Everyone has different choices about the type of books they want to read, which includes offensive and non-aggressive material. As a teenager, I had some experience visiting libraries where things were more offensive to me than others, but like many people, I chose to ignore it. The reason for ignoring it is simple, everyone has a different view of what they have collected since birth, as we will experience life as individuals. Because, everyone has different life experiences and different views on what offends them. My personal experience at the library comes from race seeing books @MONTH1 related to the era of slavery offended me. But a book about the Black Panther organization might offend others. So, does that mean it should be taken off the shelves because it's offensive to both? Books have a different tone, whether it's about life, politics, or mundane issues, and can make different people feel differently. I have observed many times that someone gets excited by reading a book. Others read the same thing and feel bad. Take a magazine as an example, a reader might look like the beauty in that magazine and feel good about herself. Although maybe an overweight reader might read the same magazine and feel it's not as beautiful or self-worthy as the women in the magazine. Overweight women may feel offended, other women feel amazing, and for this simple reason, it shouldn't be taken off the shelf for having a different view of what's offensive and what's not. Everyone reads books because of what they like and relate to. If a book, magazine, or movie comes across as offensive, that reader may not pick it up to learn more. When I come across material in the library that offends me, I don't read it. Although I picked up some non-offensive books, after reading the material I found it to be offensive. In response, I just returned the book and chose another. If I walk into a library and see a book that offends me, I don't ask to take it off the shelf, I just ignore it. Everyone has a different opinion on their offense, so there's nothing you can do but ignore it. If the case is, if a book is going to offend someone and it is taken out of the library because there is no real need for the library
In "@CAPS1 @NUM1" books are illegal. In such a society, possession of a book is punished. Without books, @CAPS2 people turn to electronics for entertainment. Society as a whole has lost @CAPS2 human emotion and has become submissive to the government. @CAPS4 causes the government to impose injustice on its people because it has nothing against it. Katherine Paterson suggests that if books start to be thrown away, then "none of us will leave any books on our shelves". @CAPS2 People think certain media should be removed from the library because they find it offensive. However, important @CAPS2 works will be discarded if all media requested to be removed is removed. A recent debate about @PERSON1's "@CAPS3 for @ORGANIZATION1". The @CAPS4 book was set in @LOCATION3 during slavery. @ORGANIZATION1 @PERSON4 befriends black @PERSON6 and shares @CAPS2 experience with him on @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 decided to write his book using the real words of the people who lived in @LOCATION3 during @CAPS4. He was the first author to do @CAPS4. Because he wrote it in the style of @CAPS4, the book contains n-words many times. The term @CAPS4 is unacceptable today, so @CAPS2 people will offend his work. However, the @CAPS4 book plays a big role in the @CAPS5 cannon. @PERSON1's work is written in a new groundbreaking approach. If someone were to remove @CAPS4 work from library shelves, he would remove one of the most important pieces of @CAPS5 literature. "@ORGANIZATION2" by @PERSON3 is a book that explores the life of an inmate in prison. While working at @LOCATION2, he found out he was gay. He fell in love with a man named @PERSON5 and started having sex with the man in his cell, @CAPS2. These relationships are described in detail. If one reads the surface of the book, he will find a rough description of an inmate's experience in prison. However, @CAPS4 this is not the case. @PERSON3 has struggled with the concept of bisexuality all his life. His parents and brother also had problems. In "@PERSON2," he writes about his feelings through his character. @CAPS4's story is not about sex, it's about what it feels like to be trapped and one's relationships with others. If @CAPS4 books are removed from the library, the folks at @CAPS2 will miss out on stories they might be able to relate to. Kathryn Patterson raises an interesting question. What if everyone could delete books they don't like? The answer will be a society that cannot share ideas, concerns and experiences. The media helps inspire, persuade and educate people about important issues. While some of @MONTH1's writings have offensive language, they also have a deeper meaning.
For newspaper editors, should books, music, movies, magazines and other reading materials be removed if they are deemed objectionable? I don't think this is a good idea. The reason is as @PERSON1 one of the authors said (in the last sentence), if we take books off the shelf, then "there will be no more books for any of us to read". This is true because I'm sure @MONTH1 has a lot of books that will offend people, but probably offend readers who don't understand the material they're reading. Like the topic of liking the same sex becomes an issue and readers who may be offended by these types of topics just don't understand it or @MONTH1 doesn't. Another reason could be because we are in the US and last time I checked we had free will to write and talk about what we wanted to talk about or write about. So to speak, because well, we do have @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people who just have the "right" to say what they want to say or what they think. Just because the subject matter of the reading material offends them, doesn't mean you can take away the author's material. Doing this is like putting duck tape on a writer's mouth. If the reader has the right to say what you think, then feel free to write what you want to write. If you can see where I'm going then don't talk to someone in a higher position as a teacher or reader, about things you don't understand, they'll tell you 'you can't ask me that' or 'do don't say anything to me' if Same goes for you taking the book away from the author. Other reasons for refusing to remove readings may be because we are always willing to learn something new through @CAPS3. When a person reads, they always learn something new .It could be a new event, an unknown place, grammar, a different writing style, or learning more about the topic. @CAPS3 in books, music, movies and magazines is a great way to learn new things, it Interesting, what's more interesting than @CAPS3? Can't think of anything? This is because @CAPS3 plays a big role in our lives. Another reason not to delete readings is that @MONTH1 lets other readers It feels like they are not alone. Like a true story about a breakup, family or relationship. Or it could be a story based on something that happened to the author like the death of a loved @CAPS5 and what to do with it. Imagine Two @CAPS4 girls, @CAPS5 is mad at herself and the world and hates tapes about angles. And another @CAPS4 girl just lost her grandmother and listening to tapes about angles makes her feel together or whole because She knows the @CAPS5 she loves is in a good place. Thinking about it now, the second girl will start to be sad or lonely or forgotten like the first. When you take something like a little tape off a library shelf you're taking a feeling not only from the author, but also from the reader. Finally, the last reason why you don't remove material from the shelf is that if you remove material from the shelf, the subject may It's still there. It could be on the radio, on the internet, on @ORGANIZATION1, what can you do to remove all of that? It's not reality. If this even could happen, then people can still talk. There's nothing stopping people from talking." You can put a bird in a cage and it still wants to fly away" or "you can tell a cat or a dog not to run away, but when you turn around it's gone" here are the explanations I want to say, you can try Remove books, music, magazines, but topics you don't like are still there. I know reading some of @MONTH1's material will offend you, but it's best to turn your head and move on. @MONTH1 readers don't like this topic, but others will. , it's always good thinking. Maybe the problem is that the reader doesn't understand the topic, then maybe you should read it to learn from it and give it a chance, so you @MONTH1 end up liking it or understanding it better. Books, music , movies, magazines, they're there for a reason, it can teach you something new, so why not learn it.
Offensive articles and/or movies and magazines etc. should not be removed from the shelves. If an individual chooses to read and/or watch their personally chosen material @CAPS1, I think that material should be age-restricted. If individuals find the material objectionable, they should turn away from reading or watching the show. If these items are in a public library, they should be kept in a separate area for those who wish to view them. They shouldn't be open to small children or people who don't want to see them. Historical materials, such as diaries and event accounts, should be deposited in federal libraries. Putting these documents in a public library may interest young children in reading things that are not for them. Certain programs, such as magazines, newspapers and books, some of which are held on a public level. Government-affiliated documents should be kept in federal libraries, such as some historical and important documents. Important documents such as the constitution should be kept in a high security area. In conclusion, people wishing to view some material should be able to do so, as I said earlier. They should not be open for small children. It should be held in a separate area and if people don't want to view the material, they won't go to that area at all. Setting an age limit on this material is key so little kids don't see it and get the wrong message. Possession of certain acts in public, possession of certain documents in federal libraries is a factor. Certain historical documents and other items related to the government should be kept at the federal level, as well as important documents related to the state. These files should be high profile safe areas
There are many different types of people living in the community. Certain groups find some things offensive, while others find them completely normal. Some of these things can cause conflict. For example, the library is where you @MONTH1 found some of these conflicts. Most libraries are open to the public. As a result, many different groups of people will share materials in the library, such as books, movies, magazines, and music. There are many different types of people sharing these materials, and libraries must strive to provide material that is pleasing to everyone. This is where the conflict begins. While trying to please everyone, some at @MONTH1 found some material offensive. Now the big question: Should some materials deemed objectionable be removed from the shelves altogether? The answer to this big question is no. A library must have many different kinds of materials to please everyone in the community. People are different and believe different things. Just because one person finds a certain type of material offensive doesn't mean it's offensive to everyone. Things like religion. Someone @MONTH1 finds a book about a religion and finds it very offensive, but someone else @MONTH1 believes in that religion. Just because a person offends it doesn't mean those shouldn't take it away from them. Libraries are suitable for all kinds of people. Just because one person finds material objectionable, doesn't mean it should be taken away from others. If the library takes any material from the shelves that anyone deems objectionable, nothing is left behind. People believe in different things. That's how it's always been, and probably always will be
I think the censorship of library @CAPS1 is pretty disgusting. I don't think there should be censorship, @CAPS1 it's up to parents to decide what children can and cannot watch. I think if @CAPS1 finds something offensive, don't look at it, it's that simple. If you don't want your child to see anything offensive or rude, then don't let them see it. I think it's offensive, @CAPS1 when @CAPS1 went down. I think kids, though not little ones, maybe @NUM1 and above, should be able to watch and listen to what they want. I think certain things that people find offensive are only offensive to these types of people. @MONTH1 no offense to anyone, so don't take that movie or song out of the library. This book is a great example, to @CAPS2 A @CAPS4. It has been banned and then unbanned by many school libraries due to its vulgar words and references to rape. I don't think @CAPS1 is fair because kids at @NUM1 and above are going to hear rude and offensive stuff anyway, whether we like it or not. I think books, movies or music with curse words, @CAPS1 is part of life because most adults curse. Get this stuff out of the library @CAPS1 Get it out of the adults and kids. @CAPS1 Let parents decide when their children hear these things, if at any time. I also believe in using "offensive" remarks, @CAPS1 is just another part of our history. Take @CAPS2 A @CAPS4 for example, back then it was common for black people to speak slang and it was common for men to curse when they were angry. @CAPS1 is what people are and what they were. Taking these things off the shelf doesn't protect teens from hearing them. I think they have a right to hear it if they want to, and parents have enough rights for them to hear it. I don't think those songs with lyrics playing on the radio @CAPS1 are pointless because you teens know what they're talking about anyway. I don't think it's wise to ban books @CAPS1 because it just makes kids want to hear the word more than usual. Basically, we have the right to hear and read these. Taking away what we are entitled to, @CAPS1 takes away our freedom and free will. If parents don't want their children to read or hear this stuff, then they need to monitor what they read or hear. It doesn't make much sense to single out a book or song, @CAPS1 is like picking out all songs and books
Everyone finds something objectionable in their lifetime. However, many people find things different from others offensive. Whether it's race, religion, gender, etc., people are offended by many different topics. If there is a book in a public library that you find offensive, I don't think it should be removed. It's like removing something because a person doesn't like it. It's not fair to anyone else going to that library. @MONTH1 is offensive to you, but to another, @MONTH1 is not. This book may be in the library for a number of reasons. It can help someone write a paper, learn about a topic, or do some research on a topic. If one finds it objectionable, then if all books, music, magazines, movies, or any other items in the library are removed, there will be hardly any books left in the library. I think all books should be in the library, even if someone finds it offensive. It may offend them, but not others. If one person finds a book offensive and another doesn't, it's unfair for someone who isn't offended to not be able to view it. It would be the parents' fault if they were worried about the kids checking what they might have learned from it, because they didn't supervise what the kids checked. Kid @MONTH1 learned something new from the book. Even if it's offensive, you can still learn something from books, movies, magazines, music, etc. If you are still reading this book, it can help you change your mind about the topic. It @MONTH1 helps other people change their minds by bringing new perspectives on the topic to ideas they never thought of. One condition why a book, movie, magazine, music, etc. gets deleted is if everyone agrees. If everyone coming to that library is offended by it, it's in the library's best interest to get rid of that book at @MONTH1. The main idea here is that all books in the library should stay in the library. The author wrote it for a reason, and it should be open to those who want to read it. If a person doesn't like it, then they shouldn't check the item at all. If this happens every time someone finds something objectionable in the library, there's almost nothing to check. Even if it offends you, it can come in handy for another person
@CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1, my name is @CAPS2 and I'm from @ORGANIZATION2. I agree that books, music, movies and magazines should be taken off the shelves. If they're not something kids are supposed to learn, then why put them on the shelf. Many books read by children, teens and adults are the cause of many violence and threats. This is a major reason today, we want a peaceful world. A lot of times we see teenage kids fighting or saying bad things about others. It's not a good thing, mostly because they're either watching an @CAPS3 show about negative things, or reading a book, or just trying to be cool. If only we could put more important study books, movies, etc. in more places. There will be less aggression in the world. Have a more positive day and go out and say I read @ORGANIZATION1 wonderful book that taught me new things in life that would be the best obedient. Teaching kids something they can remember or help in the long run is the best thing. It's such a great feeling to know they're doing anything educational. Now when do you see kids actually doing what they're supposed to do. You really don't want to have trouble getting in just because they're too busy. It's really bad for them, they should always learn good things to help them live. It's a tough world for these kids and they should be taught in the best possible way
Materials such as books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable! This is a public library. Not many people want to find something that seems to hurt or harm them in any way. Libraries are what get people in, and they should be expected to like something, whether it's a book, a movie, or a magazine. When people come in looking for some good information about something, they expect to find good tips, not disappointed. For example, it could be about someone being racist. This is disappointing for some. No one should go in and find something that offends them. It's not fair. Now, for parents with children. Do you want your kids to go into a library that allows them to watch whatever their heart desires, and they will see porn or anything that will have a bad effect on them? I highly doubt it. Unless, you just don't care what your kids are reading these days, it's people who want their kids to get a good education, well, you get my point. This is unfair to those who go to the library, their expectations are met and they are disappointed. It's not good for them and could make your community look bad. Libraries are designed to provide people with information, interesting facts and a variety of quality resources. So please put away bad books, music, magazines, etc.!
I believe censorship is a good thing; to a certain extent. I think the review involves the age group and the permission of the parent or guardian. If the consumer is twelve years old and under; then the consumer should buy reviewed books etc, but if you are 13 or older you should be able to buy uncensored products. Some people don't like a vetted product because they feel it takes away that particular thing. Music, for example, a lot of people get angry when the lyrics on @CAPS1 are censored. It doesn't allow people to get the full effect of the music and the "message" sent by the artist or band. There are books; people are frustrated that they don't have access to what the book is all about. Censoring a book is like taking away part of a masterpiece. Some books should be censored like many romance novels; those become very graphic and go into a lot of detail in terms of sexual themes and content. I don't think those books should be on the shelves. In magazines; it depends on the type of magazine the consumer is reading. If one is reading a political magazine; for some reason the magazines don't put all the real facts and details into it. If a person is reading hunting or fishing magazines; then they can put all the facts on the guns, calls, lures and stories they want without having to review them. On the other hand, movies are censored on some channels. If you're watching movies on @CAPS2 networks like @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS3; those channels censor movies. If you watch a movie on @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS4 they don't censor the movie because these are just movie channels. That's why the movie has ratings. R is limited to those under 17 (no adults present), @NUM1 is for those 16 and under without adults. @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 are for any age group. In summary; censorship depends on the true age group of the consumer. If you're still in elementary school, you may not be able to buy an uncensored product; if you're around 13 to 15 years old, you should be able to buy it with an adult license, and if you're 16 or older, you should be able to Buy uncensored products without adult gifts knowing you can handle "offensive" material
Books, music and movies are all important, especially for children. If we decide to take a book off the shelf, so will everyone else, and the shelf is almost empty. The same goes for movies, magazines, music, etc. While some parents do not accept their young children reading or viewing uncensored material in the library, it is the parent's job to supervise their children and choose for them and teach them what is right and wrong to read or read. watch. Libraries usually require @CAPS1 cards. These @CAPS1 cards allow that person to access an adult's profile, depending on the type of card the person has. Since parents decide what materials their kids have access to, they shouldn't blame anyone if their kids take something they don't like off the shelf. Libraries have done everything that needs to be done to keep society completely safe. If we tried to remove every book, movie, song or magazine that contained objectionable content, we would have to remove almost everything. People have different cultures and beliefs. They may think some things are offensive, while others think it's normal. In today’s society, many people prefer movies or music that contain some inappropriate material that has dominated the media lately. We can't stop posting them, but we can review them. There are different kinds of channels where these materials can be viewed. The internet, @ORGANIZATION1 and the library are all available under parental supervision. Therefore, parents cannot blame anyone other than themselves if a child reads or sees unacceptable material. Libraries should maintain the status quo and maintain the same methods of review. Parents need full supervision of their children. Libraries have adequate restrictions and rules for their books and movies based on a person's age
I think libraries should be censored for people who don't like or are dissatisfied with what's on the shelf. Someone shouldn't have a problem with going to the library or taking kids to the library. Children of all ages, sizes and races can visit the public library. If I take my kids or kids to the public library, I don't want to worry about whether my kids are reading or viewing things they shouldn't or don't like
I have been to many libraries in my life. I've also seen books that suck in many different categories like comedy, fiction, non-fiction, drama, etc. They are known to have a lot of themes that are not suitable for minors or suitable for many other age groups. Movies of this era make your eyes shine. For example, in cartoons, they are sexual content like kissing. Some parents do not want their children exposed to this activity. Movies can sometimes lead to false beliefs about how things are, what will happen, or why they see it. They are also some good movies in the library like documentaries, histories, biographies, etc. This gives you a good on-the-spot view of what was and what is going on now. Another subject is magazines. Strange things going on in the world @CAPS1 know why we put them in magazines, but kids have easy access to them in the library. Pictures in magazines are pictures from some magazines. Magazines have bad things and good things. Magazines are in some ways as useful as books. They carry very useful information. Music is also a big theme in the library. Some of the lauguage put on the cd track is good, but they also have a lot of bad material. A lot of people known as @CAPS2 have said some very harsh and profane things that a lot of people and kids don't want to hear. Like I said before, they are bad, they are good. We have a lot of people who like to list Gospel, Jazz, @CAPS3 & @CAPS4, etc. In conclusion, the library has a lot of good things, but also a lot of bad things. In my opinion, libraries should be more careful about what people can access. It's easy for a small child (who can read) to pick up an adult book and sit in the corner reading it and be exposed to most things a parent is exposed to. So in my opinion, yes, if something is found offensive, it should be taken off the shelf.
Censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic with conflicting views. Proponents of censorship argue that some literary material in the library may offend some people and should be removed or censored. The other side of free speech argues that all literary material in libraries should be retained, whether or not deemed offensive. On these two sides of such a contentious issue, censorship should clearly not be instilled within libraries because the right to freedom of speech must be upheld for true meaning and expression, and the opportunity to read such a work really comes from interested reader. The first reason that censorship of literary materials in libraries is an injustice is the right to freedom of speech. This right belongs to all citizens of @LOCATION1 and should not be taken away just because a person @MONTH1 finds something offensive. I have observed that many people will often try to steal this right from people, and this indoctrination of censorship can do this to authors. This is the number one reason why censorship of literary materials in libraries is unjust. The next reason for censorship of literary materials in libraries is an unjust effort, as such censorship @MONTH1 dilutes the true meaning and expressive theme that the literary work is designed to convey. An example of a censored story is the famous "@CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION1". Such novels, while sometimes containing offensive language, would not read the same if that language was omitted and deleted. Instead, @PERSON1's expression in the story will become very sluggish, almost silent. This is the next reason why literary censorship in libraries is an unjust effort. A final reason for censorship of literary material within a library is an unjust effort, because it makes the book unavailable to interested readers. So many times I've seen people openly lose their temper at an objectionable piece of literature. I'm offended by something I've read before, I'm not asking for it to be removed and crying for a less offensive alternative, I just either stop reading this work or read through it anyway. One must know that offensive language is rarely used in literature to attack the reader, but to express a strong point of view. If a person finds the material too objectionable to read, then they should stop and look for more suitable work. By being calm and passive about these things, it keeps the literature on the shelf in its true form for others who wish to read it. This is the final reason why censorship of literary material within a library is an unjust effort. Clearly, it's a bad idea for libraries to remove or censor literature as a whole. The decision to censor literary works is bad because it takes away the author's right to freedom of speech, it diminishes the author's true meaning and expression, and it removes the opportunity to read such works from those who are interested. Removing or censoring literature would be a terrible decision that everyone will regret for years to come. This is why it is an injustice to delete or censor literary works in a library.
Dear @PERSON1 newspaper editor. Taking a book, cd, dvd/vcr tape, magazine, etc. because of whether they are offensive or obscene is a foolish move for those who think the world has to be perfect when in reality it is far from perfect It's disgusting, but the sad truth is that only a tiny fraction of the planet accepts it. If I didn't convince you otherwise, read on. I believe that if the world can't handle what's on the shelves of public libraries, they should just leave it alone and stay in the comfort zone of their reading choices. If they are offended, they can read elsewhere. I know people probably get there first. If that's the case, it's good to ask the person/people who offended you to move it elsewhere. The world is by no means a perfect place. The world does have its positives, like @CAPS1 countries and NATO (@CAPS2.ATO), but for some reason, if there's no perfection around them, the world seems like they're going to die. This means they have decided to remove the offensive and obscene from all books in libraries around the world so that boredom and perfection can slowly but surely enter the world's mind to become normal. Well, I refuse to let it into my mind, I hope you choose the same for yourself. your @CAPS3 @CAPS4
Reading is something people choose to do for their own entertainment, enjoyment, personal knowledge, and many other reasons. Reading should not be restricted in any way. If a person is interested in a book, they should be able to read it if they want to. I think censorship within the library is something that shouldn't be done. It is unbelievable how one person can deprive another of the right to read a book of his or her choice. I know some books can be very descriptive and graphic, but those boundaries should be set in a family. If parents don't want their children to read, don't get involved in the whole community. It's not fair to others. If you personally don't find entertainment or pleasure from a book that you find offensive, there are plenty of other alternatives to read. No one is forcing you to suffer and read a book you don't like, which is why there are so many sections in the library. Sections in the library range from mystical to romantic, so find a different book and leave the offensive to those who love to read. Then you are happy, and so is everyone else. Libraries are places where people use to view and read books. Often a person chooses a book because the cover or a friend asks you to read it. If libraries start taking books off their shelves, the rest of us will have no books to read. Not only will there be no more books, but there will be no more libraries for people to go to. Just because a few people find some objectionable words, scenes, or other ideas in a book doesn't mean it's right to deprive others of the privilege of reading it. If you have questions, don't read it. It's that simple. Don't make other readers suffer because of one person's opinion.
I do believe that certain books, music, movies and other media should be removed from library shelves if found offensive. We no longer need a reason for people to judge someone based on what they read. If the media is offensive, someone's feelings can be hurt. I remember one time I read a book that had some really offensive stuff about homelessness. I feel bad reading this because it makes them sound like horrible people. In many cases it's not true, but I remember people who read it and they believed every word of it. Those people look down on them rudely now. So why do we want this book to be in the library? This book has changed the way many people think, and so have many more books. There is also a lot of offensive music. Most of the songs people listen to today are, but we just don't realize it. These should not be available at the library, as anyone can rent them. It's not good because they only sing a song they think is okay and it really hurts other people's feelings. Another thing libraries need to look out for are magazines. Most magazines are ok, but some like to include inappropriate little stories. So, to really protect everyone and anyone they need, you have to actually read the magazine and make sure it's completely non-offensive. I think libraries really need to sit down and think about whether they can be media, or definitely movies. They need to be aware that kids can rent these and see them fit. I think the library should only have family oriented movies. This way, no one will be harmed by anything they will see. In conclusion, libraries should be extra careful when choosing media. They need to try to limit everything that is objectionable, try to stop anyone from getting hurt
Should Libraries Have Censorship? Many people will answer this question in different ways. I think libraries should definitely not have censorship. Allowing libraries to be censored is a violation of our rights. This contradicts press freedom. If anyone wants to read the opinions out there, they should have that right. I also feel that library censorship violates free speech. What is writing, not written language? If someone wants to say something, they should be able to say it. If a mute wants to make a point, they should be able to do it by writing. Some @MONTH1 find it offensive, others @MONTH1 are not. If someone finds it offensive, they shouldn't read it at all
"Then there are no books on any of our shelves". This sentence says it all, if everyone has a say in what is offensive or not, then everything will be offensive. Books are usually written for the reader's pleasure, if not, books are also for information. Not everyone feels the same way about a book as everyone else, so it's not fair that you can't read it because someone else doesn't want you. Personally, I enjoy reading books that interest me because I can assume most people do. In general, I like to read books with a lot of action and plot in order to stay focused. I realize some people will find this offensive to children and unacceptable, but I consider myself a good kid right now and the books I read haven't affected me negatively. When I was a @NUM1 kid, I read far more books than most @NUM1 students read. The book contains a lot of vulgar words, even racial slurs, but I'm mature enough to deal with them. Just the previous year, the librarian I kept in touch with asked me if I should take the book off the shelf. I told her no, my reasoning was that I found this to be a very interesting book! It makes me sad to see a good book that cannot be read because of some vulgar language, because at the end of the day it's just words that express heavy emotions. Many books, such as dictionaries or encyclopedias, are used to provide information. These books can also be read by children. I myself went through dictionaries as a kid looking for "bad words". Does this make deletion justified? Even the books we read in school today have "bad words". When I was a freshman in high school, my @CAPS1 teacher talked about how the school board was trying to get rid of "To @CAPS2 A @CAPS3" because it contained racial slurs and a lot of racism. She was very opposed to getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students. Books cannot be taken away from high school students because some nervous adults find it offensive when in fact they teach great morals and lessons to young people. If you look at politics, you will see that not everyone has the same views, some people can be very vocal about their views. The same idea can be applied to any subject in the world today. Some people think one way, while others think the exact opposite. It's a matter of taking the book off the shelf. One thought it was a very offensive book, while another thought it was a very rewarding book. My personal opinion is that a book is a book and people intervene in them in different ways. So if a book can be taken off the shelves, it will set off a chain reaction until every book is sold out. It doesn't matter! If someone shouldn't read that book, then they shouldn't be allowed. The answer is that simple. At the end of the day, people are going to have to get over their dislikes because they want to take a book off the shelf. Most people are offended by something, and usually not everyone is offended by the same thing, which makes this issue unmanageable. There is only one answer to this question: Should libraries be censored? The answer is no, go with the flow. The book came out, so there must be a good reason behind it. At the end of the day, a book is just a book
Have you ever walked into a library and saw a book that you wouldn't let your kids or any young person pick up and read? There are several books in the library for younger children to read. I don't think you should remove a book from your library because it's bad for some people or not suitable for children, but there are things you can do to keep those books away from your kids or any kids. Things that can be done; move the books to a higher shelf, designate a specific area for the books, or put an age limit on the books. The first way you can take an objectionable book out of your child's or any other child's hands is to move the books to a higher shelf. Doing so will keep these books out of your child's sight and reach. This will keep them out of children's hands and prevent them from reading. The next possibility to keep objectionable books out of your child, or any child, is to designate a specific area for those books in the library. Doing this will provide a "barrier" so you can tell your child to stay out of the area and keep an eye on them to make sure they don't get into the area. You'll also know where the books are so you can make sure they don't go to that area. The last possibility to expose your child or any other child to objectionable books is to put an age limit on these books to prevent children from being able to check them out and read them. This will prevent children from reading them by making them reach a certain age before they can be examined. These are some possibilities that can be used to keep kids away from irritable books and prevent them from reading offensive books that you don't want them to get and read
Many people have different views on censorship. Some people think that some movies, books, newspapers, etc. contain topics that are not suitable for certain audiences and that they should keep writing about certain things to some extent or not at all. Others believe that people have the right to say what they want when they want, on topics they think are true or not, or that is very important to them, also known as freedom of speech. People also believe that, yes, some things shouldn't be written there, but they can't control it, and for some people @MONTH1 is appropriate. I do believe some of the stories were written inappropriately. But I know that even if I find the subject unsuitable or of no use to me, others will. I know everyone out there is different and has their own beliefs about different things. If people have the ability to control what books, magazines, newspapers and movies are in the library, then @PERSON1 is right, "None of us will leave any books on the shelf". Certain books, newspapers, movies and magazines can help and interest some people, no matter what the subject is or how inappropriate it is @MONTH1, as long as they are of the right age. If the story is all about drugs, sex, alcohol and violence and it really doesn't work, then yes, I believe it should be taken off the shelf. You don't know who has access to that movie, book or article. It could be a small child and we don't want to leave the door open for that. People have many different beliefs, and I believe we shouldn't take anything off the shelf that works for anyone, but I also believe that to a certain extent there are.
@CAPS1 happen to use books and movies for simple entertainment? Why are we now wary of the @CAPS1 our kids pick from the shelves? Today's society has changed the way we once looked at entertainment resources. Books are now viewed with skepticism, and once innocuous films and magazines are filled with material no one should read or watch. Music used to be a beautiful art form, but now when you turn on the radio, @CAPS1 do you hear it? Unconsciously spitting out words associated with curses and other trash. Libraries should exercise caution when renting something to people who shouldn't be using the material for innocuous entertainment. Once upon a time there was a little girl of fourteen or fifteen who liked to read and listen to music. She is smart but shy and likes to treat books as friends. Every day, she goes to the library to find a new story to learn more about. One day, she found a book on the top shelf in the novels section. The book looks old because its spine is badly torn and a few pages are almost falling off. She reached for the book, intrigued, and turned the pages. Her innocent mind grasped a world she didn't know. After reading this book, she was filled with guilt. This is not a good book, but a book with harmful information. This once innocent girl now knows things she shouldn't know at that age. So why isn't there some kind of warning? The difference between writing offensive and offensive is that the author usually does not intend to be hurtful or rude. It is likely that the author intended to enjoy literature with a clear and interesting attitude. However, the comparison between writing something offensive and something offensive is very different. When you read something in a book or magazine that upsets you, put it down, or throw it away. No one is forcing you to read the material. However, the real question is; @CAPS1 about our kids? How can we protect them from offensive literature? @CAPS1 About the music? Or a movie? Remember the old black and white movies? Regardless of @CAPS1's plot or storyline, how did the two protagonists fall in love in the end? Just before the two actors kiss, the ending title fills the screen before it goes black. Note that there are still some movies with happy endings and positive messages. @CAPS1 About other movies? Some of the biggest blockbusters are those with violence, some form or form of racism and/or pornography. Going to the cinema in person to see a new action movie that looks thrilling and fun should be fun, but where does the fun stop? After the guy in the first scene was just brutally murdered? Or after two lovers share a special bond that should be kept secret? And @CAPS1 happened when the movie was released and checked out from the library by a little boy who just wanted to spend a fun sleepover with his friends? How do we keep these materials away from them? Libraries should be extra careful when labeling books, movies, magazines, etc. Librarians should ensure that the books children give them are safe to read at that age. Also, they should check the ratings of the movie or make it unavailable to certain age groups. Parents should also exercise caution when letting their children watch movies with friends. Make sure they see something interesting but with a positive message. Should libraries remove certain materials from their shelves? I do not think so. However, be careful what you read or watch @CAPS1 as it may not please you. Use the Internet as a source for finding book and magazine reviews, see how it's rated, and decide whether it's an interesting read or a great movie. Have fun but be careful
Books, magazines and clutter should be removed if they are offensive to individuals or children. Books, magazines, music can stimulate the imagination of children or adults as they grow or think that this is the right way to do things. All these unsuitable items should be discarded if not intended for use by children or adults. I'm sure this will be affected when people grow up or when adults think this is the right way to do things. Books and music should be removed if not used for useful things. Books and magazines with no material use and books used for pornography or other content should be removed. Both children and adults have great imaginations and can sometimes hurt others and family members. Books, magazines and music provide inspiration without distracting people. These are the ways sometimes not knowing that you are going to hurt someone you love because of something you see, read or hear. This is probably the biggest impact people. The supplies you get like books, magazines, and music aren't helping you, they're causing more problems in your life, and they should be replaced by the marketplace. People also sometimes decide to buy them because of what the pictures store for you on a good day. Another thing that causes them to be put on hold is the ideas you can get by watching, listening and reading. This is bad for anyone, anyone ready or listening. I believe books, magazines, and music should be eliminated because it doesn't do the brain any favors, and it doesn't do you any favors. There is also no good stuff that is not used up. In my opinion, I think trash books and music can sometimes lead you to commit suicide or do something you will regret later. That's why nuns and those things use full for a person or a child anyway, I think books, magazines, and music that don't use full should be put on hold and something that helps the brain. Things that don't respond to one's brain should be put away. All of these things become unstable in life and lead you to failure. In the end, I think all books, magazines, and music that don't pay off should be put away
I don't think books, music, movies or magazines that are found offensive should be removed from library shelves. First, you have to consider what is offensive to most people and who should be the one deciding whether or not to sense it. People should be able to decide for themselves whether they can take an item off the shelf because they may not even find it objectionable. If you're a parent, you have the right not to let your children watch or read certain material, but you can't take it off the shelves because that would prevent others from having access to the same material they think is acceptable. Objectionable things range from swearing to extreme violence. Some @MONTH1 don't mind a bit of bad talk or a little violence, but others will find it offensive. In my personal experience, I tend not to think a little swearing is offensive, but I do know that some people hesitate to even hear a small swear word. A lot of movies these days are made up of slightly offensive content, but only if you take it seriously. Movies that make fun of things people might find offensive may be more offensive to those people, but if they don't want that movie, they don't have to watch it! It just depends on the person and the environment they grew up in, or what they think is right or wrong. It is your own responsibility or that of your parents to determine if the content of a book or movie is appropriate. A lot of times, parents will say that their children are too young to pass judgment on a book or a movie, which is quite true. Therefore, most children's movies and books are suitable and do not contain content that children are not ready to deal with. If you are older then you may decide to read or watch something because it is more age-appropriate. A lot of times, you've been exposed to popular ideas from movie books because those things are already in your life. It depends on who the movie is for and what you think is age-appropriate for them. The idea of taking these books off the shelves would be disastrous. With parents disagreeing, school reading lists will have to be reduced, and children will lose valuable knowledge in most literature. One might want to rent out their favorite horror movie, but suddenly it doesn't exist because several people find it offensive. If one person disapproved of something, there would be nothing in the library, because then every item would have at least one disapproval. I used to read To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 and our teacher told us that in another state the book has been banned because some parents didn't like a thing or two in the book. This book has many valuable ideas and lessons and is considered a great work of literature. These parents want the book banned in all schools and all libraries across the country, which would violate the free speech rights of others. Parents can say what they want about the book instead of letting their kids read it, but they can't stop the opportunity for others who want to read it. Taking it off the shelves will also take away those ideas. Literature and all other genres of film and literature are what shape culture. There have been so many movements over time, many started with literature, and it has affected cultures and people. Censorship will only take away part of our culture and it will be devastating. You should look at your life and think about what you find offensive. Then put on shoes that others don't consider offensive and see if it's worth taking it off everyone. Almost anything can be considered offensive to at least one person, but it is your responsibility to decide whether it is right for you or your child. Bookshelves should be full of books, movies, music and magazines. It is our way of expressing freedom of speech and is an integral part of our country and culture
Censorship in libraries is good in some ways. People who like to read should have a variety of books. Things that offend others: For example, a book about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or the locals and how they are treated so badly. But almost everything these days is offensive and ridiculous. Either way, there will always be something that some people find offensive. My experience with this situation really didn't bother me. But I was flipping through a book in the library and I read a paragraph that had the word "nigger" in it and I found it a little offensive. This word is really bad. People love different books, movies, magazines, etc., and some of the greatest movies of all time, and I'm pretty sure some people will find them in some way. Some might find it inappropriate, others might find it different. Like in magazines, my aunt found them distasteful because the swimsuit models inside were meant to advertise new swimsuits. Or used to add advertising wine. All in all, pretty much everything is nasty to someone out there. If you take away everything that people think is out of place, there's almost no book movie or anything like that, and it's not just terrible.
People should have the right to hear, read and see whatever they want. What people read, watch or listen to is their own choice. They won't be able to change that person by removing an objectionable movie or book. They just go elsewhere to do it. People have the right to read, hear and watch what they think is good for them. If others find it offensive, that's their problem. People make their own decisions and it is their right. I think if you tell someone they can't do something it just makes them want to do more. Taking offensive books, music, movies, and magazines doesn't solve our society's problem of offending others, it just covers it up. Taking them out doesn't suddenly make people stop offending others, they just don't do it in the library. Every book, music, or movie offends someone else, and if we take out all the offending stuff, there's nothing to read. It's just something we have to deal with. So I disagree with library censorship. It only deprives us of the right to read and watch what we want, and it deprives us of all the offensive movies and books we have; it's pretty much every book. Everyone feels offended by one book or the other, and if we take those books, our library will be left with nothing
Censorship No, I don't think they should take certain books off the shelves, there's a lot of objectionable stuff out there; gangs, politics, race, even the schools that little kids go to. I can understand wanting to shelter your kids, but you can't keep them out of everything. There are gangs in the inner city to correct bad rhetoric on trains, buildings and whatever. You can't take it off the shelf. Politics is probably the worst, during presidential elections, they always mention skin color, and everything they can find about each other. All your kids are watching this on TV. Race wars can get bad, people all over the world are fighting for the color of the skin there. You can't let them benefit from it either, it's an ongoing battle that will never become a battle and will only get worse. I can't speak for other schools, but mine has a lot of little issues; little kids cursing, older kids fighting, and then some people try to do good things at school and get attacked for it. You can't hide your kids forever, sooner or later they will find out about these problems. If you want to help your kids keep them off the streets because reading it in a book is so much better than seeing it in the real world. You have to prepare them for future problems, and if you don't, they could be hurt more than the little words in a book, magazine, or movie.
In Fahrenheit @NUM1, all books are burned, no matter what they contain, people are always sad and depressed about everything. Books are an integral part of our lives. Some material does need to be reviewed as it may offend some people who are ready to be themselves without these things to add to the flames. They have some books that are censored for no reason. There may be a rude or unintelligible word that causes the book to be censored unnecessarily. When used correctly, reviews are important to libraries. From learning to simply using time, we need books for many things. Music has been with humanity since the beginning. Movies show us the ups and downs of life. Magazines tell us what's new and interesting. These things are as important to us as clothing and food. Simply taking them out makes the world a darker place. Some of these things lead to people being offended rather than trying to be offended. Kathryn Patterson says if I have the right to get rid of a book that offends me, so can everyone, and soon all books will disappear. We can try to be nice to everyone, but at some point, certain things will insult others no matter what we do or say. Do we need to get rid of everything for this reason?
What is censorship? Many would say it was a book without swearing, or a movie without racism. For me, I think censorship hides the truth. I don't think a movie or book should be out of self because some people find it offensive. When a book uses profanity to express anger or simply uses the word, I think it's okay because isn't that what we already hear in the world? Now I know some people at @MONTH1 who didn't grow up hearing swear words, but many of us did. With movies, I think if people have a problem with things their kids see bad or objectionable, then they shouldn't let their kids watch. That's the problem with people right now, they don't want to take responsibility for the problems that come up in their lives. People use censorship to make themselves feel like they are a good parent or that the world owes them something. Censorship is thrown out when someone thinks a movie or a book has gone too far in their race. Many people have questions about their race or nationality. While it's fun to see that race use these swear words among them, when it's written in a book, it's racism. Or, when a certain race is made fun of or shown in a racially inappropriate way in a film, the film is called racist. I feel like if people have a problem with something they don't agree with, then they should take it out of their lives. Too many people try to control something, like censorship. For years, books read in schools have been expected to be censored for poor language. Why spend all your time reviewing books instead of school. I know the kids at school are talking foul language all the time. Even worse than the books we read. Censorship wouldn't be such a big problem if adults realized they needed to censor their children and not books. People need to realize that censoring books or movies doesn't remove offensive words or bad images, it just glosses over them
Taking books off library shelves because someone thought they were objectionable? I don't think this is right. It's just one person's idea, and certainly no one else will have the same idea. Just because a person finds something objectionable and should be taken off the shelf doesn't mean some kids can't learn from that book. And music, movies, and magazines, you can get it anywhere else, so why is having a library a bad thing? A lot of kids go to the library to find the books they need for school, and if people take the books they need off the shelves, how are they supposed to do their jobs? I'm sure some people will say the book they need is something they shouldn't study, but we're going to learn about it someday, so why not now? Take away the music? Kids have easy access to the internet, and the way most kids do it can get them in trouble. So having music in the library just gives them a way to get it for free. Magazines you can go to the store to buy, but many kids may not have the money to buy them, so keeping them in the library gives them a chance to see them. As long as it's something kids can see, then I don't see anything wrong with the library there. So I don't think it's a good thing to take books, music, magazines and movies from the library. Maybe they could build an adult section where if someone tells them they think they should put a book, then they can look at it and see if it should. I can see some things being taken, but not a lot, and if you take everything from the library then you really don't have much of the library anymore.
I think if it's offensive, it shouldn't be used by kids until they're old enough to read it, listen to it. I think they need to be removed from the shelf or put away. Since it can be harmful and dirty for young children, removing them from the shelf will prevent this from happening. I believe these magazines can be put away or put in their own section. Music or movies can also be placed in their own section. Certain websites may block the Internet. Fortunately, we live in an age where there are adults who stop these things from happening. People look at you and can tell you you're too young for those things. That's why I think it's easy to prevent them from being placed or removed and taken off the shelf. If they're objectionable, remove them so we don't have to worry about whether the kids are reading them.
Dear newspaper, I would like to start by saying that books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are very suitable for children in the library. It's great that the kids have free time to go there when they have nothing to do or need to read. But there are some things that are not suitable for young children and young adults. In high school, just walk down the halls and you'll find more than you could possibly want to know. Many of them @MONTH1 are inappropriate, but whenever you walk into the library it's like they're promoting drugs, alcohol and sex. Books about drugs are okay in a way, as if they were medicine. But whenever they talk about how drugs can take away pain and make everything better, that's when it's taken away. Our kids and future kids don't need to learn these things. The same is true for alcohol. You see alcohol everywhere, kids start drinking at a very young age because movies, music, books, etc. basically promote it. Our kids don't need to learn these things. We need them to understand the dangers of alcohol, not how to get drunk and what to do when drunk. Advertisements are the worst things kids see, especially when they're on billboards, magazine covers, etc. Children don't need to learn these things at such a young age. Children should be persuaded to play outdoors, play sports, have fun with the family or ride their bikes. I feel like if these things offend someone, they should be taken out of the library. Because maybe it's best for these things to get off the shelves, because maybe our kids will be healthier and live longer without the effects or stress of drugs and alcohol and stuff like that. Sincerely, @PERSON1
I am sending you this letter with my thoughts on library censorship. Some people find books, music, movies, magazines, etc. offensive. These things may offend them, but not others. So you have to look at it not only from your own perspective, but also from the perspective of others. I don't think they should have taken these off the shelf. Everyone has a different point of view, just like my mom, she loves vampire books and movies, but I love tragedy. See what everyone likes differently. They also have to take into account that the books we have from @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM1, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM2 etc are offensive to some people. We're going to get those books out. I mean, if we take books, music, movies, magazines, etc. as offensive, then we don't have any books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Everyone thinks some things are offensive, some people may think the same things are offensive and maybe different things are offensive. We should not take books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from the shelves. I know people don't want kids there to see or hear them. Although it is part of life. You can't give everything to please one person because it will make the other person angry
Libraries are usually safe and quiet places for people to sit and have a cup of coffee, read a book/magazine, search the internet or listen to some favorite music. However, some people don't use it that way. They think it's time to play and disrespect other people who try to set aside some time for themselves when the kids are away or have a bad day, then regroup and prepare for the next day. But then we asked ourselves why people wanted to sit in libraries and read. Why can't they just read a book, CD or magazine and take it home? Why do people think it is so important to be able to borrow books, magazines, music and movies from the library? I don't see what a big deal this is! Most counties have public libraries. That means they'll take anyone interested in checking out what's out there. Yes, I can see libraries asking borrowers to sign letters or documents, providing personal information such as phone numbers, addresses, or credit card numbers. The letter will say they have so much time to read the book they need to get it back by a certain date or they need to bring it back for an update so they can't accuse anyone of stealing a book if they Just wanted a little longer. Most places have what they call late fees. Usually if someone has a late fee then you don't get that book back because they don't want to pay, so I feel as if you give them a credit card number and they can keep debiting it from there and get the late fee and that's it . Because they can't answer your calls, or they can throw a letter they got in the mail from the library in the trash. I know our school library at @ORGANIZATION1 has been having issues getting back books and not paying late fees. This problem is sometimes a never-ending process for some people because some of them simply don't care. Yes, the internet will be a little different because not everyone has the money to go online there. I'm not writing this letter to complain or to be annoying, I want to tell you some of my thoughts that I have to keep the library running and not be full of addicts. My idea is a good idea for me and I feel like we can get the most out of the library around this county and @LOCATION1
People find things offensive every day. It's just a matter of life. Some people have the right to be offended for some reason, but they really have no control over it happening. It's just something that's happened for thousands of years. People have slowly started to deal with it. So, therefore, I believe that books and other material that is deemed offensive should not be removed because it offends someone, because removing it might offend others. What I'm really trying to convey is that, no matter what, not everyone will be Life is full of complex social and emotional complexities, so not everyone will agree on the same thing. Also, it should be up to the library to decide whether or not to remove some of their material. Because they do pay for it and have the right to have people in society watch or read or listen to it. Having said that, I believe they should minimize certain objectionable material. For example racism, it seems that rasicm still affects many parts of this country. And will always be a growing problem around @CAPS1. In conclusion, I think that libraries have the right to have somewhat offensive books or movies. Because like I said, everyone deals with it at some point and not everyone is happy. Some of this material is likely to be educational and teach us the history of @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, etc., rather than being racist or offensive as everyone concludes. Everyone needs to move beyond the offensive end to a level where everyone agrees. Because we are all the same but still divided in appearance and culture
Libraries are designed for everyone, from children to adults. @MONTH1 There are some things that shouldn't be in certain regions, or even this place at all. Since the library has books for all ages in there, their @MONTH1 or shouldn't be some material in the area they can see. Not to mention @MONTH1 isn't even there. Kids of any age can choose from @MONTH1's inclusion of material that is either objectionable/or just something they shouldn't see. I think the library should only contain material suitable for all ages. This is why I think libraries should only provide material with appropriate images and text for all ages. You don't know what you or someone's kid @MONTH1 picked up and read or heard. The thing to do is to have all the proper materials and nothing
If certain books, movies and magazines are found offensive, should they be removed from library shelves? I think the library should remove objectionable material. A library is a huge public place to share knowledge and entertainment with a large number of people who want to expand their knowledge. There are libraries in @LOCATION1 and other countries that hold objectionable material. Now I'm a firm believer that these offensive items should be thrown away because little kids might catch one, someone might be influenced to do stupid activities they've learned, and some might steal the items for themselves. Libraries are a great resource for many different groups of people to enjoy, relax and think about. Libraries across the country now have objectionable material that should be taken off their shelves. Small children and their parents come to the library because the library is a great way to relieve stress and keep kids learning. Assuming that some material is not suitable for children to read, they pick it up and start reading. The next thing you know is that your child will have this knowledge and there is nothing you can do about it. Offensive material revolves around small children, and parents don't even know it. They may acquire offensive language or talk about it at school, and the material may spread. This material in the library can harm the brains of children through brainwashing. Teens are growing into an age where they may do some regrettable things. Teenagers often go to the library to meet up with friends, or start doing homework. Then an immature person finds a book and starts reading. Afterwards he or she thought it was very interesting and wanted to try it at home, but then got seriously injured. Teenagers can be influenced by anything, and worse it can start with the library. Still others just go into the library and steal objectionable material for themselves. Such people are immature and can cause real problems for the library. Once they have the item; they can post it on the internet and show the world what he or she has found. Objectionable material can easily be stolen from the library; if those specific items are not in the library, the rebels won't be stealing from the library. Libraries are for different people who want to learn and teach others about their newly acquired knowledge. Libraries have the absolute best resources a place could possibly have or ever wanted. I don't want such a wonderful resource to be tainted by such obscene material. This is why I firmly believe that certain objectionable material such as books, magazines, movies and music should be removed from the library.
Some believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from shelves if found objectionable. However, I don't think they should be removed. People are mature enough to deal with objectionable material. Most people check out books or movies they've heard of, so most of them know what they're reading @MONTH1 is offensive. Rather than removing offensive material, just issue a warning to let readers know that what they're checking is considered offensive. Today, people are mature enough to read objectionable material. We see many types of offensive material every day. Examples of this include when we watch the news, we @MONTH1 see a lot of objectionable images or videos. There are also many news reports that many consider offensive. When a person looks at an objectionable book, they do it because they want to. A library should not deprive a reader of the right to read what he/she wants. Before a person checks a book or a movie, they should check it to make sure they are satisfied with what they are getting. This prevents a lot of problems. For example, let's say a young reader sees a book that they think looks interesting. If they don't read it carefully and take it home, they @MONTH1 will later find it contains objectionable material. However, if they read something before viewing it, they find it contains objectionable material and can then decide if they still want to read it. Libraries have many ways to prevent children or other immature people from seeing objectionable material. They can put warning labels on books or movies to let people know that a particular item is considered offensive. Libraries can even impose age restrictions on viewing objectionable material. Any of these ideas could be an effective way to ensure that only mature people can check anything deemed offensive. Libraries should not remove books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that contain objectionable material from their shelves. If a person wants to view an objectionable book, they should be allowed to view and read it. Also, people should be smart enough to review any item they are examining beforehand so they can be aware of objectionable material. However, to make things easier, libraries can put warning labels on objectionable material to prevent some people from reading it.
I believe that censorship in libraries is not a big problem today. But many people disagree with this. Books and movies are great resources for anyone of any age. They can give us facts on a topic that we @MONTH1 can't find anywhere else. Everyone has their own definition of aggression. I believe it's not only up to the library to rate the aggressiveness of books, movies, and magazines, but also the participants who use those resources. For many children, regardless of age, they only borrow books from the library for two main reasons: fun and projects. Perceiving a book from a teen or child is more of an invitation to know what's in it. For people who like to read, they stick to just one genre most of the time. If someone wants to rent a book but it's not for them, the librarian or teacher will restrict them from reading the book. For projects such as schools, it will be up to the librarian to review books for children. But books are not rated, like movies. So it really all depends on the purpose of the book and the maturity of the person renting it. If they feel it's not suitable for some people, then they can make a suggestion to review it. Movies and books are different in many ways. Books allow you to create mental descriptions and pictures in your mind of what you are reading. Movies, on the other hand, create a visual image in front of your eyes. No matter how horrific or mean-spirited a book's description is, it's still no match for the visuals of a video. Movies today are rated based on a person's age and they will say why they are rated that way. Movies rated above @NUM1 are not in the library most of the time. They @MONTH1 still get censored if they create an image that's too bad, but it's up to who's watching it. Music is an important part of each of our lives, and the world would be very different without it. Everyone finds that they really like a certain type of music and stick to it most of the time. Music, like movies, is rated based on the content of the song. If it has a word or two that should be perceived, it's likely already marked as "explicit". I think music, like movies, shouldn't be censored because they've been rated accordingly. Some books, magazines, and movies contain grim facts about the past few years in our world, too mean for anyone. Even though these events happened in our past, they are still very important to us now. Books are a magical place for children and adults to create their own worlds. Censoring a book, movie or magazine will deprive people of the opportunity to enjoy life a little more in that short period of time.
My opinion on this issue is wrong. This is a very interesting question. I'm going to tell you why I think this way. I am for and against. Well, some people like different things and others don't. That's how things work. If a parent walks through the mall with his kid and walks into a music store and hears the music swearing in it, I don't want my kid to be there, that's what removing something like that because someone is offended. I totally agree with this. Just like cigarettes. The kids walked in to buy candy, then they went to pay, and the back wall was full of tobacco products that kids could see. Once again I want to take it off the shelf. If this happens, there will be a lot of conflicts. Everyone likes different things. So I think everyone gets mad at taking something that seems offensive to them. This goes from kids to adults. Every age is troubled by this. Now here is my objection to the question. If I admire something so much and then find out that someone is offended by it, so they take it away from people like that object, it makes me very angry. All of this is going to cause trouble for everyone and only make everything worse. This is how it should be. We all have opinions. We all like different things. If we don't like it or don't get along, we all have to get over it. That's something we have to accept and absorb. So on this issue, we both like it. I think it goes both ways because of its good and bad. People will have to get over the fact that they have to deal with what they see and hear. It's part of life.
In my opinion, if some material is found to be inappropriate, it should not be removed. A few things explain why I think so. For one thing, some libraries don't have specific types of books. For example, let's say one library @MONTH1 has action movies but no thrillers, and another library has thrillers but no action movies. If some material is removed from public libraries due to censorship, people will only be able to find it online or in certain stores. The second reason is that if the books are inappropriate, children will not enter such books unless they have parental approval. If the material is still on the shelf, you should at least be a certain age to read it, unless parents can make their kids not have to get their approval first. Of course this will make the library more kid-friendly, but a book shouldn't keep kids away just because of some bad word. Finally, some adults get upset about removing some books. Some pre-ordered books are best left in the library. If they were to remove the books, adults would have to find a book online. So, for me, censorship doesn't make any difference. If this continues, with @MONTH1 ahead so far, the library will have to shut down. Take my word for it. In short, don't let censorship take over our library.
To most people, censorship means much more than the average meaning of @NUM1 syllable words. This means giving up the right to speak and think as you please. For most people, this idea is not a good idea. When a person is censored, they basically give up @CAPS3's freedom. In this article, I'll discuss three downsides of library censorship. One of the reasons libraries shouldn't be censored out loud is @CAPS3's lack of freedom. Decades ago, when anyone could exercise their right to speak freely, the idea of censorship was not in the plan. As with @CAPS1, our right to speak and write is what we want, but will not receive any backlash, no matter how objectionable or non-offensive @MONTH1's material may be. As all of @CAPS1 should realize that everyone is different and not everyone will agree with each other. Does this mean that just because one person finds something objectionable, then an item should be taken off the shelf? Absolutely not. Freedom @CAPS3 is our birthright and we should speak or write anything out loud without censorship. '...But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - a job I hate - then you have the same right, and everyone else has the same right. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine Patterson. Author Kathryn Patterson simply said that if she has the right to take any book she doesn't like, everyone else has the same right. As mentioned in the paragraph above, it doesn't make sense to delete a book just because one finds it offensive. If that's the case, I can find @NUM2 books in our library that I think are objectionable, and the next person can find @NUM3 books objectionable, and so on. As Kathryn puts it, "Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use." The final downside of library censorship is the lack of perspectives and learning from books. As an avid reader, I can't even begin to describe all the vocabulary and new things I've learned from reading a book. Just recently, I read the book @CAPS4 @CAPS5. While reading the book, I started to have a deep hatred for the protagonist. Later I found the book incredibly offensive. However, by reading this book, it provides a lot of insight into the life of @DATE1 that I know nothing about. It gave me tons of information that I still use to this day. This book made me reflect on myself and how @NUM4 has changed people over the years, more specifically @CAPS1. In conclusion, library censorship is not a good idea. When a person is censored, they give up @CAPS3, other books in general, and lose the opportunity to learn new things. Hopefully with this article I have convinced you, or at least told you about the downsides of library censorship
Does our library have adequate censorship? Have you ever seen a vulgar or offensive book in your library and wished no kids had read it? Well, this should never happen, if a book or any other material is objectionable then it should be placed in a separate area of the library where only adults can access it. Other than that section, they should not be any objectionable or vulgar material that children or even teens should be able to see. Almost every day children and teens are exposed to offensive and vulgar material that can have dire effects on them. Perhaps if they hadn't seen this objectionable material at a young age, they would be less likely to use or engage with some of the things they saw or read. For example, when teens read that people taking drugs can influence them to engage in these types of activities. These materials may not have an immediate impact, but can have a huge impact on them later. When we are old, young people will rule the country. Therefore, we need to do our part to keep offensive and vulgar material away from our children and teens. I don't want my kids to read something I read as a kid. That's why I think they should be reviewed in every library.
Books I think every book in the world should be on the shelf. Because if it's offensive then don't read it. Even better if you can go and read any book you want. If you don't have that book, then I think you have to get it, otherwise some people won't bother with a book. This means they won't know as much as they want to know or might know. We need smat people to learn as much as possible about potential and what they know and may know. But a book is a book, and not everyone has read many books. Let's say you want to know about the truck, you'll look for a book about it, or go online or ask someone who knows. If the guy who loaded the truck didn't write a book telling you about the truck, how would anyone know about it. You have to take it apart and discover your ego is not easy. If you screw it up, it's not good. But if you have a book to say goodbye, most of the time things get a lot easier. This is one of the reasons why every book should be on the shelves. So if you need to know something and you want to learn, you can read it. Find out what you want to know. Reading is one of the best ways to find out what you're looking for so no one can tell you what's wrong. Plus books are great for reading movies and all movies should be there because everyone has the right to watch any movie they want. They are not mature enough. If no parents can say they can watch it. If it offends you, please don't look at it. The magazine @CAPS1 is very helpful to me, I read a lot of magazines and you can find a lot about enything in the magazines. so you are fine
Do I think certain material, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed for being offensive? NO, I have not. My opinion on the various things found in our library is good. Most of it is very useful information. Some people may not like certain things because of what's in or on them, but most of it is history. You can't change that. If someone doesn't like a book, movie, or magazine, they shouldn't read it. I've found things in our library that are really helpful for a lot of projects. If we need to know about slavery or slavery, we can go to our library. Some people see this completely differently, but hey. We can't help what people have done in the past. We can only learn from their mistakes. I say if you don't like what's on the front of the cover, don't read it. Find other things that are more interesting to you. I haven't found a single thing in our library that disgusts me. Not even good. They have books for everything. Some of them may be bad, but most are good information. They talk about history, guns and drugs, war and all kinds of other historical information. Some books aren't even true. I think people @MONTH1 are overreacting to something. If you don't like a book or a movie, don't take it. Take a look at the cover, and if it looks appealing, buy it. But if not, don't waste time complaining about it. Because then things would get out of hand. This is how I feel about the books, movies, magazines, etc. in our library. Mainly they seem helpful, but others may have different opinions
I don't think books should be taken off the shelf. Some things may be bad for some people, but others may need these books for research, projects, etc. People need to read to understand why some people find certain things offensive to others. Every book should be on the shelf of a public library. Everyone has the freedom to choose for themselves, letting them decide whether to offend them and others. Maybe a writer wrote a book about gansters and their children. Maybe the author wrote the book to give you insight into someone's life. We live in a very diverse world and they will see the world differently. The author is probably writing the book to show you the killing and violence that child went through in that life. This shouldn't offend someone because they're talking about killing and violence. Reading that book should allow you to see how that kid grew up. The book could even change the parents of some kids in gangs. It can make them realize how this will affect their children later in life. I believe the same goes for movies and magazines. It can help you by reading magazines and watching movies. Say you're in a gang and you watch movies and read and you find out what's going on in the gang and it might change your mind. These books, movies, magazines can show you what is going to happen. Maybe the director/writer does these types of things to show you what can happen if you keep going in gangs and noxious clubs. If a book, movie, magazine, etc. is offensive to some people and not to others, why should some people choose? I think the only way to get around this is to put every book on a public library shelf. Let the people who come to the library decide what is right for them and what is offensive. Even when the library makes a decision, there will be people who are angry and upset. I don't think there is any way to solve such a problem other than letting people read and decide for themselves. If they like the book, if they don't, don't read it, and don't return it. No one can decide right and wrong for someone, only you can do it for yourself.
Some children took books from the shelf that the old man could not read in a day now. Some people take the books off, break them, take the pages off
Hi @ORGANIZATION1, I am writing to talk about library censorship. In the library, they have a huge amount of material with offensive language and images. I have broad views on this issue. My point is that if you censor what's in the library, you should censor TV. I have deaf parents so we always have subtitles in our house. Every day I see uncensored bad language. I also saw uncensored images. Young people in this era mostly watch TV instead of the library. So why not review TV. I saw things on TV that I couldn't see in the library. In my conclusion, I would say that I don't think libraries should censor their materials because students will still find out. There are many other places that are even worse. Like crime scenes, where there is blood and gore, the library has only language. These are my views, yours may differ.
"All of us can think of a book and we hope our kids or any other kids don't get off the shelf - I hate that kind of work - then you have the same rights, so do everyone else. And then we don't Books are on the shelf for any of us. Author Katherine Paterson once said. I think she was trying to tell us that some books shouldn't be on the shelf for kids to read. I agree with her. I once read a book that was very mature. It was very vulgar and not appropriate for my age or maturity. There are so many books out there that we need to hide them from the children of our society. They are too young to hear Or read adult behavior such as: war, violence, sex, drugs and all sorts of other things. Our kids will have better lives if we take these mature books and other types of media off the shelves. Teen pregnancy, Drug use and a variety of other factors that affect our society will decrease. Children will do better because they won't be affected as much by the media. I don't think we should get rid of these books. We should keep them out of the library. If people want to read these kinds of books, they should search elsewhere. An easy way to get around this is to age-restrict books and media for that content and put them in a separate store or section of the library. A very The great writer said that children should not be exposed to adult content in media. But she also said that people who read or watch this type of media have every right to do so. That's why this type of media needs to be age-restricted. But now, If the content is adult to you or disagree with you, please do not read or watch it.
We've all been to the library at some point in our lives. Have you ever looked around and saw something objectionable about @MONTH1, or something you disagree with? What if you had a chance to be off the shelves forever? Or what if someone else had a choice? Will you allow them to do this? In my opinion, I would say no. Someone has no right to take readings off shelves just because @MONTH1 offended them, or the way of life there. I said, don't watch if you don't like it, it's that simple. For example, what if you like rap or hip-hop culture and someone finds it offensive? Would you give them the right not to let you know? Or, do you really want to do this to others? Let's say you're a Christian and an atheist finds @CAPS1 offensive or untrue, so he pulls it off the shelf. Does this sound fair to you? If someone doesn't like a topic or culture, or finds it offensive, all they have to do is stay away from it. The point is, if we all take something off the shelf, we end up with nothing. Respect other cultures and ways of life and stay away from things that offend you. Do you want people to take your favorite things off the shelf? I don't, so you shouldn't do that to others.
It seems like we're trying to censor everything today, but have we gone too far? Have we crossed the line, no longer protecting children, but hindering society as a whole? In my opinion, literary censorship has crossed the line. Essentially, libraries are invaluable resources for every generation. It's still true in some cases, but when books are put on hold, it @MONTH1 offends someone, we're blocking the knowledge people get from literature. We try to appease everyone in today's society, so we censor something that is politically incorrect. If future generations cannot learn what we have through these writings, they will lack the insight we have gained. Another reason is that, honestly, history and society don't - and well @MONTH1 never really does - political correctness. People are unhappy with certain words, so some libraries remove books containing those words from their shelves. When it's done, what have we really done? Are we making the world a better place by trying to hide a part of history? It's debatable, but for the same reason we have to know about @CAPS1 in schools, even though it upsets a lot of people. We must understand this because it is an important part of history and needs to be remembered in the hope that something so terrible will not happen again. So if we understand the whole subject that takes place in another country but affects the whole world, shouldn't we understand our own mistakes in history? Common terminology we now try to hide in our age of oppression of people. Does it really help us? No, because people won't understand it until they recognize the problem and further remind them how wrong it is. Napoleon once said that history is the story written by the victors, but when our history is rewritten, is victory so sweet? If everything that offends people is censored or taken away, we will have nothing. Because if one person speaks out loud about what is acceptable and what is not, then others will be involved. It's going to be a new fad and people will find problems with just about anything. So, in essence, by censoring the works in the library, we hinder the development of future generations. We are forcing them to be ignorant of social issues. Finally, we have to ask ourselves, is it really worth it? I remind you that libraries are a valuable resource.
When people think of a library, they think of a quiet place to study and read. Teachers use libraries for many different things. One of the things they use it for is movies about certain subjects. Another is books about certain people or events. They even use it to get project magazines and learn about the world outside of school. So what do I think about removing objectionable material? I will tell you what it is. Children have been watching movies in class. Some are sometimes inappropriate, but some are very inappropriate and helpful. I think if the teacher watched the movie first and thought it was too bad for elementary school kids, the school library should be banned, but for high school students, they may have heard or seen worse condition. So movies should stay in the high school library, but not all movies should stay in the elementary school library. Books are another great resource when used properly. They help children in history learn about ancient war heroes and past events. Some books should be kept behind the counter, but only for certain classes. For example, books that tell the details of medicines. They should be taken off the shelf and placed behind the counter; if someone really needs a book about them, like becoming a doctor for medical purposes, then all they have to do is ask. Magazines are good for several different good things. One thing is the project. If you have to do a project for something like food and don't have access to a computer, magazines are a great way to get good photos. Another thing it's usually used for is pure entertainment. Like when you get tired of reading books picked for looks, or if a book is too hard to read, you can buy a magazine. So actually some things should be kept and some things should be taken away. People spend a lot of time in the library doing a lot of different things, and that's never going to change. Movies are a great source of entertainment, and that won't change at all. So I guess I'm half and half about keeping or getting rid of objectionable material.
My opinion is against the public distribution of certain newspaper articles. Certain articles, radio shows, and other media sources vividly describe certain things happening in the news that I don't think are appropriate for some people to hear, such as young children, or people who don't agree with having to listen to things like : Bias responses, opinions, and explanations for these things. Publicly circulated newspaper articles and things that contain disturbing images should be censored. I recently saw pictures of people who were killed while searching for @LOCATION1. I find @MONTH1 these images have some importance for those who are interested, but for kids who can read a newspaper on their doorstep, there are some scary images that @MONTH1 thinks they shouldn't see. Even as adults, people don't necessarily agree. Adults @MONTH1 see what's in the news, @MONTH1 finds it relevant or rather disturbing, but in terms of the protection and limited exposure their child @MONTH1 has, @MONTH1 is not a Good thing their kids want to hear. I was in the car coming home from school one day, my dad just picked me up from school, and I just tune the raido from am to fm in the car as usual, but I didn't hear a top 100 hit out of nowhere, as I do As expected, I heard a woman express her thoughts on the passing of @LOCATION1 to a talk show host. The show had been taped before, so after the woman lashed out for being so angry about the whole thing, there were censorship of other calls from other people who were very upset about the woman's comments. She had earlier said it was wrong to kill someone, to which the talk show host responded by saying that @LOCATION1 is OK to kill thousands, but we can't kill his argument. I was a little disturbed by the comments of other callers. What the caller said was very offensive to the woman expressing her feelings. Other callers said she needed to leave our country and were cursing her. News like @LOCATION1's death is not only violent in and of itself, it can also provoke a very violent response. Another example where I was exposed to @MONTH1 messages that were not well received by others was when we had a rally at my school and we watched a video of a protest by people who opposed @CAPS1 beliefs. The whole point of the protest is that people of the @CAPS1 faith were born in @LOCATION3 and met with representatives to help an underprivileged community in @LOCATION2. Despite their efforts to help poor communities and homeless people in @LOCATION2, there are still people yelling at my protests to leave and go back to where they came from. It can be very offensive when people hear this on the news because even though @MONTH1 is on the exact opposite coast it affects someone and it can easily influence the opinions of those who don't understand the previous conflict , @MONTH1 very offended because this is a very complicated thing, although it is still very wrong. I think there should be a review of material that is made public by people of all ages, because what is now publicly distributed is not necessarily for everyone, some @MONTH1 don't want to hear it, but want to avoid certain topics about which they @MONTH1 are not familiar with news
I think if a book can be published, it should be available in the library. If a book is published, that means it's available to the public, so I don't see why it can't be in the library. If a book has to be removed from the library, why should they buy it? I really don't think it's necessary to take a book off a library shelf. If someone doesn't like it, then they don't have to get it. I believe only the owner of the library should be the only one to take the books off the shelves because it's their own store, but why would they waste money on books. The public should not be able to pick up books from the library because not everyone likes the same kind of books. Everyone also has a different opinion. If someone can pick up books from the library, there are no books left in the library. A book is a book. Not a criminal, why take books from the library? If a book can be published, then it can be put into a library. There's no reason for a book to be taken off the shelves because it's already published, so it's already available to the public.
I don't think a magazine should be taken off the shelf just because someone is offended. People are always offended, but have you ever seen them trying to get the things that make them so depraved. I've been offended by cartoons before, but you can't see me cry about it, you just have to suck it and move on. Cartman from the TV show @LOCATION1 is the most aggressive character on the show. He uses every offensive language known to man. He made fun of all races, he said he hated everyone equally. But you still can't stop it, like trying to turn a dog into a cat, it won't happen. It's also like trying to get rid of racism. That's what I think is the idea of finding something objectionable.
When you walk into your local library, there are thousands of books, magazines, movies and more. You have books of different types and styles. There are fiction and non-fiction, comedy, horror, children's books, and more. Also, what you may not know is that some library books are either sexual, violent, destructive, and not suitable for young children. They can also have such movies and magazines, which is not a good influence. When a young child walks into the library, they expect to find a book with colors, actions, pictures, and more. But as they browse around, they might come across a book that doesn't work for them, and they might end up being an influencer. A book that is not suitable for a child can affect a child's life as they may come into reality and try to imitate the book they have read, which may end up being the wrong decision. Libraries should not allow inappropriate movies and magazines, such as pornographic magazines or pictures, rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 movies. Such items should be sold in a separate store. Such items are for adult use only. Instead of trying to convince them to do anything in a negative way, we should strive to motivate our children to do the right thing. If you are keeping any of these items in your home, keep them out of the reach of children. We are living in a generation where most young people focus only on gang violence, sex, rap music and drugs, all of which you can find in movies, books and songs. If we keep all these negative things out of public places like libraries or even homes, something might change. Most rap songs you hear these days either talk about violence, sex or drugs. Most music should have a positive message. I feel like if I see a book, movie, magazine, etc. on a shelf where young people can see it, I feel like I should have the right to delete it because society is not like it used to be, if we make changes like this , and then I felt a few things could change. As young as I am, I feel that my teenage generation should stop all violence, stop being influenced by what they see and hear, the world could be a completely different place if we focused on the more important things in life .
Censorship in libraries can be positive or negative. I think it's because you @MONTH1 probably don't want your kids to read something. But there may also be some things you do want them to read. Age groups can play an important role in censorship because there are things you don't want to see your kids read when they're young. But if it's censored, they won't even be able to read it when they grow up. It all depends on what's in the books, music, movies and magazines. If you find something offensive that you've read in a book or seen in a magazine, @MONTH1 is no offense at all. That's why I think censorship is good and bad. I'm sure @MONTH1 has something you've read that doesn't offend you, but it @MONTH1 still offends others. In my opinion, censorship can be a good thing when the content in books, movies, magazines and music is inauthentic and @MONTH1 offends more than a small group of people. Suppose there are two books on the same real topic. The material for the first book is well written, and @MONTH1 has objectionable material all over the place. The second book was also well written, but @MONTH1 not everyone was there The whole story @MONTH1 was different from what happened because they reviewed it because it couldn't be in the library. Which would you rather read? Personally, I'd rather read @MONTH1's book with some offensive material but the full story of what happened. Let's say you're the author of a book, and you've put in a lot of hard work and dedication to get it done and get it published. Do you want your book to be on the library shelf? I know I will, but if you're writing about what's going on in your life that might offend people, they @MONTH1 don't allow that book to sit on a library shelf. If the things in the book are real or in real life. So why show your kids an unreal book? I'm not saying go buy your kids a war book to read at a very young age. When reading a book that someone has put in a long time and a lot of hard work, you are researching their point of view. Maybe the perception of what happened is very different from yours, but it can be a good thing. Even with objectionable material, books, movies, magazines and music can still be good for some people and bad for others. I've been to the library and found books that interest me, some of which I think might offend others. If the content of books, movies, magazines and music is untrue and objectionable, it should definitely be censored. But if it's censored, it should only apply to a certain age group. I also went to the library and bought some true story books that some might find offensive, but that doesn't mean it deserves censorship. A book in @MONTH1 that contains material that may be "bad" to some. That doesn't mean they'll start using offensive language that might appear in the book after they've read it. It's all up to people's opinion, if they find a book objectionable or contains some "bad" material, then don't read it and find something you don't find objectionable. Overall, what we read, watch and listen to at @MONTH1 is not all bad, even if it contains some objectionable material. For some it may be bad for others, it may be part of their life. If I have a story to tell, it takes me a long time to write it. I want it to be read, seen and heard. Reviewing @MONTH1 is good for some people and bad for others. If you're someone who always likes happy endings, then censorship might be good. However, if you want the entire story to be non-fiction or fiction, then censorship is not for you.
If they are objectionable, they should be removed from the shelf, as small children won't get them. I don't think they should be there and the first place because almost everyone goes to the library. If I find offensiveness, they're likely to be shut down, or whoever ever brought them up will be fired. Children should never see them or know them. Offensive books, music, movies, magazines are not often found in libraries that children go to. I think most people get mad at the school or the library because they got them. Most matchmakers go and talk to those who do. But if this happens to me, if my kids come home with an objectionable magazine or anything, I'll ask them where you got it and go talk to the poete who runs it. Most people who create these things get mad at the kids, and it's not their problem that someone does it. The first thing they should do is use @NUM1 or higher on library books, movies, magazines, and music. They shouldn't be kids going to read books or anything like that. They're supposed to be where people @NUM1 or older get them, but I still don't think they should be there. But if the attack happens in a library, people should take them to court, offensive books, movies, magazines and music
Do you think certain materials, such as books, movies or music, should be taken off the shelf if found offensive? I do believe it. The reason is that some places, like libraries or shops, may have a lot of books, movies or magazines that may involve offensive content, such as violence or other bad things. If they read an objectionable book, or if a child sees a movie that involves violence, a lot of things can affect readers. One reason I think books should be taken off the shelf is if they are found offensive, because what if a reader is reading the book and they find a word that offends them? Or what if they read a book and it talks about bad things? Or maybe a kid can read a book and learn bad stuff. A lot of things happen while reading a book. Many people sometimes feel very offended if the book talks about religion, race, or anything related to personal life there. That's why I think books should be taken off the shelves so people aren't offended. Another reason is if children or minors rent movies, or parents rent movies. Then the kids might want to watch the movie and they don't know what the movie is about. The child may see something bad, or may see a lot of violence. Sometimes parents don't really realize what their kids are looking at. So it's important for them to learn and observe the kids there. In movies, anyone can see a lot of bad things that can affect anyone or offend anyone. So I don't think they should put movies on the shelf that would hurt or offend certain families or parents, especially kids. Magazines can also be off-putting to a lot of people. Whenever you go to a store, you always see magazines on the shelf or elsewhere. It's either talking about singers, people getting divorced, violence happening around the world, arrests, or maybe even a bad image that anyone can see. This would be a bad thing, especially if a kid picked up a magazine with bad stuff in it. That's why they shouldn't have magazines with bad stuff in public. Or adults shouldn't buy a certain type of magazine because they never know what their kids will see. So I think there are many reasons why people should delete certain books, movies, magazines, or anything that involves offensive content. All over the world, you see something that might offend you or anyone else, just by seeing something in a movie, by listening to a song, or even by me reading a book. It's not a good idea to have something like this in some places (like a library, store, or whatever). Especially when someone sees a bad book title or hears a song with a lot of bad words, they feel very offended. It would be a mistake to have something like this that would offend a lot of people. If I read a book and it talks about my race or religion, will I find it offensive? People should ask themselves this question before reading a book or watching a movie. Therefore, they will decide whether books, magazines or music should be removed from the shelves.
Yes, I do think certain books, movies, music, etc. should be removed. For children who cannot be found in the area, they should be placed in a different location. Because some of the materials in the listed objects may trigger undesirable behavior. To prevent items from being discovered by children, keep them in separate areas. Some places that children can't reach. Like in a high place, like the top of a shelf, or a closet, maybe an attic. For better safekeeping, put certain items in a personal safe that you think might give your child a bad idea. A place where no one can take things out. It is important for older adults to see, hear, or see certain items. For example, books can provide children with pictures to do things that are not correct at their current age. Music can talk about what that person did and make that kid want to do it because they might think it's cool for the artist to do it. For magazines, they show articles about rappers, actors, and other celebrities doing the wrong thing. Be a bad example to your children. Now for materials, they should be hidden in a place that a child would not think to look at. Because these materials can sometimes harm children and may even put them in the hospital. From experience, I've touched or picked up some material that I shouldn't mess with, and it hasn't turned out well. From that experience, I learned not to touch things I know I can't mess with. That's why it's important to keep certain items out of your child's sight. Because the result may not be what you want. Serious action may come from these objects, and then from the same child, either listing it, seeing it, or looking at it. Therefore, make sure that the item cannot be placed in the hands of children
I think some things in the library should be taken down if found objectionable, but not all. One of them is anything that undermines or demeans a person's religious beliefs. Another thing could be anything involving racial stereotypes or overt racial comments. Anything that includes this content may cause conflicts inside and outside the library. Another thing that can, but not entirely, be removed from library materials might be books that express violent or criminal behavior. This type of material should only be offered to older audiences. I think anything that contains defamation or judges the religious beliefs of others should be removed from library shelves. Over time, people have paid more and more attention to religion. Having said that, I don't think anyone wants to read a book or watch a movie in which something they believe will be made fun of or rejected. @MONTH1 may not seem like harmful material at first glance, but when your customers come back angry and frustrated with what they read and see, your opinion @MONTH1 changes. Avoiding this conflict with your clients and keeping this material outside of your library is a better option, unless you want to deal with complaints and cost arguments. Another thing that needs to be removed is racial material. Racism has always been one of the biggest problems in the world and it affects us all, no matter who it is against. Imagine a book in your library that calls all black teens a problem, or a book that says all Arabs are dangerous and racist, aren't they? Now imagine if your client is of one of these two races, that's not a good photo at all. Taking these stereotypes and harmful speech off of library shelves is a great business choice that will please all clients. The last thing we want is for clients to say "those people are racist!". Finally, I think books expressing violence and criminality should be censored for minors. Children always follow what they hear or see. Since they are still at a stage where they rarely do things their own way, they @MONTH1 imitate or copy what they see. Another issue surrounding this is peer pressure, which will make more and more children engage in these behaviors. If this happens, many parents will be outraged and blame the library for providing these materials to their children. So your best bet is to keep this material away from minors if it's included in your library
A lot of people I know would be very upset if there were no books on the library shelves. I think there should be some repulsive books for who wants to read a book that is boring and not exciting. Libraries should put labels on books so that when people go to look at books, there is a label that says this book @MONTH1 is not for sertin people, my language is bad. That's just an example. The library should have sections for adults and children, possibly books of various genres like murder and mystery. This also applies to movies, music and magazines. I love flipping through books in the library, you never know what will happen to a book
Do you think we should review our library? I say no because if we had censorship there would be very few good books and magazines and movies because in today's world everyone is offended by something. For example, in action, horror, and comedy, there may be gore, fiddles, and curses. This sometimes makes the movie good. Even in some books there is therapy and violin. Some @MONTH1 even looked provocative. For example, in @ORGANIZATION1, the book reuses n words. Even the same magazines like Vogue, Sports and the same car magazines are seen as provocative. If I walk into my local library and see all my favorite movies, books, and magazines, I'll never go back. I'm not talking about putting adult books in the elementary school library. But in public libraries, it can have such books. Can you imagine a library with censorship? It will be empty.
Today, when we enter the library, we all have a wide variety of books to choose from. Some are children's books, while others are for more mature readers. Many parents are afraid that their child will read a book that @MONTH1 is not for their child. The problem is, if everyone removes books they deem unacceptable, there won't be any books in the library for us to enjoy. What makes a book unreadable? Could it be the language, the graphics scene, or the really scary part? Many believe that such a book should not be read by anyone. Removing a book from the library will be done by one person's opinion. It's not fair because we all have the right to a free press, which means anyone can post whatever they want, and everyone has the right to read it. By removing books from your library, you are violating not only the rights of authors, but the rights of readers as well. Unfortunately, some books @MONTH1 scares kids. When kids read, it's hard for them to realize they're just reading. Many children take every word of the story and bring it to life. Not only does this scare kids, but it's hard to explain that what they're reading in the story isn't true. As more and more such books are published, the more likely it is that children will read these objectionable stories. I think it is wrong to remove books from the library based on opinions. I know that leaving these types of books to children can cause problems, but libraries are usually set up in sections. For example, there is a section for children, a section for teenagers, and a section for adults. This helps kids stay in an age-appropriate zone. I think parents should go to the library with their children when they borrow books if they are worried that their children will read objectionable books. Public libraries are designed to accompany a wide variety of readers. There will always be books that some of us find offensive. Removing books from the library will only reduce the number of books available; if this happens, there will end up with no books for anyone to enjoy.
No, I do not know. I say there is some material for adults, teens and children. Kids don't want adults, adults don't want kids, teens don't want kids, but they @MONTH1 want adults and that's ok. They'll be coming of age soon and they @MONTH1 will be interested. There is nothing wrong. If parents don't want teens or children to read that kind of material, then they should go to the library with them and ask them to get your approval before looking at books, magazines, or whatever they want to read at the time. The movie is samje each age group has different material some age groups @MONTH1 are interested in other age group material, that's ok, it's not wrong, just means more mature, interested or interested in letting them explore, they will They will discipline themselves if the material is suitable for them
Offensive Books! Have you ever wondered why students read what they have now? They read books about sex, guns, etc. because they think it's exciting and guess what it isn't! The authors who make these kinds of books want you to buy them because they want their money, but they never think about children. Kids will now read anything because of these things. I think such books should be removed because you don't want your kids to grow up reading such books and then when they have kids they won't want the same books. A lot of parents don't care what their kids read, as long as they read with them, it's not great, it's very wrong, I don't want a great writer to use bad language, and they think it's okay to do ! That's why kids behave the way they do now because of books, movies, etc. I think they should really stop making these books or have their own store and go there like adults and buy these books or whatever they want. I don't think kids want to read those types of books anyway because they don't want to learn those things, but some of them do, and I don't think that's right at all. That's why kids should read a really good book, not judge a book by its cover! @NUM1
Library censorship can negatively impact libraries. Parents have different opinions on books, music, etc. One parent @MONTH1 has no problem with a book that contains some swear words, but another parent may think it's not something they want their child to pick up and read before they start using the language. But if the library reviews that book and takes it out of the library, it will have a big impact on people because if someone really likes that book, but now the library won't let it in because someone complains about it library. Libraries lose people because books are censored. Everyone may not agree on a different topic, they want a certain book, music, movie or magazine to be censored. But if one complains and the book no longer exists, does that mean the library will now be empty. A @MONTH1 childless person might say, '@CAPS1 A little joke can hurt. Jokes not intended for children under the age of @NUM1 to read, hear or watch. But parents may be upset that their children hear, read, or even see these things, and may take them out of the library. When a student @MONTH1 needs to go to the library to find their subject, they have to do research for the school and can't find any or even a good book on the subject because the person who thinks the book is objectionable has removed it from the library deleted in. Students can get frustrated and don't know what to do and must get the most out of all their research from @CAPS2. If their teacher/professor says they need more than one source and all their information cannot be obtained from just a computer, they also need a book, magazine or newspaper source. But because of the subject they're working on, people who can't find the information they're looking for are upset. Yes, some books, music, movies, magazines, and sometimes newspapers are not suitable for children under @NUM1, or even teens. This is why the library is divided into sections for different age groups. Still how these parts keep our kids from reading something out of place. Parents should know that when they enter the library, they should look for signs on the walls, if the library doesn't have signs telling them what area they will be entering, all they have to do is grab a few books from the shelves and read the covers or cover to see what type of books are in the rest of the section. It shouldn't be difficult to find these sections, as there are usually toys and puzzles in the children's section, as well as children's themed walls. Censorship not only removes books, music, movies, magazines, etc., it also leaves our libraries empty. Many people have different views, and his views may differ from hers. From teenagers to young adults, from teachers to children, from parents to non-parents. Everyone is different and no one person can represent the whole world. That's why censorship doesn't work in our library.
Many people have had a heated debate about what they think is appropriate for children and teens to read, watch and listen to. In this topic, there will be discussions and logical explanations of what some people think are the right things children should be exposed to. First of all, kids should not watch @CAPS1 or even @NUM1 rated movies if there is vulgar, pornographic, violent, etc. content. Even if some parents allow this, these movies and magazines can still have a huge impact on a child, probably about how they behave in his or her future. Second, kids still have plenty of movies to watch and learn from that can make them better in education, careers, and more. Finally, teens and young adults exposed to such movies, books, music or any other media entertainment-based teens are more likely to make destructive decisions than those without entertainment. While this is not always the case, it does increase the chances of bad decisions and it does have an impact on young people. In conclusion, young people, teens and children should not watch media that contains vulgar, pornographic, violent, etc. content without parental supervision and permission.
In the library, there should be control over the specific types of books, magazines or movies that children should be able to read. Like movies, are we going to let @NUM1 year watch a movie rated @CAPS1 let alone make him/her watch porn. No, that is completely wrong. The same goes for magazines and books. The magazine has some age-inappropriate images that can be easily picked up and viewed. Books and kids minds are very imaginative, they @MONTH1 have no pictures in them, but kids still give them a little more credit than we do. Me, I will know this because as a kid my brothers got a rated @CAPS1 movie called "@CAPS3's @CAPS4". After watching all the @NUM2 movies available at the time, I couldn't watch the dolls the same way again. Whenever my mom got rid of the dolls she used to have, some of the dolls' eyes moved. I always sit on the side of the car and the doll is as far away from me as possible. To prevent other kids from experiencing what I did, the local library should create sections in the library that include your kids section, teen section, and adult section. So you can easily tell the kids to only go to the teens or kid's area. This should also be how movies and magazines are organized. I know some people won't agree with me, but I have to ask them in return. Do you have a better idea? Now to get rid of what might be objectionable in our library. I would say we keep it, our kids need to understand our culture so they can survive in it. They need to know that even if society tries to cover it up, there are still racists. @CAPS3 can't block other people's opinions. If our children are to grow up, they need to experience or at least know what bullying is. Maybe learn what an atheist is, or find out for yourself what a sexist is. Some of it is inappropriate, so I agree that kids need to find this out at a certain age, but you can't keep it out of their lives forever. That's why it's best not to throw away books that mention these things.
Library review has you ever come across a library that made you say, '@CAPS1! This is inappropriate! If so, I believe you are not alone. Just the other day, I was in the library. There are posters all over the place with a new movie available for rent right now. I remember seeing the commercials for this movie on TV looking rather offensive. How could they allow such a thing to be exhibited like this? How does this affect the minds of our youth? My thoughts on this topic are clear, although I am sure I will receive some backlash, considering everyone has their own opinion on the subject. I do know that libraries have age restrictions on rentals, but what about these posters all over the place? You don't necessarily have to rent material to be destroyed by it. I believe there should be a separate section for this material. Another example of library rental that can be detrimental to intellectual development is @CAPS2. New music sometimes contains obscene or inappropriate lyrics that have no place in the library. Even some @CAPS2 covers should be removed in the public interest. It's interesting how these things slide past the library. I once saw a young man through a rental @CAPS4 with "Parent Consultation" on the cover! Nobody stopped him. The same goes for books. Disturbing covers and titles are found throughout the library. No one even wants to sift through these books before they hit the shelves. So, when do you think someone will take action on library censorship? It's hard to say, but I'm a firm believer that it's up to protesters like us to stop this. I hope you'll join me in this epic censorship fight to keep our youth safe
I personally don't think books or magazines etc with offensive content should be removed as they give people something to read. Most people don't want to read @CAPS1 or fiction. Some people want to read about crime, mystery, and action. There are a lot of good movies out there, but I agree that some of them are too offensive for others. I promise those films with a comedic tinge will be recorded. For example: @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is very offensive to some people. The only reason people think the film is offensive is because they are stubborn people with no life. I can believe that some literary material offends people, but critics don't think they are offended by people who have read books that offend the offended person. For some, books about war are too graffiti. But those books about war might be books about history. I'm just starting to notice people trying to get rid of books they don't like. But the folks back at @DATE1 don't care what's in the library. They just want to read something. I say leave the library alone!
Censorship in libraries is a big problem in the world today. Many authors now use offensive methods and terminology to persuade their readers. However, many do not. All authors have the right to publish their wishes, but there are restrictions on where books can be placed and who can view them. If a library accepts aggressive types of magazines, books, music, movies, etc., they should definitely be kept out of the reach of children. Like many libraries in town, there is a children's section and an adult section. Any material found offensive should be placed in a special area of the adult area and customers should be warned in some way. Since everyone has their own opinion on what is right and what is wrong, a dedicated group should be assigned to keep offensive material separate. Anyone who borrows anything at the library @MONTH1 has the right to bring that particular book or movie to the attention of the person in charge. By sticking to this approach, offensive materials can be kept away from those who don't want to see them. Items that contain vulgar language are unfair to most people. However, most people still have the opportunity to view these materials. Everyone has the right to do what they want, but, from personal experience and growing up in a family where I was taught right and wrong, people deserve dignity and respect. Regardless of our skin color, size, appearance or personality, we are all created equal, as our Constitution says. Therefore, we should only look at what will be perceived by everyone. After all, everyone wants to be treated well, right?
Public libraries should be able to hold all kinds of content for all kinds of people. I feel very strongly about my statement because everyone in this world is different. Many people have different interests, religions and customs. If we took certain books and music out of the library, it would defeat the purpose of calling it a public library. But if we had different sections for books, music, etc, people would be able to find what they wanted/need more easily and no one would worry about being offended. It's not fair to anyone in this world if we take out certain books and materials because a person is offended.
In this shared age, people have different views on the idea of libraries Some people see the library as a place to learn, express yourself and be free. Others thought it was a dangerous and potentially very inappropriate place for minors. These two views can lead to interesting debates. People go to the library because they want to either leave or just be free and get a good book. There are plenty of books to choose from, but you need to be careful when browsing. Some books, while good, may not be suitable for certain ages, and that's when the controversy comes. Parents think that libraries encourage inappropriate borrowing of books, but that's not the case. It's all about book placement, and that's what most librarians will tell you. They don't encourage children to go and see, but they have every right to go and see. It is also unknown that what offends one person may bring joy to another who may be from a different racial or ethnic background. In my opinion, the so-called offensive books or magazines that these parents complain about should not be removed from the library. Those books are there for a reason, they're not there to offend; so why take them down? I think one way we can monitor these kids from books that their parents think might be harmful to them is to have rules that say kids have to be with adults in certain parts. Not only will this stop the fact that the kids check out the fact that it is inappropriate for them, but it will also allow parents to stop complaining and the controversy will end. People need to stop thinking of the library as a place to bring negativity, but a place to make kids happy. Remember, it's built for people who love to read, so people can have a place to do so. Why complain? Find the positive in what it brings instead of looking down on it. Bring back the feeling that the library brought to you as a child.
Most modern books, movies, music, etc. do well to put a warning on the cover in the form of "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". But the books @MONTH1 before this practice started happening were found to be more offensive than the books today. why? Well, that's because many books from the past used words that are considered offensive today. But those books, movies, and music aren't as wrong as parents try to make it seem. There are some examples of how each category is in today's society. Take for example the book "@CAPS3 by @ORGANIZATION1" by @PERSON1. In that story, there are some words used to describe the people of that era. . Back when @PERSON1 wrote the book, it's perfectly fine to use those words to describe those people, but in today's modern world, that's a book that's been on the list for being banned. It's offensive to use the word on people today, so parent groups and others are trying to get the book off the shelves, hoping to erase what's been done in the past. I don't think a book should be banned because of its content, but how well it teaches readers through its words. If it can teach students in high school or college classes the history and culture of that era, then it shouldn't be banned at all. It should be read. Movies have a rating system for a reason. Some movies are not suitable for younger audiences. People must be of a certain age to "legally" rent, buy or watch such films. Not many people listen to that system, even though it's been around for years. Horror movies are not for the young @CAPS15 who believes everything she sees on @CAPS4. A movie shouldn't be banned just because it gives @CAPS15 nightmares or leaves them emotionally unaware of what's right and wrong. That's the parents' fault. They were the ones who got their @CAPS15 to watch that movie in the first place. So the movie should not be responsible for @CAPS15. If the movie was meant for a more mature audience, that's how it should stay. This brings us to music. There is a lot of music in this day and age that can be considered very offensive. There are only a few "pure" types without the curse used in many other types today. But children, teens, and adults all find their favorite type, and you can't change their minds at that point. The government has ordered that all music containing harsh text, creepy graphics, creepy scenes and other objectionable elements must have stickers. Black and white "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" stickers. When parents see this hashtag on @CAPS7, @NUM1 downloads, or whatever their @CAPS15 is using, they know their @CAPS15 is probably not the right one to listen to. It doesn't mean that parents are actually listening all the time, but it means that there is a little chance that their minds won't be polluted by "garbage." So, in conclusion, I don't think movies, books and music that contain "offensive" material should be removed from the shelves. Just because it's offensive to one person doesn't necessarily mean it's the same to another. Things are rated for a reason, to prevent kids from seeing them and to help address the harshness of today's society. People will still argue that books like "@CAPS3 in @ORGANIZATION1", "@CAPS3 in @PERSON2", "@CAPS10 in @CAPS11" should be banned. They will always object that movies like "@CAPS12 on @CAPS13 @CAPS14", "@DATE1 @NUM2" or "@CAPS16 on @CAPS15" should be taken off store shelves because it brings them @ CAPS19 or it gave them @CAPS15 nightmare because they saw it. They will always try to argue that artists like @CAPS17' @CAPS18, @LOCATION1 and @CAPS19 @CAPS20 are not suitable for their @CAPS15. Well, this pattern has been going on for many years. These books were made years ago, these movies are for an adult audience, not a young @CAPS15, and these artists just want to make money like everyone else. So when parents try to argue over what should and shouldn't be on the shelves, remember that it may be the parents' fault for letting their @CAPS15 see it in the first place.
What do you want your child to see in their public library? We all know there are things we don't want our younger generation to see, like books, pictures, and movies. This is what @CAPS1 parents are so careful about with computers, what their kids can use. Each situation has its pros and cons, but in the @CAPS2 case, if you analyze the pros and cons, you can draw accurate conclusions. When you and your kids go to the library, the kids will run to do whatever they want, usually to the kids' area. Let's face it, kids don't want to read adult books. Once your child learns to read, you may have bigger problems. As kids get older, they want to be able to do more things like watch old movies, read harder books, and check out what they want on a computer. I'm sure the first thought might be to censor the library, take away horror films, ban excerpts from books. That might be fine at first, but what about adults who have the right to read and watch whatever they want? Libraries are free, does that mean that if our society doesn't like a book, movie or magazine, then adults have to go elsewhere to pay for a particular book or movie instead of borrowing it for free at a public library. It can work, but if a kid is going to see bad stuff in the library, what will stop him/her from looking at them in the bookstore? Another problem is banning books. Where @CAPS2 is a classic that past generations have read in school. @CAPS1 Have we decided to take these books away now? This makes it seem like the younger generation can't handle it, or the past generations have something to hide. The definition of a classic is a work that has stood the test of time. Does it just end here and now? @CAPS1 Will we take the classics away? Let's face it, if the classics aren't read in schools today and the next generation won't read them, what keeps them from being forgotten? Some parents of banned books will look at it and say, '@CAPS1 Is this going to be banned? I don't remember anything bad. @CAPS2 Classic banned books are written in @DATE1, @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 or @CAPS6 @CAPS7. Society was different back then. When you read a classic, it's like a history book, showing us how it lived during the time it was written. Usually the book gets banned for bad language and people are supposed to take it out of our schools, but they miss the point. That's what happened back then, who are we going to hide from? Does this mean I think anything should be in our public library? not at all. Some magazines can be avoided or placed away from young children's eyes. Horror movies don't have to be taken out completely, just put them in different sections. If parents are worried about their kids making money on the internet, there's nothing stopping them from watching their kids while they're using the computer. I think libraries may have censorship, but sometimes our society goes overboard. As long as we keep an open mind and make the right decisions for our children and grandchildren, we can make our country a safe and educational place to learn
Have you read something that you find offensive, disturbing, or irritating? Do you think certain books should not be allowed in libraries because of their content? Today, many books, music, movies and magazines contain content that is harmful to society or portray a bad image of certain social groups. In @DATE1's society, there are many different groups of people, and many of them have their own opinions on how they see different things. For me, when I think about the library, I think about how all the different age groups go to the library, the many different groups of people there, and the types of books that are there. With all this in mind, I think public libraries should allow everything, but I do think there should be separate places for books, magazines, and movies that should only be used by adults. I think it's because if you remove all the things that are "bad" or "offensive" to you, you're likely to upset people who find them interesting or enjoy reading them. In this case, people don't go to the library anymore because they can't read what they like to read or are interested in. With that said, it's a good thing to group books by age, because that way younger kids running around the library don't pick up things they shouldn't be looking at. I also believe it will benefit them because if someone goes into the library looking for a book and doesn't really know what to do, they go to where their age group is; then they can see all the content recommended for them . From my own experience, I know that I've read some books and read some magazines that I probably shouldn't because I'm too young. That doesn't mean they need to take them off the shelf, but probably they should be placed where people my age can't find them. So the next time you go to a library and see something that offends you, remember that there are many different people in this world who might find something you find offensive and interesting
Yes, there are a lot of books out there with graphics and sexual phrases, and a lot of worried parents about what the library might let their kids read. A good idea is to place age restriction signs in certain areas of the library, which necessarily means that children will listen to that sign. We all know porn will stay away from the library if they stay in the library right now, so it's not something parents should worry about. I think the library should be divided into several parts. There are kids editions, teen editions, and adult editions, but I don't think adult editions should stay away from teen editions because when we say adult books or magazines, everyone wants it to be one thing, porn. It should still be some kind of book with some kind of censorship. There should be doors blocking every entrance to every book, and in order for them to show the librarian some proof of age to be able to enter these sections, except the children's section. The children's section is the section that all children can use because we know that this section of books is not harmful to children. I think that with this sense of security, parents can reduce the stress and worry about their children's safety and mental insecurity. There are plenty of other ideas to explore in order to be able to try to preserve books through some kind of censorship, but most of them are not feasible. I don't think musocs and movies should even be in the library, just leave them to other stores, better let the store handle it than the library. Librarians may not even know about half the CDs that are likely to be checked out. So if you don't have these at all it's best. Consider these ideas I just presented to you. I personally think blocking certain books with a door would be a good plan of use as it would prevent certain children from accessing these areas. Some other parents or people may have their own ideas and it would be nice to hear their voices or have some announcements about them around town
See it's a plane, it's a bird, it's a... harmful word. There are many times I've read an article, whether it's a magazine article, book, or newspaper, and I've come across harmful words. They @MONTH1 are not bad for me, they are bad for other readers. People have their own opinions on different viewpoints, so a word or paragraph might affect me differently then someone else. I don't think it's the material I think it's the maturity of the readers that differs. This is how a harmful word becomes a name, and then peers refer to the word as other peers. For example, the word "wetback" in the biography about @CAPS1, can be there, it's when readers insert it the wrong way, they think it's funny and cool to walk around and call someone the word, especially people of that race. That's when I think material like this shouldn't be on the shelves, but it's back to maturity. These words or paragraphs can be harmful to someone who hasn't even read it, but because someone proactively starts calling someone that word or associates that paragraph with them. Books can and are very reliable sources for students who are working on a class project, and I think there are certain topics in books that make these words hurt. Books about certain races can get infamy in schools because they read it in a book and think it's okay because the book describes a person in that way doesn't mean the reader can start with that words to address others. Other topics like "sex" in the book may also intervene in the wrong way. Some teens think it's okay because the characters in the book are doing it, so they and their significant other can try it. Whether it's leaving the book on the shelf or taking it down, it's still a matter of name calling. So other measures will be taken and then the material will be removed from the shelf to find a solution to this problem
Censorship is a very big topic. Some people think there is too much sex in a book, while others think it is suitable for the general public to read. Sometimes people want other people to make decisions based on what they read. People need to decide what they do and don't want to read and see. First, people assume that other people cannot decide for themselves what they want to read. They block books because they think it shows kids a side of things they don't want them to see. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 books are blocked because they have witchcraft and they are afraid people will start trying to do it. @CAPS3 the grapes are tied up because they are slavery inside. Even though slavery was a big deal, they still didn't want any young people to have it. Second, some music and movies should be banned. Music has become a way for people to express themselves. Recently they have gotten to the point where they can talk about drugs and "hosing". A song I just saw was called @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7. Now, if this isn't sending bad news, then I don't know if it's good news. Movies and music are in the same boat. They are showing the violence that people can only have in their minds. @PERSON1 is a movie where I have a totally bloodthirsty miner in my head who is killing anyone who enters his cave just because he can. Although, we need to see what people have in the mind of @CAPS8. I know I'll be more careful when I'm out. In conclusion, @CAPS8 is not really a yes or no analyzer. @CAPS8 will always be what people call the exception. This is why people need to decide what they do instead of watching and reading
What race are you? What is your religion? What have you been taught? Almost anything like this can be considered offensive. So should these types of things be taken out of the library? No, these types of things are everywhere. You just can't get rid of them. You can find a lot of offensive TV shows and commercials today. An ad for @CAPS1 chewing gum with that @CAPS2 woman, some might find it offensive. You might ask, "@CAPS3", there might be a person with an illness who doesn't get that "clean feeling" and always has bad breath. The person may offend these ads. Another example might be a TV show like @ORGANIZATION1. Some @CAPS4 and other races are offended by these types of things. Does this really mean we should get rid of them? People all over the world are somehow offended by something, and the world is not perfect. Even if we did take out these types of offensive material in the library, it would still be visible. So what's the point? If you try to take it all out, like anywhere in the world, everything goes crazy. There is nothing perfect in the world, I believe if someone would go crazy. For example, in the movie "@CAPS5 @CAPS6", the protagonist finds a town that resembles "@CAPS7 @CAPS8" or a perfect society. Everything was fine in town at first, but then everyone was so perfect that he couldn't stand it and left. Your best bet is to keep these materials around, as you can't remove them from anywhere else. They also help children learn, how far can they go in life if you lock them up and know nothing? So should these things go away or not? what do you think?
Is there a song your parents didn't let you listen to when you were a kid? Did they yell at you and step on you when you sang this song because they told you many times before that you weren't allowed to listen? How about a movie you want to see because it's what everyone is talking about, but it's rated @CAPS1 so you're not allowed to watch it. The book on the shelf that you accidentally bumped into while working on a research project. Contains inappropriate language and terminology. There are a lot of media and books that parents don't want their kids to read. But in general, there are governments reviewing what's going on around the world. Reviews can have good and bad qualities. In my experience, I've noticed that people who know less tend to be happier than those who know more. But if you're able to read or watch these censored materials, you'll see the idea from a certain angle and probably agree with the person. Most news is about bad things, and little good news comes out. For example, if something happened to @LOCATION1 and thousands of people were used to test whether lions like to eat people, the government would censor messages to their own people for whatever reason. If a film is made that is racist against @CAPS2 people, the government may censor it. Things that look bad tend to be censored. I've noticed that people who read censored material feel special because they read or saw something that other people shouldn't know. If censored material is not censored, there is more freedom of speech. People also tend to get angry when they find out that material has been censored because they feel that something is hidden from them that could be valuable information. In reading, I noticed that societies that practice censorship tend to have angry citizens. But on the other hand, if they think it's good for society, then they accept the fact that it's bad for them. People also want to be empowered to make their own decisions. In a censored civilization, they don't know what's going on outside their borders, and are generally ignorant or deceived by their government. Censorship is good and bad. People tend to be offended when material is censored, but it's probably best for them. Hidden information can be good or bad, but mostly bad, and most people want to know the truth, not the lie. In general, censorship sucks and people should be empowered to make their own decisions about what they want to read or watch.
I kind of agree to take out books, music, movies, magazines, or any other material that might offend someone because it might be racial or it might not be child-friendly. I think it depends on the subject, maybe one thing might offend one person but not the other, so people should choose what they read wisely. It's not fair to take certain books off a library shelf because people have different interests in different topics, so say a book has something in it that some people don't think is appropriate but another thinks it's good, it It would be unfair to another person to take that book from the shelf. But I do disagree that inappropriate content in books or magazines are pictures and comics, as children should not be allowed access to books, movies or magazines that contain such content. But I also think a parent or adult should look at the standard before allowing a child to read or see it. So it depends on the type of content in the book, movie or magazine. Basically it's up to the person, if they don't like the standard in any of these things then they shouldn't look into it
Do you think some material should be removed from library books if someone doesn't like or agree with the theme or plot? Do you think a book should be banned from any public library just because someone has a negative opinion of what the book persuades its readers about? I believe everyone can choose not to read a book or magazine or even watch a movie if they find it offensive. "All of us can think of a book that we wish our children or any other children didn't get rid of the ego. But if I have the right to remove that book from the ego - the work I hate - then you have the same The right, and so do other people. And then we don't have any books about self left for any of us. @CAPS1 Quote Arthur Kathryn Patterson, in my opinion, I believe what she says is very true. Considering Everyone has a different opinion on a lot of things, and if everyone had the right to delete a book they didn't like or found offensive, there wouldn't be a wide variety of books for people to choose from. Sometimes I have to friends I'm interested in the book I'm reading and ask them if they think it's a good book. They'll either tell me it's a good novel or tell me it's horrible. Then I'll read a few pages and I'll think it's very OK. So if they have the right to remove that book, I'll never have a chance to read that book. I don't believe people should be able to remove a book from a shelf just based on their specific personality. Everyone treats books differently views or opinions. Everyone deserves a variety of
Have you ever been to the library and while looking for books you came across a book about slavery with strong language or teenage years that included alcohol, drugs and sex? In the library, you can find books for leisure, study, training, and books that are offensive to all kinds of people. Parents of children will be shocked by what their children read to adults, and they will find books offensive. While there are things in the library that are considered offensive, I think books, movies, magazines and music with offensive content should stay on the shelf because the internet is no different from offensive stuff in the library, big Most people don't mind the vulgarity and violence on the page, and there are some great books that some might find offensive. People have been writing and creating songs, movies and magazines for centuries. What was accepted "at the time" is now considered inappropriate for audiences and readers. There are many things in the library that can corrupt your child if you're not careful. Children who read about violence, drugs and other taboos are teaching them wrong. Parents and others have been concerned about library censorship. As hard as it is, parenting doesn't require the help of books, movies, and music to influence your child's bad behavior. Children are the future and they need to be taught the right way. An old librarian once told me that books take years to cherish because they will eventually be replaced by technology and all books, good or bad, will disappear. It's hard to even imagine how technology could replace all kinds of things in our lives, and how it's changed since it first became popular. How does this relate to offensive books? Like almost everything, the internet can be used for good and bad. Parents worry about their kids reading bad books, but keep their kids online, it's hard to tell how many inappropriate websites he/she might accidentally or intentionally visit. Books, music, and other objectionable things in the library are nothing compared to the internet. Protecting children from libraries full of adult content should be the least of parents' concerns. Even if they care about their children's minds when they walk into the library, they can filter what children watch and read. If anyone blames the corruption of the mind on anything, the internet is the real bad guy. Many people around the world have different tastes in a book they love. Good plot, good dialogue, interesting themes, drama, language, violence, drugs, alcohol and sex are all things people enjoy reading books. Their own perceptions of interesting things help them decide which books to read. Reading books is a passion for some people, and enjoyable books are a must for them. Without objectionable books, people would find it boring to read and would not be as popular as they used to be. I don't know about you, but I like books that are not boring. Most offensive books aren't boring, and the action is what gets my attention and keeps me reading. Great book that people have loved to read and keep reading for years. Even if they are considered objectionable, they provide the good detail that a good book needs. Tom @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 are known for writing scary, violent, creepy books that can offend others. You can choose not to read them or to read them. Books dealing with slavery @MONTH1 are just as offensive as @CAPS1. It does a great job of describing what it was like to be in slave times. Books, music, magazines and music should not be removed from the shelves as they are essential to daily life and reading. Some people need them to enjoy a good book.
Hi, my name is Mason and I'm writing about whether we should take the book off of ourselves and so on. People have different opinions on different things. Books, books provide different ways of learning for different people. The way I personally learn from books is not as good as the way I learn from the internet or TV, but books are nice to have occasionally. Everyone loves to sit down and read a good book every once in a while. Music doesn't really teach you anything, it relaxes you in a different way. Some people might learn from listening to music, but I'm not one of those people. It affects you being moved, let's say you're getting ready for a football game and you want to hype it, then some music can get you hyped for that game. When I sit and watch a movie, I can learn from it because I have the patience to sit and watch and learn from it, but it's just me, other people learn differently, but the best way for me is to watch a movie. They're straight to the point and don't waste time telling you what you already know. Magazines are helpful because their short essays are also straight to the point, which is what I love about magazines and movies. While there are few magazines that provide useful information, there are magazines that do provide a lot of help. So I think music should go off the shelves because they don't really teach you a lot, but books, movies and magazines do help you get to a certain level. Whether or not music should be taken down is up to other people, not just one person, because music can help other people in different ways, not just one way, but many ways
I'm a student at @CAPS1. I want you to know that I have also read some great and interesting books from the school library and the public library. The only problem is that my friends and family have some complaints about the books. Not only that, but I also saw books that were not suitable for children to read. I just wanted to let you know this because I kind of don't think it's a good idea for them to take the book out. I think so, because without books, fewer people would want to read than study. First, I want to talk about the complaints my friends told me about. One of them is that there are no good books to read in school and they want to take most of them and replace them with books they like. I'm thinking if they did, they would be the only ones going to the library because there are only options, not everyone. So what I'm trying to say is that if we don't have good books, students won't go to the library. If they don't get the books, then they don't do well in school and it affects the school. Also, about the complaint, a family member of my own saw a young girl in a public library reading a book that was not suitable for her. So instead of taking these types of books out, keep them in a room that's strictly off-limits to children. They should, because if you take it out, the book will never be used again. Another reason is that if they were to be taken out, another person might need information on the subject of the book and couldn't find it because it doesn't exist. That's why I think these types of books should be kept in a special room and not taken out. Finally, as I mentioned before, books do matter. That's why I'm against putting out books that other people don't like. If a person doesn't like a certain book/magazine, then they should only ask for the book/magazine they want to read. By doing so, the book can actually be used by others interested in it. So if we keep all the books, more students and people will read them. In conclusion, one might say that it is better to take out the book than to keep it. Well, in my opinion, they are wrong because it would be better to keep them. Even better, because someday these books will be useful, no matter how old they are. If they are the aforementioned inappropriate books, they should be in a good place. If it's not interesting enough, then requesting one is another approach. That's why I think it's wrong to take the books off the shelf, they should do the water so the books don't get to the waist
Some things in this world are relative. Censorship is one of them. Relative means that one person's point of view is different from another person's point of view. Censorship is when someone in power or an organization does not allow people to see things they deem inappropriate. A very important sentence for censorship is "what they believe". @CAPS1 Not suitable for what one person might be considered visible to another. This should not be decided by one person or even a group that believes they know @CAPS1 is socially acceptable or politically correct. Censorship in libraries is not a good thing. @PERSON3 and @CAPS2 walk into the library with a magazine on the shelf that says a man is standing on top of a 200+lb, 24lb, state-recorded, gun-wielding white-tailed deer. @PERSON3 believes in safeguarding his family and @LOCATION1's 2nd Amendment rights as individuals. Even if it means killing animals for resources. For some, there is pride in harvesting animals and knowing they provide the meat. @PERSON3 sees the magazine as an opportunity. He might learn tricks from magazines or find some new gear that he finds useful. On the other hand, @CAPS2 is conservative. She believes the killing is wrong and inhumane. She went to the store to buy meat from the freezer section. @CAPS2 doesn't want to know where her meat came from. She would think the magazine was inappropriate. Again, censorship has to do with the person viewing the material. Does this mean that just because @CAPS2 deems the magazine inappropriate, it should be taken down so that people like @PERSON3 can't read, appreciate and gain knowledge from it? This choice is up to @CAPS2 not reading magazines, not librarians. @CAPS2 takes responsibility for its own views and choices. She is entitled to them. @PERSON3 also has the right. Leave the choice to the reader. In the books section there are @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. @PERSON1 is a science and history fanatic. @PERSON2 favors religious books that explain some of the things the world says and the theology behind his religious beliefs. At the end of the row, at the top of the shelf is a book on evolution. @PERSON1 believes in this theory and thinks the book is interesting. @PERSON2 looked at the book and thought, 'That stuff isn't real. Why would anyone waste time reading it. Does this mean this book should be taken off the shelves because @PERSON2 won't read it. @PERSON2 should leave it. If he chooses not to, that's up to @PERSON2. Leave that choice to @PERSON2. On the desk is the librarian. They have their own views and opinions and have the right to express their opinions. However, books, music, movies and magazines displayed for viewing should not be selected because he or she likes or dislikes them, but because someone may be looking for information in that material. If left to them, the material may not be available to readers who need it. Censorship is a scary thing for libraries. It takes useful material from people. Censorship and many other things are relative. @CAPS1 What one person @MONTH1 deems inappropriate can be seen as perfectly fine to another. People make appropriate or unacceptable judgments about @CAPS1 based on moral values, character, and opinions that develop as life develops. The choice to read that magazine, read that book, or listen to that song should be made by them, not for them.
Have you ever thought that some of the things we read from the library and take home are not suitable for young children? Certain materials found in libraries are sometimes age inappropriate and even offend others. Not all books, music, movies, and magazines offend or condone something, but they also empower children to know things, or know things that should and shouldn't be learned in the library. Most music in today's society is rendered inappropriate by the use of sex, drugs, and violence. Last fall, when I was visiting my school library, I stumbled across a movie that I didn't think was appropriate for school and shouldn't be watched without parental verification. Anything about sex and drugs can make teens and children do it right away, even if they've read, heard, or seen it at school. As I walk through town, the first thing I see a teen doing that shouldn't be, the first thing he/or she says is "I heard it on the movies". Most public libraries have inappropriate movies, books, music, etc. on the shelves but should not be welcome to young children. Most librarians are too busy to look at the entire library, but can make sure it's safe and away from teenagers. Most of the time, children will read things that look interesting and interesting. Books that condone violence today have guns, drugs and pornography on the cover, making it hard for kids not to want to read it. In school libraries @PERCENT1, all books are age-appropriate, but in public libraries, it's not because public libraries are not just for kids, but adults too. Some books shouldn't be on shelves, but rated things should. In conclusion, the library needs to observe what is being checked, no matter who it is from, and should ask for the Id.
Nothing in the world is strictly black and white. Everyone is different and thinks differently. So when some people decide that a particular word or topic should be restricted, there will always be another who says the exact opposite. Sometimes what is considered "vulgar" is introduced only for educational purposes. Also, it's about the foundation on which our country was built, which is freedom of speech and freedom of the press. Magazines, music, books and movies are mostly for entertainment. Everyone who reads or watches something accepts it differently, and to different effects. Suppose there is a @NUM1 year old girl who just started high school. During lunch, she slipped and dropped the food from her plate. Later that day, when she was alone in her favorite magazine, she was reading an article about an embarrassing story in which a girl accidentally walked into the boy's bathroom. Some parents @MONTH1 thought it was inappropriate, but it made the little girl feel better about her situation. Screwing up and going crazy is human behavior; we're not inherently perfect. So when we see any kind of media turning mistakes into comedy and drama, people realize that we are not the only ones going through these events. Censoring books and TV is like claiming that nothing bad happened. Not that a novel about brutal murder should be given to a small child, but it shouldn't be pulled off the shelf all together. The topic of school censorship is also a very sensitive one, especially for young children. As Katherine Paterson points out, if every parent has the right to delete books they deem inappropriate, they end up with nothing. Many parents are upset at the thought of their children receiving things like sex education, but on the other hand, there are parents who appreciate it. They do it not because it saves time, but because some explicit subject - to a certain extent - can help someone mature if it's done in a controlled environment. Years ago, it was not uncommon to see censorship in the media. It can range from saying "intercourse" in place of "sex" to extreme propaganda or something. Our Constitution protects free speech for a reason. No matter how shocking @MONTH1 finds a topic, it usually has some type of informational purpose. Otherwise, it may not be published. Choosing what is offensive and not offensive is a matter of opinion. As mentioned earlier, no two people are alike, nor will their opinions be the same. So this means that if one person in a group is allowed to process or censor anything they deem necessary, it must be recognized that the rest will not be satisfied. This is often where people claim the law protects their free speech. In the end, media is primarily for entertainment. It offers a plethora of shows and articles with a wealth of topics. This shows that if people find something objectionable, it doesn't mean they have to rip it off the shelf and complain; it just means they have a chance to look elsewhere
@CAPS1 are many views of our country's censorship system. That's how our country is, we have a different perspective on everything we do. But we have to live with it, @CAPS1 is a lot of different perspectives from old, young, parents and kids. There are some books, music, etc. in the library @CAPS1, @MONTH1 will offend people. But we all have different opinions, so we can never listen to one student. Or it will spark a fight between people who disagree with him/her. I think people going into the library should be mature about what's going on in @CAPS1, otherwise they shouldn't be looking at anything they want to read in @CAPS1. The library is open to the public and shares a lot of knowledge with us. But if we get rid of all censorship then it denies people knowledge. The books they will get rid of will be because of the kids. Because parents don't want their kids to see @NUM1+ material that's not for them, they try to hide it. I think we should keep censorship because if we don't keep it, it will take away people's knowledge. And remind parents that some things in the library are not suitable for children's eyes, and make them responsible for what children see.
I don't think a random stranger should have the right to decide which books are allowed in public libraries. If they have questions about certain material in certain books, they should bring it to the attention of the library. The authors who wrote that book have freedom of speech and they can write whatever they want. If someone doesn't want their child to read a book, or read that book, then they should tell their child to stay away from it, and if they raise the child properly, he or she should respect the boundaries set by the parents. However, I think A line should be drawn about what is too graphic to display in a public library. Some magazines that contain graphic material are educational, like @ORGANIZATION1. On the other hand, I'm not saying we should fill the shelves with @CAPS1 magazines. There is a difference between books that teach kids about other cultures and books that teach kids about sexuality and explicitness. It is the job of adults to protect their children from such materials. But they can do it in another way than taking the book off the shelf. Even if the book is full of drugs or nudity, concerned parents can't just act. The owner of the library is an adult who can decide what types of books or magazines he or she allows in the library, not the patrons. I think if you are offended by a certain book in the library, you should get the owner's attention, or simply go to a different library. If the owner refuses to remove the item from the shelf and the material offends you, you can go to court and defend the judge. But you do not have the right to remove a book from a shelf that does not belong to you.
It's always a tough decision when picking books, music, movies and magazines from the library because @MONTH1, like me, wants to read multiple books at once. Books deemed offensive are more interesting than ordinary boring books. So why would someone pull a book off the shelf because it's objectionable? When kids pick books from the library, you want to make sure their kids' books and you @MONTH1 also want to check if they're educational. You definitely don't want a kid to get an adult book or a book that's objectionable in some way. So there is an adult part and a children part. When we walked into a library full of books, they had a huge variety of books. If books are taken off the shelves, we reduce our trips to the library because they are of no use. Why go to the library if you're not going to find a book there? The final reason for not taking books off the shelves is that people can't buy books from anywhere and apparently come to the library to borrow them. So taking the book away will only limit their learning and will not do them any good. I think the only reason objectionable books and anything else can be taken off the shelf is for children and safety. If libraries are considering removing objectionable books, they should hold a public vote to see what others think about it. If they decide to take books off their shelves, why not have an adult section in the library? Anyone @NUM1 or older can be there. So make it easier to find a book, don't take our offensive books completely away from us
"All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelves." Kathryn Patterson. Katherine Paterson is an author who, as she famously says, believes that some books should never reach children. Does everyone believe the same way, no. I'm one of the few people who think no one should have the right to delete a book just because they find it offensive. You are an old fashion woman who believes in old fashion ideals such as no curses or violence. You, as this woman, pick up a book and read the first page where you see the curse and decide to remove all books with violence or curses from the library. The library was soon half empty because of a woman and her faith. Belifs is a wonderful thing outside of reading that can make you the person you want to be. In my opinion, books have no faith. That's true for some books, but in a book where someone flees danger or takes to the sky, those are not beliefs, those are dreams, dreams that no one can shatter or not be aggressive. I liken books to dreams simply because they are dreams, the dreams of their authors, and they want to share that dream with the world. Telling one person they can't publish the book there just because another person finds it offensive is telling the author that your dreams are offensive. If you don't want your child to share this dream book, please don't let your child pick up this book. You are the parent of the child who picked up the book, then you can protect it from the aggressive dangers it has, just as you protect it from strangers in the real world. Authors don't always write for everyone. The author is not writing for a woman, a man, a child, but for those who share similar dreams. If you don't share the same dreams with the author, that's fine, no one is forcing you there to share sometimes dark, sometimes amazing dreams. Authors write because they want to write, to express themselves in a way that only words and stories can. Don't shy away from a book just because it offends you, @CAPS1 A book is someone's dream @CAPS1. In short, you will never crush your child's dreams. If your kid wants to grow up and be a firefighter, you don't tell them it's offensive to people so they can't. Why would you do something to the dreams of someone you've never met. Be a bigger person and let that person realize their dreams through stories. Regardless of the level of attack, you don't have to pick up a book and read it. The number one way to not be offended by @MONTH1 offending your book is to never read it.
Certain offensive material should be removed from shelves everywhere. I am against any material that is offensive or otherwise. The three main reasons I'm against this is because it's wrong to offend others, offend others can lead to personal problems, offend others or something else will eventually tire. It is wrong to write a book or a magazine, or make a movie just to offend someone or something. People should always treat others the way they want to be treated. For someone making negative lyrics about someone or something, it says something about who made the song. Maybe that person has a personal problem. To make that person ignore their personal problems, they make fun of others. Offending others can lead to personal problems. how? If someone keeps talking about you, or offends you every day, people can get frustrated. They can start to believe that they are nothing. I remember a girl in eighth grade telling everyone that I was a "garden tool" and that I would do anything for a little change. She also wrote a song that made fun of my looks every day. She actually recorded it and gave it out at school. People heard it and started laughing at me like followers. I quickly became depressed. I got so bad that I wanted to kill myself. I thought the world would be a better place without me. I had to see a psychiatrist to get over these thoughts. What other people do or say about you can have a bad influence on them. Last but not least, people eventually get tired of hearing bad things about someone. Victims get tired of being teased or talked about. People will stop listening to that negative crap. If people stop supporting the degrading stuff, the author has nothing to write about. The singer has nothing to sing about. Their careers will be in vain, because offending others has no future. There are many reasons why objectionable material should be removed from shelves in libraries, shops, and anywhere else. These negative comments will accomplish nothing in life. Offending people is wrong when I bring it out in my body, it can lead to personal problems and eventually become tired or old. Nothing good comes from making people feel bad. So again, this negative material should be abolished everywhere.
In my personal opinion, I think books that have things you don't want to read or that you find offensive should stay. Not that the person offended by it has to read it. Suppose you're in the library and you see a book that you think offends you. You think that book should be taken from the library just because you think it's objectionable, but you have to put yourself in another position. Just because you think a book is offensive doesn't mean everyone else will think it's offensive. That's why they set up age groups and grade levels so that a kid who loves picture books isn't stuck with a book that contains profanity or other adult content. Same concept as movies, magazines, music, etc. Take this for example. I was walking through the library when I saw a book called @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1 and I thought to myself this looks like a stupid book and I don't want to read it. I think they should throw this book away. Now let's see if that sounds fair. Maybe it was the kids' favorite book, and when he came in the next day, it was gone. How about this, let's say you go looking for your favorite book and you find someone finds it offensive, or someone doesn't like it as much as you do, so they throw it away. It seems unfair to do so. In conclusion, this is what I think is the idea of removing books that are objectionable or that some people don't like. I think they should keep it there because we shouldn't remove it based on our personal opinion.
There are bad books and there are good books. Some people find different books disgusted by what they do. Others like books that others don't. In a way, books are both bad and good. Good because it's better because people start reading after reading a lot, and bad because a lot of people don't like to read. I think when you go to the library, there should be some out of place books for people to read. Kids go to the library, what if they pick up a bad book and develop a horrible habit? Children and adults have very different perceptions of what to read. Children want to read fairy tales etc. On the other hand, adults love mystery stories about murders, etc. Yes, the library allows people to consult any book they are interested in; but what if that book is not good for the kids lying there. It's simple, if you make sure you don't put your books anywhere, kids don't develop bad habits or discover anything they shouldn't know. Children are noise and they will try to read your book or see bad things in magazines. In the library, there are children's and adults' areas. This helps in a way, but your kids can still find that bad book etc at home. Parents can avoid doing this to keep their kids' minds safe, or questions about that book they found, etc. It's good to put things away when you're done, and keep every bad book, etc. away from your child's reaction. Books are good and bad. You can find the information you need, or things you really don't want to read or watch. There are things in books that we sometimes need to know and want to know more about. If your child finds a book that is misleading, make sure they are not reading or viewing it; and hide it away from them. Eventually, the problem will be solved.
Reviewing @CAPS1, you're struggling to find the right books, music, movies, magazines, and @MONTH1 came across something interesting. Should libraries ban certain books just because someone is arguing over a page? Does this person have the ability to read that book? Banned books have always been a big problem in today's society and need to be stopped. People should be at an age where they can choose their favorite books without worrying, does this library have the books I want? They shouldn't think that @CAPS1 goes to the library. @CAPS1 You've thought of some of the worst books that anyone would want to read anyway. A lot of books that people think are bad are just a scary word written on one page. They don't think they are forbidding others to read a very good book. @PERSON2's "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" caused a lot of controversy whether or not to put the book on the shelf. The book contains the word @CAPS4 and some people are not happy with the order. The book is well written, just has some bad words. If some bad word stops a book from being a winner. This book is a great story that should be read by a lot of people and shouldn't be in a pantry box. There are many ways to prevent a certain age from getting a certain book. Libraries can put these specific books in their own @CAPS5 section of the library. Putting books in different parts of the library might be a more appropriate approach, rather than banning books altogether. The book will still be censored if it's in that section, but we'll still have those wonderful books that we all love so much. What if there was an informative book on how to accomplish a task and no one knew how to do it? That book contains bad language, which might help us in the near future if the world's health and knowledge goes down because of some bad material in the book. The author has the same rights as we do. They should have a say in when @CAPS5's own book might hit the shelves. The government should not have all the say in this chain of things. The community and the author who wrote it deserve more of a say than anyone else. @CAPS1 An author wrote a novel and they thought of something great that they didn't think of in this great work of art, is it suitable for children to read. Authors just love to write and shouldn't think about everything they shouldn't worry about. The book we read this year is called '@CAPS5 @CAPS6 Are @CAPS7 @CAPS8'. The language of this book is something in the novel that I don't think is suitable for others. Now I think this novel should be banned by the library? No, because it uses those words in a very nonviolent way. @CAPS1 Reading it I don't feel like I was hurt by the content, nor did my classmates. @PERSON1 is the author of this book and I think she has done an excellent job of writing this literature. So next time you want to ban a book, think about all the warm hearts you might crush
In my opinion, everyone should have the right to go to the library and get whatever books, magazines, movies and music they want. People go to the library for many reasons, computers, books, etc. Public libraries are also handy for those who don't have a computer at home. This is a public library and you should be able to go there and find any book or movie you need. Everyone has different preferences for their book or movie and I'm sure people go to the library hoping they have what they want. Some people do go to the library and can't find what they're looking for there. Then people get mad because they think the library will have it and they don't. But yes, I think the library should have any type of magazine, movie or book you need. I mean it's a library and they should have everything. People also have the right to buy any book or movie they want. It's called freedom, everyone is different, and everyone likes different things. A few times I went to our library to find a book or a movie and they didn't have it. You might think the library would have a book or a movie instead of trying to train a toddler, but they don't. I think they should have any book, magazine, movie you want in the library. Yes, some people @MONTH1 are offended by this, but who cares they obviously don't want it, so leave it to get what you want. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean other people don't like it. So no, I don't think they should be removed from the shelves just because some people don't like them. So no, I definitely don't think any books, movies, magazines should be removed from the shelves. You are you, you like what you like, what others think, as long as you like it. So I think libraries should be good for everyone, keep books, magazines, etc. on the shelf for people who like to read or watch
I believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. People like books with offensive language or content, and people like to feel the dynamism or tone of the author. I personally like offensive language and if everything is censored it feels like everything is bland and fake. 'Your @CAPS1****** cheated me @CAPS2****', @CAPS3 You feel the physical shock. Now see if I censor it "you cheated on me @PERSON1" it feels boring and if you were cheated before you could possibly think of ten different things you would say different and uncensored. If your parents do not want their children to read or see this content, you should try to teach your children or keep your children away from this content. Instead of removing why not move them to the @NUM1+ part of the library. The @NUM1+ part will warn children and parents that if their parents don't want them exposed to reality, then that means they shouldn't be in that area. Libraries are usually divided into sections, but if not, if you ask your local library if they have sections for adults and children's books in the library, then they should tell you.
Censorship in @ CAPS1 @CAPS2, offense to some @MONTH1 not to others. So how do we know when to express ourselves in an artistic way we've come so far? We don't, which is why censorship is such a controversial topic. In the music industry these days, the messages in songs and music videos aren't the best for teenagers. Adolescence is a constantly turbulent time in one's life, and you need to make decisions that define you as a person. When there are songs out there about drug use and other crimes, teens see them as cool stuff and follow them because they see them as everyday activities that don't cause harm, but they have little idea that doing so will ruin their life, so I kind of agree with the censorship of this kind of thing. In literature and art, things are more serious than in music and other media. For literature, it's about conveying people's thoughts and feelings about a story or other subject. In art , you express yourself abstractly on canvas or through other materials and forms, but in both ways you express your feelings and expressions. So reviewing these will in turn review a voice and mood. When you take away a man's voice and emotions, you are left with the empty shell of a man who will never fully understand life. As the times change, I find that people have changed too. When @PERSON1 used the "@CAPS3-word" in some of his literature, it didn't offend people at the time, but times have changed. Now @PERSON1 using that word is a no-go, but on the other hand rappers and others can say it every other word in their music. So how do we know what's offensive and what's not? Well, it's all from the reader's, listener's or viewer's point of view. These days, parents try to keep their kids out of the world by censoring what they might read, hear, or see in their daily lives, making them look like rainbows and butterflies. This does not solve the world's problems, no matter how hard we try to stop it, there will always be war, crime and death, and as long as there is "good", there will always be "bad". In my honest opinion, all loyalty aside, I think censorship in @CAPS1 is a bad idea and will never solve the real problems of this world. It just masks them, like conversations or images they desperately want to disappear.
Even though this is a new era where ebooks are in high demand, hardbacks and paper-backed ones haven't quite gone out of style. Many people still enjoy the old tradition of taking a trip to the library and starting the search for the perfect book. Plus, with the economy down, it's a cheaper way to go. But the big question is, can people find everything they want at their local library? For some, this may not be the case due to library censorship. Yes, many libraries do now censor a lot of content they don't think is suitable for children. I agree that some things shouldn't be displayed on library shelves. While some adults or teens crave more mature acting, these things shouldn't be for kids. One of the library's most loyal patrons are children and their parents. Parents don't want their children exposed to explicit material at such a young age. Also, if the library loses customers from young families, it will lose nearly half of its customers. So the next time you're looking for something that might mature for your kid, you might want to reconsider going to the library. Instead, go to the bookstore and buy what you need. Let children live in a safe, innocent environment
Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelf if found offensive? No, just because a book, song or magazine article or movie is offensive doesn't mean we should have the right to remove it. Of course, we have the right to remove that book, but there are a lot of things that would offend people. Just because someone comes across an objectionable book at the library doesn't mean they have to go through a lot of work to remove it from the shelf. Just a book, you can simply go over and read other books, it's not worth the trouble. If anyone could possibly take a book off the shelf because they thought it was offensive, we'd have a lot of empty bookstores. Because let's face it, they're easily offended if something they believe in, like religion, is made fun of in the books they've read. We were all offended, but just moved on and found something different. We're not forced to read that book, listen to that song, or read a magazine. We have a choice, and the choice can be to keep reading, or look at something different and more positive, or go through the process of removing it and taking it off the shelf. You never know what other people might think that article in that magazine might be helpful or relevant. So it shouldn't be up to one person, but if the whole community has a problem with a book then I can see removing it as an option
I think some of the books in the library might be off-putting by some people. But some of these books have meaning behind them. One book that I think a lot of people like to read is @CAPS1 @CAPS2. A lot of people are offended by the heavy use of the word "@CAPS3" in this book, but why? There has been a heated debate about many book companies changing the words in their books to @CAPS4 @CAPS5. From my point of view, I think it should stay the same. Why change now? Many English teachers use this book because it talks about a white boy named @CAPS6 who saved @PERSON1. It's not being used incorrectly, why exactly just use what they've done in the past. This book is powerful, showing readers the powerful side of life. Yes, you shouldn't be saying that word all over the place, but it shouldn't be changing either now that it's been out to the public for a while. The book will not bring the same meaning as when it was changed
Katherine Paterson writes about the real impact of censoring library collections. In the quote, she mentioned that if something everyone finds objectionable is removed, in the end nothing is left. 'Should library content be censored? is a controversial issue. There is a simple answer to this question. It shouldn't be censored. Opinions on what should be censored and why vary depending on the type of person and their background. As Katherine Paterson said, "We can all think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf That book - the job I hate - then you have the same rights, and so do everyone else. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. @PERSON2 observes that most people don't think too far to be able to Realize. The most logical thing to do is not to censor the works that are put into the library. As mentioned before, once everyone pulls out things they don't think should be on the shelves, the library will just be a building without books .To prevent children from being exposed to certain types of literature, movies and music, libraries could have a section for these works in the adult section. Many public libraries don't even have these types of items, which would be lost for the simple fact Controversial, even if the library doesn't even carry it, they don't have to worry about the problem. These public institutions are all working in the best interests of their visitors, and if there is a work that needs to be kept from the children's area, it will no doubt be properly cared for .censorship is a very sensitive topic. This goes back to the debate about what exactly should be censored. The problem with "explicit" is that there are no black and white lines. Can a book become inappropriate because of a teenage girl Pregnant within the page? To some, the fact that the teen is pregnant in the book makes it inappropriate, but critics will argue that this is life and that isolating the world from reality blinds us all. Getting morals and values right at home will help young citizens make informed choices, but it's impossible to expect the world to censor itself for everyone. Library censorship is a touchy subject, but like Kathryn Pater As Sen said, if everyone in the world deleted what they thought was inappropriate, there would be no books. To be honest, library censorship should stop before every book disappears. As the world turns, life Can't stop just because bad or inappropriate things exist. Just learn that, yes, these things exist @MONTH1, but by using better judgment, the whole world can get along just fine without trying to eliminate all" bad thing".
Do you agree with me that we should read aloud, listen or see what we want? I think schools have the right to tell us what we can see is unfair, this is ours, this is America, and we have the right to do whatever we want. I think we should have the option to read it and if it's offensive then don't read it because it might offend you but not everyone thinks it's volgare or rude and obscene. I ask your newspapers to support me and fight the school and tell them what to read aloud because it's not right to censor good material just because some crazy job doesn't like it. That's all I ask is for you to stand up for me in this censorship war.
I don't think any books should be taken away. I think if an adult or a child wants to see something or read something, they should have the right to read it. If someone goes to a public library that allows people to listen to music and they can't because there are curse words in the song, they should be allowed. If it disturbs someone, the disturbed person can leave. If someone wants to read a magazine but they can't because it's not suitable who cares. If people want to watch a movie in the library, but they can't, because it's too violent, the library doesn't have it. I think libraries should be able to have whatever inventory they want. If it's too violent or the music is too dirty, don't let the kids master it.
If I find a book that I don't think is suitable for other people to read, I'll ask the librarian to see what she thinks about the book. If she finds them offensive, she can remove the books without asking any questions. If she's in the middle of a book and doesn't know if she should delete it, she can vote or count the book and go from there to see if it really needs to be deleted. The only way I find a book objectionable is if it has pictures that are not suitable for people to see, which also depends on your age. Another object of objection is too many words that refer to foul language and/or racism. If I find a film offensive, I'll ask to move it to a place where only mature adults or some teens can watch it. My opinion cannot remove an object from its place unless there are multiple complaints about the book or movie etc. Some movies and books should be taken off the shelves because young kids get those movies and watch them and then go into the real world and perform these bad behaviors in the movies. For example, if the movie/book is about drugs, some kids will think it's okay for them to do it because they've seen it on TV. Some kids even get killed for going out and trying stupid ideas from books and/or movies. But parents also play a role by having their kids watch these, and I don't think if they would watch what their kids do, some of that wouldn't happen. Music is another big thing that is getting more out of hand when it comes to aggressive themes. As the music progressed, there was more foul language in the music. @NUM1 years ago it was fine, but it's getting worse. I think some music should be banned because of the violence and pornography it depicts in the music. Some of the music I listen to and I just want to turn it over with my car because the whole song is about drugs, sexual content and/or violence. I don't even know why an artist would want to write a song about bad content when they know young people will hear it. I think offensive concerts have an impact on the violence that's actually happening in society today, because there may be some racism. I'm not trying to blame the artist or say their fault, but I think they should think twice before releasing it so everyone can listen. Everyone has the right to have an opinion, but some things shouldn't be on the shelf for our kids and kids to hear or see. I think something will happen, but it will take time
"All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - I hate this kind of work - then you The same rights, the same rights for other people. And then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us," Kathryn Patterson said. Books and movies around the world are censored and removed from libraries day after day for their explicit content. I believe books, movies and magazines should not be removed from the shelves, they exist for a real purpose. Explicit objects should not be censored because humans should have their own judgment, parents of children have the right to exclude these materials from their children's lives, some materials may be useful for life, some of @MONTH1 can be taken from @CAPS3 learn. Children around the world are influenced by books, magazines, movies and even songs. Some people believe that these harmful substances are affecting children's behavior. However, I believe that a child should have high morals and values to distinguish right from wrong. For example, if a kid happens to see a pornographic magazine on the shelf of the local grocery store, they should know that no matter how tempting @CAPS3 @MONTH1 is, it is wrong to buy that pornographic magazine. From birth, parents constantly teach their children what is right and what is wrong. They try to teach their children the basics: drugs, alcohol and smoking can damage their health. @CAPS3 It doesn't matter if the kid sees someone on drugs in a movie or hears a song about a teen getting drunk. They shouldn't be affected by this because by using their logic they should deduce that what is being read or listened to is not always the right thing to do. Every day, parents of children have the right to keep harmful substances out of their children's lives. After all, they are the leaders in their children's lives, and children will always look up to them to lead the way. You must now be at least 17 years old to watch a movie rated "@CAPS1" in most local theaters. Many theaters allow children to watch movies rated "@CAPS1" regardless of age, as long as they have a parent or guardian present. The cinema believes that having the child's parents there would be a huge help, as parents choose to let their children see that movie rather than letting their children watch the movie without their permission. If parents don't want their kids watching porn, they can simply say, "No!" @CAPS3 Simple as that. If parents feel that movies are suitable for their children, keep showing them that material. Parental consent should always be the main factor in deciding whether a child can watch a particular movie or read a particular provocative book. If all objectionable books and movies were taken off the shelves, we would live in a structured world where no one would learn more than they already knew. Life can get pretty boring for @MONTH1. While some @MONTH1 find books and songs offensive, others @MONTH1 contribute from these materials. A kid @MONTH1 picks up a book, starts reading, and discovers disturbing thoughts that they would never encounter after picking up that book. They will never learn this kind of stuff. Reading information like this creates a mobile advanced society. Adults and children are getting smarter every day. Any parent will agree that they want every opportunity to make their children smarter and smarter than they are. Songs, movies, books and magazines can provide these for their children. For some children, reading is an escape from wild monkeys in the jungle. They @MONTH1 use a book to escape the struggles of everyday life and get lost in its vivid pages. If more and more books are censored and thrown away, this equates to fewer books that children have a chance to discover. I have read that even @CAPS4 courses around the world don't allow their students to read @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7. Teachers felt the book was too inappropriate for their students. It's not fair to any student who is sure to miss out on this inspiring and life-changing novel. Also, movies and songs are provided for pure entertainment, so it doesn't always matter if @CAPS3 is rough or not. A child or young person @MONTH1 learns things they never thought possible through public materials provided. In conclusion, books, magazines, movies, and music are ways in which individuals express themselves. They shouldn't be censored because humans should have their own judgment, parents have the right to exclude objectionable material from their children's lives, and material, no matter how crude @CAPS3 @MONTH1, can be used as a learning tool. If more and more The more material is removed from our local library, the more @CAPS3 gets penalized for being unique almost as much as the author. Our kids don't get much exposure, so they don't learn and grow from @CAPS3. Do you really want our society to ban intellectual thinking just because they deem some material @MONTH1 offensive? Think @CAPS3
I believe blasphemy has a good side and a bad side. The good thing about profanity is that it gives books, music and movies taste and texture, and it shows how a person feels when they are angry. Blasphemy can also change a person's behavior through the way people speak and act. I personally think profanity is good or bad, I like to use it in music and movies, but I hate people talking trash. I think they should take people down based on their age, eg 3 and 13 year old books shouldn't contain profanity, but 14 and up can. The reason people should take it off the shelves is because kids deserve a healthy and profanity-free life. They should have a good developmental learning. Books and other entertainment should be free from profanity, because small children learn easily and if they accept bad behavior from others, they will be bad themselves. The reason people should be aware of this is that if you don't like profanity, don't buy it. Also keep it out of the reach of children. The main reason people swear by it is that movies and songs change a person dramatically. Talking dirty can change your life, but there's no good job raising bad kids in prison who learn from their parents' mistakes. In @CAPS1, profanity is good for the movie, it gives it action and drama. Blasphemy is a negative word that expresses anger and rudeness most of the time. We have a blasphemous @CAPS2 that is like a widespread disease. From people to children, and then to children. I had this difficult experience because I am Chinese and I came back to the US on @DATE1 and I don't know any English. People would scold me all the time, all of which could have been avoided if we didn't have any profanity in our daily use of books, music, and movies. Through the way they speak, I learn a lot about people and who to stay away from. We should keep profanity, but limit children's access to it. Blasphemy is like ice cream where people want it and others don't. One can make choices there to live a life free from profaneness. People can do what they think is right. I think taking it off the shelf for kids is the right thing to do, but not for adults. Because of profanity, people tend to put themselves in trouble. For example, some people get pulled over for a low-cost speeding ticket by an officer in use, but then they swear to the officer to get themselves into a bigger mess, and it's all avoidable if he doesn't say anything. . Dirty words can also make a great motivational speech, and I know that because I'm on the @LOCATION1 football team. Before every game, our coaches motivated us by giving us speeches that filled us with profanity. So in the end I said porn should say but don't expose kids to books and parents don't buy them if you don't want your kids to see them. Movie read the label on the back of @CAPS3 and see agae restrictions and profanities. Lock down @ORGANIZATION1 shows that contain profanity so your kids can't access them. If you don't want any dirty words, you can keep yourself away from it. We all know there's nothing you can do about someone else's use of profanity, just don't use it yourself, keep it clean, and do what you think is right
All materials in the library are open to the public. That's why we have public libraries. When kids go to the library, they're most likely to find books or activities their age will enjoy with an adult. If library patrons find books or items they find objectionable, it's likely not by chance. The material in the library is open to the public and should not be taken away just because a few people find it objectionable. Children are suspicious in the library because they know there are adult materials in the library too. This is a place where adults come in to supervise children. Some parents don't mind their children seeing these images or reading inappropriate information, but on the other hand some parents will. If someone comes across offensive information, they are likely looking for it and know where it is. Everyone in the library has the right to get or read what they want. There are no signs outside the door saying that only certain ages can visit certain areas of the store. Parents or guardians decide whether to allow their children to visit inappropriate areas of the store. Everyone has different rules and those rules are to be followed, but it's not the library's job to track and observe these kids to make sure they stay in designated areas. Libraries have a place for everything, and most locations make it pretty obvious what kind of information is kept there. For example, more adult and inappropriate material is located at the back of the store. Adult content is kept there to make it more private, harder for small children to discover, and more private to the person reading it. Children's books and movies are usually located at the front of the store, so they hold their attention more. If the kids @MONTH1 don't look, they'll never know what else is in the store. Children should be accompanied by an adult if an adult believes their child will be prowling for inappropriate material. Other potentially objectionable material may not only be aimed at children, but may also be offensive to a different race or culture. Also, if a person finds that information, they are likely looking for it. Everything is tagged in the library and it doesn't pop out of nowhere if you don't look for it. All materials in the store are public and open to anyone who enters the store. Children should be supervised if they are suspicious and hang out in the library. If someone doesn't want to find this information or think it would be objectionable then they shouldn't be near the area it's in
In our society, many people and places are offended by certain things. In my opinion, libraries and bookstores shouldn't take things off their shelves because they can be objectionable. People have the right to pick up something, look closely, and decide if it's offensive. If someone wrote or directed a book or movie that was bad enough for them that they freaked out and complained to the place that sold it, the book or movie probably shouldn't be made. I agree, some things are offensive, but if someone you don't know wrote it or directed it, then don't let it bother you. I believe music is a way for people to express themselves. Honestly, I don't think music should be censored when it's sold in any store. If the material is graphics drawn for children or some people, don't listen to it. If you need to censor something for words or topics so you can read, listen or watch them, then maybe you should.
When it comes to my thoughts on censorship in libraries around the world, I believe there are situations where books, music, movies, magazines, etc. shouldn't be on shelves. Not only are there things in books, etc. that kids may not understand and go down the wrong path, but there are also things that adults of any age may be offended by. During my school years, I've come across so many books, music, movies, magazines, etc., that I don't think they should even be on a library shelf. For example, one day I was in the library looking for a book that I could do my book report, just from the back of the book I learned that the book was about drugs, sex and many other things I think even my age are also not suitable for reading. For librarians and other school staff involved in book purchases, I'm sure they don't even think twice about offering books to young children and teens as inappropriate or objectionable, but in almost all cases, Every book has something to prove them wrong. Also, I encountered offense while reading a book that was considered a great book even for under 12s. From my own experience reading this book, I have to say that these people are crazy and should reassess the specific age at which they sell. Not only the inappropriate and objectionable books I found in the library, but also many magazines, movies and music. There aren't usually many concerts involving offensive behavior in the library, but there are some cases. For example, I met a new guy who was doing a pop culture presentation, and while researching music and listening to library-provided music, they found it offensive and not suitable for him to listen to on his own. Other than that, I find movies and magazines just as bad as books when it comes to being objectionable. I myself would think @NUM1+ teens would understand what maturity means. I have observed that most teens and even children who read objectionable books end up doing behaviors that most parents and teachers disapprove. When my kids get to this age, I hope they never act like some of the kids I've seen or talked to. After seeing how much inappropriate/offensive behavior there is in books, music, movies, magazines, etc., not only did I advise them to evaluate the types of books and other resources the library offers, but I realized I certainly hoped they would take care of this right away. Not only do I feel like parents all over the world feel the same way I do, but I know for a fact that I would never want my kids to read books I've read or made available through my high school library. This is a very serious question and one that all teachers and parents should be aware of when recommending books to children and even teens. The world is becoming more and more violent every day, and it's up to the children of the future to fix that. In a situation like this, we don't want young people's minds to be flooded with offensive and inappropriate behaviour. Let this be a step in the right direction
I believe everyone has the right to have their opinion. If parents don't think their kids should do something, don't let them do it. It reminds me of how people are against hunting, if you don't like it don't do it. The world would be a lot better if everyone expressed their opinion. If I don't like @PERSON1 and I tell @PERSON1 I don't like him @PERSON1 knows I don't like him so he won't talk to me anymore. So in the bigger picture, if @LOCATION1 tells @LOCATION2 we don't like him, they will stop trying to be friends with us. So the world would be a lot better if everyone could speak their minds. If a parent doesn't like a certain kind of music, a movie or even a book or something, and they express that to their kids, they know it's not good. My dad told me to only kill animals if I'm willing to eat them so I can seam nicely, but others may think that's wrong. So I believe that if you are not a hippie and live the way you teach your children, then your children will listen to you. As I've said before, my father told me toughly that it's okay to kill animals if I want or intend to eat them. I found one exception to this rule, cyotes (where I live there are a lot of cyotes and they can be pests). I believe this is the only exception to this rule, as cyotes are a problem animal in the area. So if you don't want your kids watching movies rated @CAPS1, block them on TV. The same goes for other things like magazines, books, and music.
Censorship in libraries is a big debate today. Many people wonder what is considered "appropriate" for our children. Now with several @CAPS3 and @CAPS2 factors, it's hard to find something that doesn't offend a culture. The three main reasons we can't find a book in the library that is reasonable but not harmful to our children include the @CAPS1, @CAPS2 beliefs, and @CAPS3 beliefs. @CAPS1 late @NUM1 to early @DATE1 is a big deal. Thanks to @LOCATION2, slavery became illegal in @LOCATION1. Still, there are many racist comments, articles and films published today. If someone doesn't stop harsh comments, @MONTH1 will never stop. While this isn't a big deal today, that doesn't mean it won't continue to happen. Children don't need to see or hear racist rhetoric about their race like many of their ancestors did. Harsh disparagements and comments on @CAPS2 beliefs are also not socially appropriate, let alone read by children. Books containing this content are considered unsuitable for children and need to be placed in different areas of the library. As a teenage reader, my greatest belief and interest is learning about other cultures and seeing what it would be like to live in another country. There are countless religions in the world today, many of which are accustomed to their own gods. I believe it is a great cause for the children of the modern world to celebrate their own religion the way they like. However, I don't think it's right to hate speech against other religions. This is also something that children have the ability to read. Children shouldn't read fictional facts about religion, and they shouldn't think about it in their heads when they think something about that religion isn't true. It's definitely a good idea to paste this material in the @NUM2 section. For now, kids should accept material that they can easily understand and find interesting. It's a good idea to make a kid-friendly fiction section followed by a kid- and/or adult-friendly @NUM2 section. One idea to consider is that each local public library could hold a meeting to decide whether to keep the library in an accessible form. That's up to you!
Everyone has their own beliefs and doubts about books, music, or anything in life. @MONTH1 is a bad and vulgar book in our opinion, @MONTH1 is not bad in other people's opinion. Everyone will have their own opinion on a book, music, movie or magazine. That's why censorship is good in a public place like a library. Does that mean we say you can't like what you want to like, listen to what you want to hear, or watch what you want to watch in your own home? No, by reviewing everything in a public place like a library or video store, you can help resolve a lot of troubles and worries that may arise in the future. And then again reviewing the movies, music, books, and magazines in the library can also be a bad thing. Not everyone will like the same things or be interested in all the same movies or books. At the same time, though we can't censor every thing everyone doesn't like. By removing something because a parent complained about their child watching or reading a book they thought was too "vulgar", then you grant that right to any parent who complains their child is doing so. It is not the library's responsibility to look after everyone's children and make sure they watch and read what their parents want them to read. Children are children and they will do what they want. By censoring and deleting things from library shelves, you won't stop them from watching movies they shouldn't, or reading books they shouldn't. Censoring the library is like censoring the text in a movie, and doing so will not prevent your child from hearing or learning vulgar language. Kids in this day and age hear more foul language in school than in movies and TV. What exactly does the word offense mean to a person? Everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not. Like I said, everyone has their own views and opinions about life and everything in it. You can't take everything off the shelf because a parent doesn't think their child or other children are fit to see, see, or hear. We are all free to watch what we want and listen to the music we like. By taking things off the shelf that other people might like to oppose, then you immediately make it a @CAPS1 citizen. In my opinion censorship of sex scenes in movies or vulgar language in music etc. is fine. Taking the book off the shelf because you don't like the way it's written, or you don't like the person who wrote the book, or you don't like the kind of language the author decided to use in it, it just doesn't feel right to me, you're push that limit. Books teach children something every day, and books give children imagination. Take the book off the shelf, I think you are hurting the child's ability to grow. Censorship is a good thing and a bad thing. It can harm children, and it can also help their ability to grow. It's a good thing to censor something, but like I said, not everything with vulgar language should be censored, or vulgar scenes. Sometimes in order to grow and live in this world children need to read and see what we are as human beings, but in books and movies
This is in line with personal opinion. Some people can be comfortable with things, while others don't. Unless it's racist or sexist who doesn't have any right to say something can't belong. If someone doesn't like a book instead of leaving it, don't think about why it's there, someone else @MONTH1 wants it. So I personally don't like this topic, but I can write this article. It's not a choice, like it really shouldn't be a choice of where people say what belongs unless it's legally owned by an individual. I know there are a lot of things I don't like, but I'm not going to try to get those things moved and banned. It's there people want to read it. Plus whoever wrote or made the object would be shot down (@CAPS1 for sadness or rejection). Along the lines of insulting racial and/or sexism, if it is done in the book, it should be stopped and dealt with. People have the right to say they're not happy with it, but if they just don't like the topic and everyone else does, then they need to move on and not make a fuss. Now, if the title @CAPS2 says anything about what this book is about, walk away and ignore it. People @MONTH1 use it for future research or otherwise. Now people @MONTH1 are self-centred and only want what they need, so they make a huge @CAPS3 or fight for stupid little things. Those are the people who always hand things over to them, and I guess that's where this topic came up. That's my thoughts and beliefs about censorship. It doesn't matter where it is, whether it's in a school or a library, because someone is interested in the project. I know this is what I think and believe, people @MONTH1 totally think what I write is stupid, some @MONTH1 think it's smart. It's just the culture you grew up in, @CAPS1 remembers your current time and place.
I see no need to remove objectionable material from the library. Some people @MONTH1 find this objectionable, but I think others would be greatly offended if they removed it. Take rap music for example. There are a lot of people who think the lyrics of those songs are bad and offensive. Others think rap music is great. I don't think rap is great, but I wouldn't say rap songs shouldn't be on the radio, @CAPS1 shouldn't be sold in stores. The same can be said for these materials in the library. Some @MONTH1 find them offensive, but others appreciate it. Some people @MONTH1 are interested in these topics. Like some people @MONTH1 are interested in fantasy or comedy. It would be unfair for the library to remove these materials from the library and deny those who like them the ritual of renting them. Another factor is the maturity of the readers. If the person who is reading @MONTH1's offensive books or watching movies is watching them out of obvious interest, then that's fine. But if the reader isn't reading for fun, then there's a problem here. It all depends on how mature people are when they enter the library. Materials in the library give everyone the opportunity to find something that interests them. Just because others at @MONTH1 find the material offensive, there's no reason to take it off the shelves. I can understand why some parents @MONTH1 get upset when their kid @MONTH1 sees some @MONTH1 inappropriate stuff in the library, but all the libraries I've been to have a dedicated kids section. If parents are concerned about their child seeing some questionable material, they can take their child to that area. I don't think this material that @MONTH1 seems offensive to some should be removed from the library. Everyone is offended by something, and even if it is offensive to some, depriving others of this material is not feasible.
Censorship should not be allowed in the library. Libraries provide people with new learning opportunities and recreational purposes. Everyone has their own likes and dislikes, and no two peoples are the same. First, when a person goes to the library, they should know that the books there are selected by the library owner. Therefore, it is their responsibility to put books in the library and take them out. What the owner of the library will try to do is put everything in it. What it means is that, with so many different types of writing, people are bound to dislike something. So that's why owners add something to their library. If someone gets a book that looks like a good fit for them, but after they start reading it they find it offensive to them, they shouldn't throw the book away, they should bring it back to the book and talk to the owner. People have the right to do what they want with a book, but if it's a book in the library, it's technically part of the library. So if someone is offended by a book, they should go and talk to the owner, let them know their concerns, and try to do something about it. In fact, they won't be the only ones with this view. It takes one person to make a change. Books are not made for one person, they are read and possibly enjoyed by many. People have their opinions and will stick with them. Books expect this to happen, they are different from people. Everyone lives in a society full of opinions, and people who are not afraid to express their opinions. There's nothing wrong with expressing them, it's actually better because then other people can hear a book and either agree or disagree, and thus find out what type of writing they really like. Books can be thrown away by rights, but when everyone starts doing that, everyone can no longer spread their opinions. To spread an opinion is to let the world know that someone is standing on a particular topic. Without it, the world would be just boring, boring, nothing to say, because people would all share the same views. There is more than one reason for not allowing library review. ~~@PERSON1
Need help with censorship in @ORGANIZATION1 (I heard @ORGANIZATION2 from my grandparents for this story because I don't remember the real story. I don't think it really happened in @ORGANIZATION1.) To the folks at @@ORGANIZATION1 ORGANIZATION3 me Just wanted to let you and your readers know that @ORGANIZATION2 has a problem. I guess nothing really serious. . It seems that the librarians there review a ton of books and other materials. One of them I really need to do homework on the movie @CAPS1. They said they were reviewing what my assignment needed because it was bloody and scary to some of the other readers. There have also been complaints from parents that their children have had nightmares for weeks in the film. Well I said that, can I still use the computers there to get information? They say they have blocked all inappropriate websites as well. I don't have internet at home so you can see how things are going at school. So I'm trying to get @CAPS2 to uncensor everything they have ready to censor. So I can get them to censor all the weird adult rated stuff on @ORGANIZATION2. That way the kids won't have nightmares anymore. I also came up with the idea of splitting all @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 by age group like kids, teens, older teens. To this they say no problem but they will keep the classic @CAPS4 and @CAPS3 @CAPS2 say they @MONTH1 try my idea and see if it works but I have to volunteer at @ORGANIZATION2 and do all the work over the years always under scrutiny. I said ok about it, but after I saw the big censor list, it was like a nightmare, at least a hundred pages. I'm scared to see how long the other lists are. So seeing this was too big for me, I asked most of the other volunteers to help me. Then put up posters at the schools I went to to see if anyone would help me. The list hasn't progressed much so far, so I wanted to ask if any readers are reading this. I can definitely use your help as these lists are very long. I @CAPS8 y'all read this and if you can't help then see if anyone else you know does too, @CAPS8 you.
I think if there are offensive books, music, magazines, etc. then they should be in a section of their own or the librarian should keep them up and if anyone needs/wants them then they have to go to the front dest to get them. I also think that if a young child or teen can't see or read or hear these types of things then they shouldn't be there
Have you ever read or seen a book that you thought was inappropriate? Do you want to ban you from borrowing this book from the library? A lot of people have been through this, and many of them would have liked to have more sensors in the library, but we can't always do that. Maybe that book you just put down, that you don't think is for everyone, is someone else's favorite book. You @MONTH1 never know, but maybe someone will think your favorite book is inappropriate. There are many different people in the world, and they all have different opinions. So rather than ban them, make them aware of them in libraries and schools. Censorship may seem like a no-brainer, but many people don't think about it. We can't just turn a blind eye to all inappropriate books, but we can at least review them. Reviewing them can be as simple as labeling them or making different sections for these types of books. The label should be clearly marked so that people can see it and know what to expect from the book. People don't have to get rid of certain books entirely, but they need to realize that younger kids can pick up on it and start reading without knowing it's not a good fit for them. Parents do have the right to inspect and monitor what their children are reading. Although if you get rid of books completely, people are also getting rid of other people's free speech. No one has the right to decide which books are inappropriate and which are appropriate, so no one should have the right to only have certain books off the shelf. Instead of banning these books or complaining about them, people can try a book rating system. A lot of times when you buy a movie, people check the movie's rating to see if it's right for their kids or even themselves. This is also something we can do with books, and maybe books won't have as many problems. It sounds simple, but people need to take action and start doing something about it. You @MONTH1 can't make everyone happy, but at least people can be more aware of the books they're reading. It would be a happier place full of adventure if everyone could help our libraries and schools come under greater scrutiny than all libraries
Offensive material @CAPS4 can be anything, but I'm talking about the library and what's in it. Books, music, movies and magazines @CAPS4 will offend some but not all. Removing this material from library shelves because some people find it objectionable is not a good idea because if they find it objectionable, someone somewhere is enjoying it. Not everyone will find a book, song, movie or magazine objectionable, so no library should keep any book, CD, movie or magazine available to the public. My friends love to read @PERSON1 books but I don't like them but I don't make them stop reading it like 'To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 @CAPS3', @CAPS4 is offensive but if you find it Very offensive, please don't read it, plain and simple. There will always be people who don't want their kids to watch a certain movie, or read a book by @PERSON1, but that's not a good reason to remove any material from library shelves, let people read what they want, see what they want, Listen to what they want, there is no good reason to remove a book from a library shelf. We all have the right to read, watch and listen to whatever we like. Asking someone you've never met to take a book, movie, or magazine from the library because it's a little offensive is like someone kicking you because you don't have a lot of money. Many books @CAPS4 from all over the world are considered offensive to at least one person, and one may be two people who don't have any right to tell anyone what they don't understand. Censorship in libraries is a terrible idea because not everyone will read that book or listen to that CD. Chances are all we need to read a book or listen to a song that could change our lives, for better or worse, reading what we want should be our choice. Any material from @CAPS4 is considered "offensive", but most content is not objectionable, it's just that people don't want their children to read it. Offensive or non-offensive material cannot be declared by a few, but by the entire nation. Something that one person thinks offends another person thinks is life-changing. Anything can make someone change, and in order to have that opportunity, we should have the freedom to read whatever we want. If you find a book objectionable, remember that you had a chance to read it, and now give that chance to others.
The world today is full of racism and criticism. Nothing we do is right or wrong, there is no middle ground. Whenever you go out to eat or shop, you hear offensive comments or images all around you. Newspapers, news, and the internet make events seem worse than they really are, and if it refers to someone, they will find it offensive. If you go out looking for a good book to read, or to watch a movie, or to listen to music in bed, you will choose what interests you. As you browse the selection, you will see and rearrange titles or images that offend you. I know that when I do this, I pick up the object and see what's on the back of it. Somehow, someone finds movies, music, books or magazines offensive. Suppose we take down all stores that offend people in any way. What will be on the shelf? Nothing, @CAPS1 has the right to write whatever they want, singers have the right to sing whatever they want. In @ORGANIZATION1, everyone has freedom of speech. So the library can't just take something off the shelf just because someone @NUM1. That's the point of different types of music and reading, so you can read and listen to what you want. Each @CAPS2 can choose what they pick up, listen to or read. If someone finds something offensive then they should not pick up the item. Then, when that person complains about it, the bottom line is that it's their fault for reading it. Remarks about race, culture, appearance and weight will be offensive. It's just part of life, and how people behave. There; only when you have to be bigger and ignore it and move on. So no, I don't think objectionable books, music or magazines should be removed from libraries or stores. We can choose what we read and listen to.
I think if the books, music, magazines or movies you have in the library are not objectionable then they have the right to put them on the shelf. There's nothing wrong with a library having music and magazines, because what if someone doesn't like reading but likes listening to music or doesn't like reading but likes magazines. I think it's okay to have a movie. They can have a lot of educational movies, just some normal ordinary movies. Now if books or movies or magazines or music are found and objectionable then they should be taken off the shelves. If books, music, movies or magazines are not offensive in any way, they have the right to be on the shelves, so everyone can use them.
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. They shouldn't be pulled from shelves just because they're objectionable, or because kids can get their hands on them and repeat what they've read, seen, or mass-posted. They should stay, simply because these so-called "offensive" items we get can teach us very useful things like what to do and what not to do, and give us a sense of our history or the history of other countries. It's true that there are things in the library that kids shouldn't see, but what's to stop them? Some people crave this repulsive knowledge, but are told time and time again that they are not old or mature enough to handle these things, but in more than one way they hide it. Without these things, children will never know exactly what's going on in the world around them, and if they end up in something dangerous and don't have the proper knowledge of what to do or where to go, they'll be too shocked to do anything. That's why objectionable stuff should stay in the library.
I think everyone has the right to hate or hate a cetian work, but only the author of the work has the right to take it off the shelf. The reason anyone can't take a job off the shelf is if one person hates the job and everyone else loves it, how will the people who love the job feel when they hear it's broken. Can you imagine the author of any work how it would feel if their thousands of works were destroyed without consideration for others? I can and I feel horrible just thinking about it, so I believe that's why only the creator of anything should make a decision if their work should be preserved or destroyed. For these reasons I've discussed with you, think about how everyone feels before you spoil anything, if it's a book, a movie, a song, or even a kid's dream, think about if any of theirs gets spoiled , how will they feel.
Dear reader, if you find certain books, magazines, movies and music offensive, do you think they should be removed from library shelves? Many people in the world today have the same problem. Some parents think they should be removed, but others think they should stay. I'm going to tell you what I think. As a citizen, I know some parents who believe that certain magazines and books should be removed from the library if they are found to be objectionable. Well, if they did, nothing would be closed on the library shelves. I mean, I know where some parents come from, you go get the book or magazine they want and take it home to them. In today's world where everything in the world is offensive to someone, I mean everyone has their own ideas about what they find offensive and what they don't find offensive. So eventually, if you were to take all the objectionable stuff out of the library, it would be emptied. I hope you all read this sentence and think hard about what the author said "We can all think of a book that we hope no one of our children takes off the shelf. But if I have the right to take it off the shelf Take that book on - the job I hate - then you have the same rights as everyone else. Then we don't have a book on the shelf for any of us. (@PERSON1). I don't know about you, but this Really sums it all up for me. The truth is that you can't always do what you want, you just have to live the way you are and try to be better for yourself and your family. If you read this and really listen and think To what I've said, I think you'll find that if you try to get them, you'll be more likely to act like there's no objectionable books and magazines out there and you can't even go to the library anymore. Sincerely only , @PERSON2
I believe library censorship might be a good thing, but it might be overkill. It can be a good thing to remove movies and magazines from shelves that contain meaningless offensive material. If these were removed, I don't think people would care that much. However, removing these little things can turn into a bigger problem. When removing items from the shelf, you must determine how far. It all started with a bad magazine with a bad movie star doing something repulsive and the text surrounding it was meaningless judgmental. A parent saw his or her child reading the book in the library, they thought it was inappropriate, so they complained and the magazine was taken down. Then came an offensive movie and it got pulled. Pretty soon everyone will have minor complaints about many different things, and almost everything will have someone wanting to ban it. Even with certain restrictions on what can be banned, people will still complain until what they want happens. If the government had all these complaints, they could close the library to avoid viewing every "offensive" piece of literature, film or art. The original purpose was to stop the offensive rhythm, eventually realizing that everything was offensive to someone. Even works that are considered great by most may be considered abhorrent by some. Finally, libraries should not be given the right to censor anything. The things that should be reviewed are so small that it's not worth the risk. Books that are offensive to some can be an inspiration for others. Libraries are about giving people the opportunity to be inspired. Libraries should not have the right to take inspiration from readers.
@CAPS1 what do you do? A very big battle for a lot of people is whether libraries should allow offensive material on the shelves. Some people don't care, but some people think it's a very big problem. For those concerned, their take on the issue is that objectionable material should be taken off library shelves. Personally, I think it should be okay to have "offensive" questions on the shelves of @ORGANIZATION1's library. What is a conspiracy attack? Everyone has their own opinion on what they find objectionable. An example is a young kid @MONTH1 who thinks the word "stupid" is a curse word, while some older people don't think it's a curse word. If we did remove all objectionable material from the library, @CAPS1 would be nothing. You @MONTH1 think @ORGANIZATION2 is a very good book, but if you talk to someone who thinks @ORGANIZATION2 is wrong, they @MONTH1 think putting @ORGANIZATION2 on their bookshelf will offend their own beliefs. Since many people have different opinions on what is offensive, no one @CAPS1 can really have a non-offensive library. A group of people @CAPS1 can't agree on what is or is not offensive. There are plenty of sites and organizations that say what they personally find offensive and what isn't. People can visit these sites and organizations to find out what they personally should look up from the library. Saying what can and can't be checked out shouldn't be the library's own job. Everyone is responsible for their own actions. If one wants to check out a book or movie that some people find offensive, so be it. This is a free world. Some @MONTH1 disagree with their choice, but again, they have the right to read that book or listen to that music. I conclude with a statement: no one should be able to say what you can and cannot have on a library shelf. If someone personally finds a movie or book offensive, they shouldn't watch the movie or read the book. The real question shouldn't be, "Should we remove objectionable books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from the library?", the question should be, "Should I read this book, watch this movie, or listen to this Music? Reading books or listening to @LOCATION1 is everyone's choice. We are not responsible for what other people do. It is not the library's own responsibility to be the mother of all its clients. Let the library do it!
I believe offensive books should be taken off the shelves. Some books are offensive and some are inappropriate. Librarians can get rid of these books, so little ones can' @CAPS2 get books that don't fit. Movies rated "@CAPS1" and above should be removed. Anything with an "A" rating should be removed, libraries are public places to rent and return, buy, sell or trade movies, books, etc. Keeping books that are safe for children is important for their mental health. Anything inappropriate can be censored with a black marker. That old library I used to go to had all the slang, colloquialisms, etc., marked with a black marker. Some movies were excluded from all of the above ratings '@CAPS2', and the magazine, also marked on the page, censored the scum in the magazine. The music in the library is blocked, some music is not blocked, and the rest are some songs that have been deleted. Libraries should do like old libraries.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1 @CAPS2 My name is @PERSON1 and I am a student attending @ORGANIZATION1. I often go to the library to exit, and what I see there I don't think is there. Just like a movie. They're okay, but they're all sitting together. So that means I am a young lady. I saw something I knew my mom wouldn't even approve of me watching. They just sit there reviewing the movie. Sometimes I even flip through the shelves to see books that my mom doesn't even read. They review books in the library like a book on @CAPS3 or something. I sometimes talk to workers who think there's something wrong with kids or teens looking at what's being censored. However, not everyone thinks that way. I don't think or feel that books should be reviewed in the library so kids can see them. That's not right at all. As far as music goes, I agree with library music because a lot of people listen to different types of music. As long as the music is something positive, there are all kinds. You just have to pay attention to what music you listen to in the library because young people are everywhere. There are kids around @NUM1 and there are younger kids. They don't know how to respond to a song that talks about killing people or shooting them. Then you never know what parents want them to know at such a young age. I don't think really annoying and bad music should be played in the @CAPS4 library. I don't believe censorship magazines should be there too. I really believe that magazines are one of the main things that are censored in the library. There are also many books in it. They shouldn't be there for the children and parents at all. They don't need to grow up fast, they need to enjoy life there when they are young. By looking at censored stuff that doesn't help at all. In conclusion, I really think something needs to be done about all this censored stuff. Many people complained to @CAPS1 when they entered the @CAPS4 library. I just ask you to help our @CAPS4 library get rid of those pesky things. They can even make their own side of the library by reviewing stuff only for adults. I know this is true, and I know many people agree with me. People just want the best for their kids, and a library with a lot of censored stuff in it doesn't sound like the best. That just means they started wrong. Sincerity: A student who believes in change
Everyone loves literature, such as books, magazines, movies or music. The different types of these literary works are important to everyone. If everyone has the right to completely remove a work that displeases them, no work will be left. Therefore, I believe that materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should not be removed from public libraries or other public places. Everyone has unique ideas, needs and preferences. A few years ago, I had a classmate who had a different view of religious persecution and thousands of people. He hated the idea of mixing people of different religions in one place. He wrote a paper containing all his ideas about how the world should work in terms of religion. He tried to publish it but was unsuccessful because his work was considered offensive. Although I disagree with his ideas, I don't think his work should be rejected. There may be people in the world who do agree with his ideas and are interested in reading them. There may even be some ideas in his paper that could help countries solve various problems. I don't think it's fair that his paper was rejected. People have different needs based on the tasks they have to accomplish. For example, last time @DATE1 I was reading a book about a girl who was working on a racist project. She went to the library to look for a book on apartheid in @LOCATION1 but couldn't find anything. She asked the librarian if she had it, but the librarian told her those books were considered objectionable at the local library and she had to search elsewhere. I believe this is unfair as the girl at @MONTH1 has nowhere else to go for information about her project. She should have access to the information the project needs to prevent her from failing. Another reason books shouldn't be removed is simply because everyone has unique preferences. There are some books in this world that some people will enjoy more than others. Literature should be able to be used for entertainment and convenience purposes. If I go to the library now, I'll find plenty of options for my ideal novel or magazine. Everyone should have this right. If people start removing materials that are not good for them, nothing will be left on the shelves and no one will have access to the materials they want. In this world, diversity is everywhere. People have and will always want, need and desire different things. Literary works are just one of them. If people start eliminating objectionable material based on everyone's frustration or dissatisfaction, there will be no books on public shelves. Therefore, materials such as books, music, movies and magazines must never be removed from public spaces. These things are the necessities of the world.
In my opinion, if you find a book unpopular, you shouldn't read it. Because if other people like the book, they have the right to read that book. Maybe it's an inspiration for them, maybe it will drive them to achieve what they want in their life. When someone walks into the library, no one can tell them what to take and let them decide for themselves, so when a book offends you, you should probably write to the author and talk to him/her. Books about them. What you can accomplish by writing to the author is a letter in the mail saying he or she is sorry for hurting you with their book, another letter might be the author visiting you in person to tell you he or she Feel sorry for the pain his or her book brought you. That's what I thought. Also, no, I don't think this book/book should be taken off the shelf because maybe it will inspire others instead of putting them down. Finish.
"Do you think that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable?" @CAPS1 If these items are found objectionable, they should be removed from the shelves. First of all, they should be removed because some people @MONTH1 are offended by them. Some @MONTH1 talk about race, religion or gender. Nobody wants to be criticized in a book or anything like that. For example: rap music, what color people think they are or how big or small they are. Some people @MONTH1 are offended and I'm sure no parent wants their kids to listen to that crap. So get them off the radio. Second, if the child gets a critical book or movie or something like that, it might have bad influence in the future. They may start criticizing people for being different. Some books talk about religion, and some people just can't help but want their own religion. They are born that way, so they are very familiar with it and don't want to change it. No one should be judged for their religion, so take them off the shelf. Third, my friend was watching a movie about a woman who liked the same sex, and in that movie they made fun of her. No one should be judged by which gender they prefer. She was very angry. So get them off the shelf. Second to last, magazine writers take pictures of celebrities, then shrink them down to three sizes smaller than their actual size, and put them on the cover of a fashion magazine or similar. Why not put that celebrity out there like they're real size? Some @MONTH1 are offended by this. So just take pictures of celebrities and put them in magazines as life-size or take them off the shelf. In conclusion, in some of my observations and readings, some people are often offended because of their different race, gender, or religion. So I think certain materials, like books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if found offensive
Do you think libraries should have the right to remove books and movies from their shelves if they find it offensive? In my opinion, I disagree and I don't think they should have taken them off the shelf. Many people have different ideas and opinions, and I will state my views in the next few paragraphs. First, not everyone enjoys reading or watching the same types of books or movies. Some people like romance, horror, mystery, and more. If one person reads something they disagree with, that doesn't mean the next person reading it won't like it either. Sometimes I like to read books where people get hurt or even killed, but @CAPS1 other people read it and they probably think it's scary and very offensive. Another reason is, @CAPS1 I go to the library and I want to get the books I want to read, not the books that other people like. Once I went to the library, looking for a romantic book to read, but couldn't find it. So I went up and asked the lady at the counter and she said they were gone, I asked why, and she told me a lady thought it was wrong for kids to read. In my opinion, maybe the lady doesn't even like romance books. They shouldn't just be something a person believes. The next reason is that libraries put movies or books on their shelves in the first place because they think people will like it. If a writer or producer finds out that his/her films or books have been taken out of the library because they are objectionable, he will not be happy. Give this book a shot and see how everyone likes it. I understand if everyone thinks it's really offensive to take it off, but not just one person. In the end, my belief is that if they ever had the book in their library, it should stay there until it gets old and falls apart. The library is open to any kind of books, not just boring ones. So I believe these books should not be taken off the shelf, they should be kept correct according to their assumptions. If they don't like the book or movie then advise other family members not to read or have them read and see their reactions
When you walk into the heaven of our library, you have opened your door and you can gain a wealth of knowledge at the click of a mouse, push a button or turn a page. However, there are a few who fall under a paradigm where not all of this information is for everyone. They felt it should be locked up, as if it were a little out of the way. Allow me to articulate this point with vengeance and disgust on multiple levels in the following document. I am a musician. Music is my passion. My creative gears are always turning. I often look to the work of other artists for inspiration, and one place to get that kind of music is, you guessed it, the library. How disappointed I was to find out that the music I wanted was removed for being too explicit. What I'm looking for is not lyrics or foul language, but beautiful melody and harmony in it! It is bad to isolate media without first seeing the benefits and the strong feelings it has to convey. We @MONTH1 dropped the world's greatest novel due to racial disparity or witchcraft. We @MONTH1 threw away a touching song because of its lyrics. We @MONTH1 threw away a movie just by looking at the title and didn't even give it a chance. How fair is this? Even now @MONTH1 has people who refuse to read your paper because they disagree with a personal editor. In my opinion, this is not a fair gain. As the public, I implore you, as men of sound minds and hearts, to reconsider censorship of works that have clear and truthful information and are fabricated for the benefit of our humanity. Everything has a story. A friend of mine once said to me that there are three ways we can absorb what we consider unwelcome. We can reject, we can ignore, or we can absorb and explain. Saying no will not make you smarter. Neglect can make you terrified. However, in order to absorb, you gain new knowledge, whether it is a new culture or new people. Everything has to be taken with a grain of salt. Let's look at what we think is immoral, and then take the time to understand why it's immoral, because it is these things that define us. If you can't see what's right or wrong, who's to say what's really moral? We need to have substantial material in our library for our exposure and our understanding of new knowledge in the modern world
No, materials should not be removed from the library. First, most books, movies, and music are the best way to support different things. They all have a way of persuading you. There are many different ways to understand it, but these are certainly the best ways. Just like movies, some people like to watch things to understand them. Because some people need time to see rather than read or listen. It's a great way for people to just sit and watch. Some people watch a movie the wrong way to get the wrong idea about something, which can offend them. Just like music, it's a great way to learn what someone is trying to say or convey. You have to take the time to really listen to what they are talking about. If you're listening to a song here, then you're going in the wrong direction and you'll never get your mind on what they're saying here. Some people let a word or two make you think differently about the song. So listen to the whole song before you judge. A book is the best way in the world to understand where someone is from. A book is like a short life. If you judge a book by its first few paragraphs, you will never get meaning out of it. With a book you have to give it is an opportunity to seek in your mind so that you will be understood. A book can tell you a lot. So some people find it offensive. These types of materials should never be removed from the laboratory. These things are a great way to make sense of things. So if you're offended by something, try another way, which might be a better way for people to understand it. Without these materials we would never be able to understand, discover anything in the world
When you think of a book, do you think of happy children's books or mysterious dark books? What if I were to say offensive books? Most of the magazines, music, books and movies you pull off today are not as happy or mysterious as @MONTH1 thinks. When I think of a movie I want to watch, I think of something I'll love; something I wouldn't close in the middle of it. If you pick a movie from the cover that @MONTH1 looks good on and read the back, it sounds good, but when you get home and watch it with your little sister or brother, it's the opposite. Did you turn it in? Did you turn it off and waste your money doing nothing? Objectionable books, movies, music and magazines should be removed from the store. If you're not going to finish it, why is it there? I don't read or read a book if it doesn't make me feel good as a person or make myself feel good. If people can sit there and write it, act it out, or play it, then we should be able to say what we think of it, whether it's good or bad. People have feelings, and if something we're supposed to enjoy hurts them, take them off the shelf. do something. We should all be successful in doing something for others, and if not, do it for ourselves.
Books in a library shouldn't have sensors, think about how many great works of literature no one gets there because they don't meet your standards. People won't be able to read some of the right books they like. Do you really want to take it away from people? If my arguments do change your mind, you should at least keep induction books behind the counter.
I do not believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from library shelves if found objectionable. Being different is a good thing, and no matter how inappropriate a subject is, it's still real and great for learning. If they have, they should put a label on the cover of the book that says "Adult Content." @CAPS1 repeats itself, a quote that reminds me of a period in @CAPS1 when we need to learn from our mistakes, no matter how bad the subject is, like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in the deep south. What about @CAPS2 when @NUM1 million @CAPS7 got killed because they were @CAPS7. @CAPS7 @MONTH1 finds these books offensive, but that doesn't mean @CAPS2 never happened. There are many offensive and contradictory pictures and stories about the events that took place during @CAPS2. While this is a very frustrating and scary topic, it's still good our @CAPS20 know what's going on. The other categories need to be read as it helps @CAPS20 understand what is right and wrong and helps prevent them from making big mistakes in the future. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @DATE1 all the way to @CAPS13 @CAPS14 @NUM2. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 affects everyone in @LOCATION1A, but some people can't handle it like others. In the South most @CAPS19 see @CAPS17 @CAPS18 as dirt. They don't allow them into their schools, clubs or churches, they treat them rudely, and most horribly, they lynch them. There is a group of @PERSON1 called "@PERSON1" which is pretty much a list of @PERSON1 to treat @CAPS25 as unfairly as possible. If a kid picks up a book or magazine with a lynching photo in it, they'll remember it for life, and if that photo really haunts them, they'll be aware of what @CAPS19 did throughout their upbringing @CAPS25 is unethical. Some books and magazines in the library are really clear but we can't protect our @CAPS20 for life. When parents have questions, they need to sit down with their @CAPS20 and discuss the truth with them. What do parents do when their @CAPS20 goes to school and hears other @CAPS20 talking about things like sex? @CAPS20 Probably have the wrong idea about sex, or don't know what it is because their parents never actually sat down and explained to them what sex is. I'm not talking about getting your @NUM3 year olds to look at pictures of people having sex in any way, but when @CAPS20 reaches a certain age their parents need to step up and talk to them about uncomfortable topics like puberty, sex and babies . It's time parents stop hiding the truth from their @CAPS20, or hovering over their shoulders like a helicopter. If @CAPS20 doesn't know the truth about the real @CAPS13 and how much evil and manipulative there is in @CAPS13, they won't be able to defend themselves when they go to college. If @CAPS20 doesn't know about @CAPS1 and all the work done, it's kind of like we're dealing with books like @CAPS7 and @CAPS17 @CAPS18. Just because these books are different from others, we get rid of them, just like we tried to kill all @CAPS7 and @CAPS25 because they are different. This is wrong and inhumane
Library censorship is when librarians have the right to remove certain materials from library shelves, such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc., if the item is inappropriate. I don't think libraries should have censorship. Personally, I think it's up to the library to have that power. If it's a library that always has their little ones, then I think they can have censorship powers. In conclusion, it is the responsibility of parents of young children to ensure that their children's books are suitable for their son or daughter. Now, if it's just a regular library, with both adults and kids, then I'd say there's no need for a review at all. First, because it's an item of your choice, if you find it objectionable, then don't read it, watch it, or listen to it. Second, it's unfair to someone in the library who likes an item but can no longer use it because some people find it objectionable. People would also start saying they didn't think the project was right for the library, just because they didn't like the period. Finally, library members will have the same rights as librarians. So many members feel so different about items that a lot of different items go off the shelves and end up running out of books. In conclusion, I personally don't think the library needs to be reviewed. It is not needed because parents of smaller children should have sufficient responsibility to check their children's belongings, and also because there can be a big conflict between what to take off the shelf and how much to take from the shelf. Therefore, I believe the library does not need to be reviewed.
I know some people find some books offensive and mean cruelty or racism, but most of the time people write @CAPS4 because that's how they feel or what people want to read. Books are a privilege and we should be able to use that privilege. People need to know that it's okay for books to be a little harsh at times. @CAPS1 is not the friendliest place ever, books can help convey that, and it hurts less to experience @CAPS4 in person. I know all books should stay on the shelf just because it offends someone doesn't mean you should cancel @CAPS4. For every book, someone will find @CAPS4 offensive for something. If the reason is that it's objectionable, then all books should disappear. If someone is taking the time to go out and write and book and make sure everything about @CAPS4 is correct, why should we stop them from letting people read @CAPS4. They have the right to write @CAPS4, we have the right to read @CAPS4, which should not be accepted by anyone right away. If someone wrote a book about hollocost, people would get really pissed about it, but they wouldn't try to catch @CAPS4. So why should any book be any different because it's not a big event like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. It seems so high profile for people who go out of their way to get rid of a book just because @CAPS4 offended them. I think they just need to suck @CAPS4 and move on. If they don't like @CAPS4 then don't read @CAPS4. People who want to read don't take it away from people who want to read @CAPS4. I remember one time someone wanted to read a book in the library and they said, 'Oh, you can't read that book because @CAPS4 was found offensive. ' @CAPS4 makes me insist they will determine how others feel about a book. @CAPS4 makes me so angry that they start guessing what other people think of a book. They must be amazing because I don't know they know how other people feel about a book or anything. We do have books here behind the librarian's desk, and if you really want to read that book, put it behind her desk. I agree with this because at least they have @CAPS4 for people to read, if they really want to. If they have books they think are too offensive to people, I think that's what should happen. As a citizen of @ORGANIZATION1, at least trying to hold on is right. Let's throw another aspect about money here. The book you desperately wanted to take from the library was probably bought by you, the taxpayer. So you and a lot of other people paid for the book, and now you want to waste that money. After paying @CAPS4, it's crazy that you want to waste that money. It just made me want to say wow, you really want to be upset with a book. @CAPS4 Does it make you feel better because you've been bothered by a book and now it's gone. Good for you, mission accomplished. All you do is get irritated and you waste your money. People just need to understand the bigger picture, not just themselves but others. They offended me by taking a book down because you were offended. This pisses me off because now you've ruined something that shouldn't have been deleted. That's how I feel about this subject. I'm frustrated that people will do this and go to great lengths to ban the library from leaving the library. How would you feel if you wrote a book and people did it to you. I know you feel like someone would treat your hard work this way. One just needs to calm down, smell the roses and forget about the insignificant things. Take a step back and think about it and say, "If I take this book off the shelf, will it really affect me?" @CAPS4 also pissed me off that the library bought the book, Now it's gone and the money is only down to the waist because the book just disappeared. This is how I feel about borrowing books.
Do citizens have the right to have books, magazines, and other materials removed from the shelves because they personally disagree with the content? Library review is a topic with no clear answer. Some believe they have a right to get rid of books, music and movies with material they deem "objectionable". Others argue that library review is wrong and that people should have access to whatever material they like. Censorship is just a way of blocking the knowledge of those who wish to learn more about the world outside of their own. In @DATE1's society, there are no limits. The human imagination can create beautiful works of literature, art and music, but it can also create material that is not suitable for every age group. Library review is a way to keep this "inappropriate" material away from young and curious eyes. However, @MONTH1 doesn't allow kids to see @MONTH1's content which is perfectly fine for mature adults. Censorship is purely opinion. If a person believes that @CAPS1 created the world in 7 days, they might find it offensive to see a book or movie that supports evolution. If parents don't want their kids to watch @CAPS2, they'd rather their kids don't see the @CAPS2 disk in the kids area for their kids to see. If one person has a deep grudge against @CAPS4, it's not fair to anyone else if all @CAPS5 content is removed from library shelves. If a person does not wish to be exposed to certain "offensive" subjects, then they do not have to expose themselves to it. But they don't have the right to remove it from the point of view of others @MONTH1 wishing to educate themselves on the above. Writing is a form of self-expression, a method of expressing feelings and ideas and sharing them with others. It is also a way of teaching and informing others of the past. But if what is written is not shared, how does one form one's own opinions and ideas without being exposed to the opinions of those outside the community? It's not fair to stop someone from learning a topic just because one or two people are against the content. If books and movies are removed that contain information that is unacceptable to one person, then others have the right to remove material of their choice. In the end, there will be nothing because everyone is offended by one thing or the other. That's one of the benefits of being a @CAPS6 citizen: freedom of speech. By living at @LOCATION1, a person has the right to read or learn anything they like. Censorship prevents learning from those who want it. Parents may be the biggest advocates of library censorship. It is understandable not to want their children exposed to explicit or graphic material. But just because they don't want their kids watching a movie about demon worship or the @CAPS7 era doesn't mean parents have the right to prevent everyone else from watching. Children need to be exposed to these things at some point to encourage open-mindedness and acceptance of others. Libraries provide a source through which young people can learn about the religions, beliefs and practices of the outside world. Parents should not decide what to put on library shelves; if they don't want their children exposed to certain subjects, don't let them go to the library. In conclusion, it can be said that library censorship is a matter of opinion. Citizens have the right to read, listen or watch any material they like. True, it is acceptable for parents to keep their children away from certain subjects, but it is not acceptable for the same parents to prevent others in the community from learning. The freedom to express personal opinions in literary form is meaningless if literature cannot be shared with others. As Katherine Paterson once said, '...then there are no books on any of us' shelves.
Why do we have books that are considered offensive? If they are inappropriate, why do we keep putting those books, magazines, movies and most importantly music in the world? Let me tell you why, because unfortunately the folks in @LOCATION1 are out of the @CAPS1-duty time, @PERSON1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and many other non-offensive shows. But the shows, books and movies airing today are very inappropriate for younger audiences. @DATE1 @TIME1 comics are over, at least good comics like @CAPS4 and @PERSON3, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS5 etc. I used to watch these comics that taught me how to be @CAPS6, @CAPS7 and @CAPS8 are gone . With cartoons now supposed to be good for kids, all showing the same thing @CAPS22 and @CAPS22 @CAPS9, @CAPS10, @CAPS11 and all the other @NUM1 deadly sins. They showed these without explaining anything that would help a kid's life, and @CAPS22 @CAPS12. We can @CAPS23 get books off the shelves, directors quit directors, rappers quit rap, or stop pornography, but we can limit it to a certain extent. Beside the black market or adult store @CAPS22 it will always be spent there. Thankfully, there are ways to get your kids to watch these shows. Restrictions on TV, making offensive books, magazines in the library a (n) restricted area where no one without @NUM2 can enter. @CAPS22 has a lot to say about the music out there. It's probably very objectionable to @CAPS22. I was born and raised in old-fashioned country music, which unfortunately has gone to dogs. Sorry, the change in music started at the beginning of @LOCATION2 @CAPS13, with the hippies. While they all jumped on to @CAPS14, @CAPS15, and @CAPS16, they brought new @CAPS17 and @CAPS18. So it's been here @NUM3 years, @CAPS22 @CAPS23 gone. What we can do @CAPS22 Hope our kids @CAPS23 turn on @CAPS22 and tune into that crap radio and say '@CAPS19 sounds like good music. There have been porn magazines since @PERSON2 was at its peak. It @CAPS22 @CAPS23 will stop whatever we do. All we can @CAPS22 keep it out of our lives. We can try to keep it out of our children's eyes, but it will @CAPS23 help them be known to the world forever. I think we should move these to another part of the library where only adults can reach if it can be done in the library. Then we'll move to the music, and then the show. Remember it's going to be out all the time, all we can do is @CAPS20 @CAPS22 to keep it as far away from our kids as possible. We can't stop it, but we can try to keep it out of sight. With the willpower of @CAPS20, it can be done. FAIL @CAPS22 @CAPS23 @CAPS24 @CAPS25 ! ! !
Library @CAPS1 or @CAPS2? This world is different from other worlds, but some of our ideas are blocked because it is absurd to be offended there. There are a lot of objectionable things in the library such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc... but if they are so objectionable to some people, why keep complaining? Tell someone else. Now, the library is where people can relax and pick up @CAPS1 books to read. Why put it back when they stumbled across this book so offensive. Say something and tell the manager that this book is too offensive to keep in the library. The kids in the library might be looking for something to read, and they @MONTH1 stumbled across a very inappropriate movie. Stuff like this shouldn't be in a public library. As a @CAPS3.S citizen, I believe something like that should be removed for shevles. Why did they appear in this world in the first place. Now some of these books need to be reviewed. Because of all the @CAPS2 words in there, kids will probably accept all this foul language. How about some of this music, don't you think some of the lyrics might offend some people? When rock stars, rapists, etc... write lyrics there, they don't think about what other people think of them. They might just put the worst language in a song they don't care about, they just want the money. That's why you should put your foot down and say it's overkill, why not censor some of your lyrics? Why not write a letter stating your concerns. Items in the library, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be checked and blacked out. Some of them shouldn't even show up in the library. Now that there are kids in the library, why would you put something like that in a public library. Let's take magazines as an example, magazines have a lot of content about sex, drugs and other related stuff. Some people might like it, but it takes a twelve year old boy to pick up something like this and start reading it. For me that was wrong, I don't know about anyone else, but it shouldn't show up in the library. Now I've been to the library because there's something inappropriate there. But I don't really think about anything, but when I see an 11-year-old boy reading about drugs, sex, and violence, he might take it. He saw this in the book, so why not try something in the book. There are some shocking things in this world right now, but it's horrific to put something like this in a library. This is where the review comes in by editing a lot of things in the library. People don't care now and in the days, but they should start caring more. This is just my opinion, why I think it's wrong to put all this @CAPS2 stuff in a public library. I think it's something kids don't need to see what you think
I believe that if that book, music or magazine is objectionable and people don't like it, then maybe they should remove themselves from the library. There are so many things out there that people love to read and listen to. mm maybe for those who don't like it, they can go to other libraries. There are many such people around us. If a person doesn't like what they see in the library, why go back? This may offend some people, but not everyone. So if people try to fight to remove them, the people who like them will be pissed because they like to read it and they have fun. Like I said before, if they don't like it, there are many more libraries that probably won't be there. Libraries should be able to put what they want on their shelves. They can put it on the back and anyone who wants it can go and claim it. Or they can put something where you know what's there and go in if you don't like it. There is more than one shelf in the library, if you don't like it don't go there. If there's a signup, then you'll have a reason to go there and get angry and complain about it. You have to consider other people in this regard too. People who like it go to the library to read books, listen to music, rent a house, read magazines, they can do that again. Then they get angry, and then there's another fight. Anyone would have that much drama, I don't. This is too much for me and Hanle. People are like this now. No one would know what I would do without books, music, movies or magazines. How would you feel if you lost it? Probably not happy. I believe books, music, movies and magazines should stay on library shelves. Just because there are a handful of people who don't like it and want to fight for it, really should sit back and see what they're up to. There is more than one library in this world. If you don't like what the library puts on your shelves, get a new one. It's not worth fighting over what's on the library shelf and spending so much money on something that few people have these days. Not even worth it. Like I said before you don't like it. Don't look at it, read it. Listen, nothing. Just stay away from it and you won't be offended.
Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelf if found objectionable? No, I don't think so, these items should stay on the shelf at the appropriate age. If you are over 18, you should be able to choose any theme they want. If you are under the age of 18, there should be an age requirement and parental consent. For those under 18, when they get a library membership, they should verify their date of birth and what their parents require their children to be able to read, play or watch. Libraries and bookstores should rate magazines or books, just like movies. This will reduce parental anger at children listening to music or reading inappropriate books, magazines or video games. Bookstores may now be charged if they sell these books to underage children without parental consent. It's pretty much the same thing as selling alcohol or cigarettes to minors. From what I've observed about my brother, Mom chose to let him play inappropriate video games. For example, these games include violence, sex, drugs and foul language. As a result, I noticed that my brother did not obey and respect my mother as much as he should. He also often misbehaved at school. This is just one of many examples I know of. Even if parents allow their children to watch objectionable movies, play inappropriate video games or read certain books that are not appropriate for his/her age, they should still reach a certain age. Some parents make bad parenting decisions that will be reflected later in life. So my overall opinion is no. Keep books on the shelf for those mature enough to watch, read, or play. If they restricted the sale of these items to minors, these kids @DATE1 wouldn't have as many crimes. Violence, drug crime or abuse will decrease. Remember all this. @organization1
In the media today, there are many things that can be offensive. Movies, books, songs, and magazines are just a few examples of things people might find offensive. I believe that anything thrown into the media has a purpose. If someone thinks something is offensive, I think they should take what they think is offensive from themselves, not from other people. When a song artist writes a song, they put what they did into the song for a reason. Sometimes they do this to convey a point to the audience. When someone finds a movie offensive, there's a reason for that. This is to illustrate the point. If people find this film offensive, they shouldn't succumb to it at all. If they don't watch the movie, they have nothing to be offended. Certain books in the library are considered offensive by some people simply because they disagree with what is in them. If you disagree with something in the book, don't just take the book off the shelf and throw it away. Others might enjoy reading that book. If the book is thrown away, no one will have a chance to read it except the person who threw it away. I don't think media deemed offensive to certain members of the public should be removed. Not everyone finds something in the media offensive. Again, everything put on the market and in the media has a purpose. Its purpose is to make this clear to others.
Certain books, magazines, music and movies should not be placed on library shelves. Children can learn rude or annoying things that their parents may not be suitable for their children. There are things in the library that can be objectionable, like biased books or music. Music often uses swear words or states certain political views. Libraries need to control this in the right way. Getting rid of material is not something that should be done. Libraries need to better monitor certain parts of the library. They can do this by not keeping the child away from the parent. This way parents can know and control what their children see. Then there is the question of offending people. These problems can be solved simply by posting signs at various locations in the library. These flags can be in large bold type, stating "some content in this section may be offensive", "requires @CAPS1 control at this time". Libraries should be more aware of how people feel about how it is set up and presented to the public. Libraries should put themselves in the shoes of the public and see what their children would like if some of this stuff was shown to them. Also, look at things in a way that something might offend to solve the problem. Once, while I was in the library, I was offended by a title that went against my religious beliefs. After seeing that, I figured if they were a sign or something around to warn me, I wouldn't have to see that. Similar things happened in the library, like once my brother rented a movie that my parents didn't approve of. But with the way the library is set up and controlled, my brother was able to rent the movie and sneak past my parents. Other kids like my brother might do the same thing, only worse, like read an inappropriate magazine or read a book that some parents don't approve of. These types of events need to stop before something really bad happens. Libraries need to take control and show that they know how to present things to the public in an appropriate way. The behavior that's happening in libraries today is not good. Raising the flag and requiring @CAPS1 controls can reduce, if not eliminate, these unsanctioned incidents
Offensive stuff should be removed for a number of reasons, which will be explained later. Something in a magazine should be suitable for people to see. The number one reason they should be removed from the shelves is that it might offend important people like @ORGANIZATION1's president or your state's @CAPS1. If a topic in a reading offends someone, what should they say to defend themselves. No one will want to change anything if they don't speak up. What I don't understand is why people let that ridiculous stuff appear in magazines, music and movies anyway. Even if the movie is a little different. Movies are mostly just ideas that people come up with. So if people are offended, just pretend to start. Offending things in the book, the author may have a reason. This may be offensive, but people need to know this in case it's related to someone you know. For example, I read an article in the newspaper about our current president. @PERSON1 was asked about his birth certificate. People don't believe he was born in @LOCATION1. I personally think he was actually born in @CAPS2.S. But of course, they did see his proof that he was a member, so the mess should be thrown and forgotten. It wasn't necessary in the first place. I wonder what was on his mind when someone asked him that question. I'm sure someone will see it before he becomes president.
What if someone finds your favorite book offensive? Inappropriate material does need to be kept out of the childish mind of a child. On the other hand, you can't keep people away from things they should know or already know. Everyone has different things they find objectionable, so one person might think a book is too bad and should be recalled from the shelf, but another @MONTH1 thinks it's okay. Children need to be protected from @MONTH1 material that harms them in some way. Children do what they see and hear, so it's easy for them to try and deal with harmful content they read. The bad influence could even be a magazine where famous celebrities are caught breaking the law or doing bad things, young people think it's "cool" and @MONTH1 tries to follow suit. What children and young people see and hear at home, on TV and even at school is far worse than what they see and hear in certain books. Children need to be protected, however, you cannot prove the life of the baby. They will have a lot of bad influences in their lifetimes there, however, it should be the job of parents to teach their children to say no and stay away from bad things. Kids can learn a lot worse from library stuff just at home. Libraries are places for the public, and the public includes all kinds of people, and there are always people who find something annoying. People have different opinions, beliefs and religions, and books about these may offend some people but offend the way of life of others. As Katherine Paterson famously said, if we take down every book or material that someone finds offensive, there will be no books in the library at all. Yes, some books don't always look good to some people, but if they're the ones who want to read them, they should have the right to be read. It's not the library's job to prejudice certain books just because someone disagrees. Books should be as broad as the people who read them. If children learn the morals that allow them to make mature choices, they too can be safe from books
I believe any book or movie in the library is there for a good reason. The world is full of things that can hurt and make people feel bad about themselves, and there are things in the world that make you feel like you're on top of the world. Yes, there are some things kids can see and some they shouldn't, and it's likely that these things won't be shown to students until their mature and responsible age. Life is full of many things, and as children grow, they will be taught to exhibit things that parents find uncomfortable. For example: books about sick people, books about love, movies with abuse and sex scenes, violence, some parnet don' @CAPS1 even want their kids to see a simple kiss on the cheek. I find it weird because things like this happen in life. On the other hand, if your kids are doing what they're supposed to be doing @CAPS1, that's fine. filming. I also agree that @NUM1's kids @CAPS1 should be considered sexual and show what's in women and what's in boys. Their thoughts shouldn't even be @CAPS1. Books, movies, @CAPS1.v shows should' @CAPS1 be removed because they show what life is about and what happens when you get older.
Debate is a major part of today's society. Everyone has their own opinion on how things should be in the world, and no one is necessarily right. Books showing how other cultures behave, seem offensive to the people described in @MONTH1, which is important because we as people need to absorb as much as possible from other cultures. We operate in other countries, many people who live in @LOCATION1 speak multiple languages, and people have the right to read @MONTH1 content that actually offends a certain race. Businesses thrive in other countries. A lot of our country's revenue comes from our factories and companies in other countries. @LOCATION2 is where a lot of @ORGANIZATION2's business happens. If we, as @CAPS1, cannot understand @CAPS2, how can we learn their business approach and way of life? To @CAPS2, these books @MONTH1 are offensive, but to us they are learning tools to describe the @CAPS2 culture. Bilingualism is a trend that millions adhere to. High school requires us to learn some foreign languages, even if it's just the basics. The school does this so that we can go to work in other countries. Learn their language and habits from books. Mexicans may not like the way we portray them in our stories, but it's necessary to understand them. In @ORGANIZATION1, there are all kinds of freedoms that we @CAPS1 can use freely. Free speech means when we live in @LOCATION1 we can say what we want. Books are not excluded from this rule. I'm sure other countries have offensive books about us too. This is a common theme on a global scale. Businesses thrive abroad, so we must be able to read some books about them, even if they seem offensive. Learning new things is something that every school will teach and there should be no limit to what we can learn. If a book has vulgar language and pornographic scenes, it should be removed from the library's children's section, not banned outright. This is the same situation with other populations. They don't get mad at what we have to say because what is said about them is worse than what we might have written in the book. Learning is a necessary tool of our society and should not be restricted by any means.
Books are very important to our society. They hold a special place in our hearts and contain most of the knowledge of our world. Everyone has their own opinion on what should or should not be put in a book. I expressly agree that small children should not buy books that contain explicit content and should not be read. However, some people, myself included, have checked out or purchased books before realizing what they are depicting. I don't think anything that contains something should be removed from the shelf. I can think of many books that are still on the shelves of many school libraries and public libraries that might be offended. Any book about @CAPS1 or even @CAPS2 @CAPS3 like '@CAPS4 @CAPS5's @CAPS6' is probably used in the wrong context. These books do contain language that is not suitable for children. But we still see them on the shelves. why? Because these books and many others are very important to us. Books should stay on the shelves because, as Kathryn Patterson ably points out, "...then we don't have any books on the shelves for any of us to use." @CAPS7 Means , if everyone took out books they thought were personally offensive, there would be no books. Books are essential for learning things. We put all our knowledge into it, even hundreds, even thousands of years ago. When libraries in @LOCATION2 are burned and/or destroyed, we think our knowledge is gone forever. Thank goodness no one knows about the backup system in @LOCATION1. I have read @ORGANIZATION1 myself. I believe it wholeheartedly, but I do know some people who don't believe @CAPS8 and take some of what @ORGANIZATION1 said personally. I believe @ORGANIZATION1 is the most important book in the world. Without @ORGANIZATION1, no one would know the wonderful things our @CAPS8 above has done for us and what he is doing for us now. However, some people can take the offense of what @ORGANIZATION1 said about homosexuality and divorce. But will we allow gay or divorced men and women to take @ORGANIZATION1 off the shelves? of course not! If we don't allow them to take such an important book, why should we allow other books to be taken away? Books are very important to us and our world. They hold the knowledge of our world, and they hold our hearts. Think about what our world, our knowledge, our society would be like if we didn't have these precious things. Can you imagine? I can not. Books are one of the most important things we have in the @CAPS7 world. Just because someone finds something objectionable in a written work doesn't mean that others will too. Books, if they offend anyone, should be on our shelves for future generations to use so they @MONTH1 learn and grow our knowledge of the past
In today's world, children are exposed to a lot of inappropriate things compared to recently. They hear things from older siblings, watch uncensored shows on TV, hear words in music, and even learn from books. One question at hand is whether libraries should or should not dispose of inappropriate books, movies, music and magazines. Children can read whatever they like if their parents allow it, but in today's society some parents don't take the time to care and focus on their work instead. One way society can address this is by placing age limits on books. Sometimes my mom doesn't allow me to read books because it involves issues that I'm not ready to learn. While I'm lucky my mom cares about what I read, some parents don't. That's why age limits help keep our young people humble. Librarians or the National Book Association can decide whether a book's content is age-appropriate. This will take care of kids reading nasty issues they shouldn't know. Also, @CAPS1 books should be more accessible. These types of books teach good morals and how to live a good and fulfilling life. In schools across the country, many @CAPS1 authors are not in public school libraries. By placing these types of books in the library, students will become more aware of them and will likely become interested in and learn from them. Another problem with libraries is music and movies. It's nice to be able to go to the library and watch a CD or even a movie. However, some of them have terrible language and scenes that are not suitable for children. What can the public do about this? Well, demand that all music and videos that are not suitable for children be removed from the library. This will prevent children from seeing and hearing movements they shouldn't be imitating. Movie ratings are there for a reason, so why not use them. Anything above @NUM1 should be a definition no in the library. If there's anything in this movie that kids under 13 shouldn't see, then this movie should be released. Magazines also provide a source of learning. Some are very educational, giving students ideas for a new invention or a way to help others. However, some content is not suitable for children. So, like books, magazines should have ratings. For example, the magazine @CAPS3 has articles for students to read. Magazines like this should be placed in the adult section and not read by students. The magazine also provided images that were recently published illegally. However, by today's standards, they could fit in a magazine. These magazines shouldn't even be allowed in our nation's libraries. American standards for what can be read, watched, watched, and listened to have changed dramatically. Children are learning things they shouldn't know until older, at a very young age. Society needs to strictly limit what is right and what is not suitable for children. Personally, I think there should be very strict restrictions on what children are allowed to watch, read and listen to. My parents were very strict about it, and in the end, I found it helpful in my learning process. Also, I think libraries should get rid of books that would have been humiliating to read in the past. Parents today are not in sync with their children's behavior as they have in recent years. So society needs to have strict rules about what libraries carry and what they don't carry.
This will be an article about whether people find something objectionable in a library or in music that should be censored. It's also about whether you think it should be taken off the shelves because some people find it out of place. My opinion, or my own opinion, is that they should review most of the content in the library and music, but not remove it just because someone finds it objectionable. If you think about it, those uncensored materials (such as books that some people find popular) might be suitable books that others may have grown up with. On the other hand, they should be more careful about this so that when young children listen to the radio or read, they don't get the wrong idea. We should review things, but only to a certain extent, and not go overboard. In the long run, it may help a cleaner and safer population because what is being worn is being reviewed and people don't hear bad words, only good things about life. You never know how much difference this can make. The reason I don't go out and review everything is because you can't stop everyone from doing it. You can always give it a shot, but that's one of the main reasons why I wouldn't try to get rid of it, as Celtans might find it offensive. I can understand that if you take it off there, someone will find it out of place, but just move it to put it on and no one will find it out of place. I'm not saying it's wrong to do this, but I think it could and could piss off a lot of people. But hey, what can I say the government did something we didn't like or couldn't do. That's what I'm going to say.
Books, movies, magazines, music, etc. form an important part of our living entertainment system today. Whether for information or purely for entertainment, many forms of entertainment can be found in your local library today, whereas in the past most libraries only contained books. Although, our entertainment today is very different from then and will be very different from the future. In today's society, books, magazines, music, movies and more can be found in your local library and contain many different types of material. Some material may be information about our solar system or human body. Other material might be a fictional story full of action, horror or romance. Some materials can also be filled with true, life-changing and inspiring stories. Whatever @MONTH1 is, @MONTH1 these types of things are more offensive to some people than others, @MONTH1 is not for young people. Certain books, movies, magazines, music, etc. that contain offensive, inappropriate or rude material should not be banned from libraries simply because those younger than adults should not In general, most libraries are very large and organized into different sections throughout the building. One area might be fiction books, another area non-fiction books, another area might be children's books, another area might be magazines, movies, music, etc., all based on different genres and genres. Just do this for material that should only be read by adults and not by children or teens. Take books that @MONTH1 contains objectionable material, or that @MONTH1 is not suitable for younger than adults, and put them in the library's own section. When a book in that section is checked out, just ask @CAPS1 whoever checked it out to make sure they're an adult. This also applies to movies, magazines, music, etc. placed in the section. Some material @MONTH1 found in the library will offend one person @MONTH1 will not offend others. Taking that objectionable material out of the library won't benefit everyone, @MONTH1 disappointing some who don't find it objectionable. Having these specific materials in their own section is the best way to benefit everyone. As you can see, just because one person @MONTH1 finds some objectionable, rude or inappropriate material in magazines, books, music, movies, etc, doesn't mean everyone else will. It also does not mean that you should completely remove and discard any material found to contain offensive or inappropriate material. Dividing these specific materials into their own sections and normalizing @MONTH1's inspectors is really the best approach. It's good for everyone, so those who want to read the material can still go to their library to check out the book, magazine, etc., and those who don't want to have anything to do with that particular material have no worries of finding objectionable or Unsuitable materials as they will be in their own partition
I don't think certain material should be taken down for censorship. Libraries should provide different sections. Everyone has different opinions on what they like to read or watch. You should do what you want and do it at your own risk. I don't think censorship should affect libraries. Libraries should offer different sections, so there is a children's section, a teen section and an adult section. Children should provide books that only children can read by age group. Kids don't have to worry about censorship because they shouldn't be offered anything the librarian doesn't want them to see, and they should only be able to checkout from their library side. There shouldn't be censorship on the teen side because a lot of kids know a lot of things they shouldn't, so it won't affect them much. Books read by teens are most likely to contain foul language and inappropriate content. Teens reading or seeing things don't really affect them. Teens listen to music they already know what most songs are talking about, so why do libraries only offer censored music? Why are you trying to delete something you already know? There should be no censorship on the adult side, adults should be able to read, watch and watch anything. Adults are the ones who see and hear everything. There's no point in getting rid of what's on the shelf. They already know what to assign. Why get rid of books that other people @MONTH1 read. It's a library, so it should only provide things that increase intelligence, not decrease it. Censorship is pointless, you should do what you want at your own risk. Things in movies, books, magazines are worlds. Why try to stop negativity when it's all around you. If anyone finds something objectionable, let it be that there are a lot of objectionable things in today's society. You pick up what you want to read and make your own choice. Check it out if you have the skills to read it or if it was the right decision. You enter the library at your own risk and choose the criteria or choices you wish to choose. The library is full of different opinions and different likes and dislikes. If you shouldn't be looking at something, then you can choose to get what you want from it. Everyone likes different things like movies, books, magazines and music. If libraries had censorship, they would lose assigned material because of the opinions of people who didn't care about the opinions of others. Everyone likes different things and wants all kinds of things. The library is where you go when you need books, movies, and more. Why shut down someone's opinion on book choice if it's the only type of choice, or books they like to read. I believe censorship should not affect the library. Libraries should have different sections for certain age groups. Library books, magazines and music should all be checked at your own risk. Everyone has different options in the library. If they did pass the decision, censorship would be a bad decision. The library won't provide as much stuff, and most likely less will be checked out. So I do think censorship should not remove books from library shelves
I personally consider certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.; they should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. First, how do we define offensiveness? Is it discriminating against a certain group of people? Will it attract negative attention? Is this something we don't like? Anyone can walk into a library and find something they don't like, but that doesn't automatically mean it's objectionable. National Geographic magazine often has pictures of naked people, as does @CAPS1 magazine. So which one do we have to review? The answer is that we don't put one, because that would lead to a big debate about which is offensive and which is not. This can lead to two different aspects of conflict. It's only aggressive when we make it aggressive. We don't have to watch what we don't like. We all have choices, and we can choose not to pick up what we might find objectionable. @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 don't get along with @CAPS2, but if they're both in the library and both of their holy books are on the shelf, they can't say one's book offends the other because it doesn't match theirs does not match. We sometimes forget that we have amendments that allow us freedom of speech and the press. We @MONTH1 don't like what a person posts, but it doesn't make their work objectionable because it's probably aimed at a certain group that likes it, and it's not offensive to them. Everything in the library has a purpose, and if it doesn't serve our purpose, then it doesn't offend us. A library is a place to store books, music, movies, magazines, and more. We come to the library to borrow books for research and study. We also went to the library to read the latest book in the series. Censorship of these things is not going to allow us to do that. We couldn't complete our research project because someone thought a book was offensive, or we couldn't listen to a new album released by @CAPS3.Dre because some thought the lyrics were too offensive. Censorship would be more disturbing to the public than no censorship, because if everyone could see what they wanted from the library, everyone would be satisfied
We all hope that one day our kids won't pick up a book or magazine they shouldn't be reading. Kids don't know better. But why do we censor movies, books, etc., causing their kids to be everywhere. If I had the right to put books etc on the shelf, I would. I think we should be able to put uncensored books on the shelf. If everything is censored, we really have nothing left to read or see. It's not fair to the world to censor everything. Everyone should be able to watch whatever they want without having to censor it. If people's favorite movies or music were censored, they might not be as entertaining, and they'd likely stop watching. I don't think they should review the library. Certain material in songs like CDs does sometimes feel a little offensive, but that's life. If you think it's offensive, don't listen to it. That doesn't mean they have to take it off the shelf. Maybe other people like that kind of music and so on. That doesn't mean they have the right to cancel it because of it. It would be really unfair if they did. Kids these days see more and know more things they shouldn't know, like curses. If a kid happens to see a curse in a library magazine, their parents will get mad, that's what's in the magazine. Parents shouldn't get really angry and take an offensive attitude and think it shouldn't be on them. Libraries shouldn't censor the cause of that. Sooner or later the kids will hear it or see it again. I reserve the right to leave the librarian uncensored if I have the decision. These are some of my thoughts that they shouldn't censor movies, music, etc. in the library.
The library has a variety of materials, from books to movies. Most of these are aimed at general audiences, many of whom can read or watch whatever they want. However, some of the literature and other materials you @MONTH1 find in the library are not applicable to some people, such as young children. Censorship requires material that these specific people shouldn't read from everyone. Many people want censorship not just in the library, but in many areas of their lives. Censorship isn't terrible, but it does limit people who normally have access to a topic to general categories. Not everyone likes to read the same things as others. Others then likes and dislikes are offensive questions. Everyone finds something objectionable. Just because you find a bold statement doesn't mean you should persecute people interested in the subject. Because protecting children from things they shouldn't read is simple. Libraries often have dedicated children's areas where children at @MONTH1 can choose materials appropriate to their age range. More often I don't like to read what I like than what I'm forced to read. Censorship takes away the joy of reading. Since there is no censorship, everyone will be happy that they can read what they like. It also allows different people to have different books
The author is writing about taking the book off adults who don't want the book is the end of them not having a book. They take out books with bad words or pictures in them. Well, I really don't believe they should take them out because some of them are doing so well. Well, I don't like reading, I don't really like reading, but I have to do it anyway, and I don't think it should be eliminated. I really don't think it should be taken out for some reason, it's better to have them so kids can read and learn from the pictures. Some books are fine for kids, and for elementary school kids, the only thing they like is books with pictures in them. @CAPS1 School and middle school kids love chapter type books and fun books. Parents wish they had educational books that would help children learn new words and school related things. Books are the kind that adults want, with a lot of knowledge and school-related stuff. They want children to understand what they are reading. But yeah, I don't think they should take out the bbok they have, they should leave it to the kids because there is at least educational value for them. So adults have more education students can rely on
I believe that materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be objectionable. I think it's because people have different perceptions and perceptions of certain types of things, including religion, culture, and sexuality. Some people can be protected by it, but others may be informed and learn new facts that they don't know yet. People don't see things the same way. Everyone has their own way of life and different ideas. If someone felt the book offended them, they would take it off the shelf. One by one people will find other material objectionable and what it will leave us with. No more books, music, movies and magazines. Let's face it, everyone has different beliefs, values and purposes, but taking material off the shelf because they find it offensive is ridiculous to me. I say if they find it offensive, stop reading the book or magazine. Dislike a movie and stop watching it, just like music stop listening to it. It's that simple. Materials give us resources and we learn new things. We wouldn't be as smart as @CAPS1 if we didn't have material like books, music, movies, and magazines. Americans are about freedom and the right to speak our minds. So taking the material off the shelf is not the solution
Yes, we should keep books, music, movies, magazines. Magazines and music may not be a good thing for some of us because people have to use music to support work, and magazines can help us get the subject of classwork. Why would anyone take books or anything that helps in our lives, so people who want to take books should live alone. So for this, we should put books, music, movies, magazines on the shelf. We need to start fighting for what we want and what we want instead of letting people know what's good for us.
I do think that if one wants to read books or magazines, one should take books, magazines, music, movies, etc. off the shelf. If another person wants to read the book or magazine, they just have to wait until the book or magazine is put back on the shelf. If the other person wants to listen to music or watch a movie, they should do the same. Sometimes you just have to sit and think about what books, magazines, movies, music, etc. are, and why they are on the shelf if you can't read, listen, or watch. Books and magazines should be read, not just sitting and presenting. Music should be listened to and movies should be watched. I agree that the reason magazines and books should be taken off the shelves is because they are made to entertain you. A book or magazine is also produced to grab the reader's attention. Another reason I think books or magazines should be taken off the shelf is to learn new things. An example of learning new things is when you pick up your textbooks when you go to school and you learn different things, like math, learn about history, or learn different things in English class. Magazines and books are made so that different people can take it off the shelf and look at it, even if they just want to see pictures with pictures. I think the reason music should be taken off the shelves is to listen to different music like singing, @CAPS1 & @CAPS2, gospel, or @CAPS1 & @CAPS2 and soul. Also, I think the music should be removed from the shelf because it's meant to be listened to. Some music can teach you what is going on in a person's life or what is going on in their head. Music can inspire people in different ways. Music is a part of life and most people in the world like to listen to different people to inspire them. I think the reason a movie should be taken off the shelves is because its purpose is to watch, not just sit back and have a movie cover entertain people. Movies can also inspire different people to do different things, such as being an actor. Movies tell different stories, such as life stories. Movies also give people something to do when they're bored. To sum it all up, take movies, magazines, books, and music off your computer and put them back so others can enjoy what you've read, seen, or heard. Watching movies and listening to music and reading magazines and books can help people live and @MONTH1 can inspire people. They are made for good reasons, so don't put them just for display. Bring them and use them forever, you'll regret it in the long run. You'll be surprised how different you can learn by reading, listening and watching.
Unlike everyone else @CAPS1 Do people find little things offensive? My opinion is that everyone has their own ideas about what they think will offend them. There are a lot of little things that can be offensive, like books, movies, and music. It's not that having a book on the shelf is horrible or bad, you might think it's objectionable. I find it kind of rude to discriminate against someone for their own property. Books can be a way to learn about someone new. I think sometimes books can tell you more than a person with their own words can tell you. There are so many books that it can be a little offensive to people and even children. I know parents don't like to have a shelf about '@CAPS2' when they get @CAPS2. Not a good thing, of course, but, real parents would consider it. Don't you think we like kids need to know what @CAPS2 really means? Books can tell us a good way or a bad way, but we can learn from it, and you don't even have to talk about it. Movies are like books, in a way, you can see what it's trying to teach everyone in action. I know some movies are as scary as @CAPS3 @CAPS4. It's a scary movie, but we really need to know what actually happens to people. Even the teacher tells you that you have to see it with your own eyes to believe it. It's a great way to watch a movie and learn from it. There are many ways to be offensive in music, but singers are their way of expressing how they feel about things. We can't really discriminate against anyone because of their own beliefs. There are a lot of singers like @CAPS5 @CAPS6 who use a lot of bad words in his songs, but that's how he communicates his feelings to others. Even if the song offends you, it's more of their own opinion, just like our opinions differ from everyone else's. My take on being offended is that we are all different and have our own views on that and we need to respect that. Especially if I wanted to learn something new and someone didn't want to tell me or show me, I would want a book or a movie to learn. Parents just because I'm reading a book or watching a movie or listening to music about bad things don't think I'm going to do things I just want to know about it. I don't want someone to take a book off the shelf, especially if I want to read it. Remember your own opinion of the book not everyone is the same as you
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Environmental features that affect cyclists are lack of information about travel and water scarcity. This is a problem because he needs water for his trip and to keep going.
The characteristics of the environment negatively affect cyclists. He was in the desert, which was dry and hot. "I traveled through the high deserts of California in June." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Also, the temperature was high, making everything around him hot, and "the salt water dropped at around two hundred degrees" (Kurmaskie @number1). Since he was in the desert, there was no way to hide from the sun. The text says, "The sun is starting to set" (Kurmaskie @NUM3). The cyclist was alone on the road and there was no one around, so he passed out and no one could help him. “More and more people are realizing that I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June” (Kurmaskie @NUM1). "About forty miles on the pedals, I got to the first 'town,' but it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town that morning." (Kulmaschi @NUM3). Cyclists don't ride in very good conditions, so they have a negative effect on him; eventually causing him to be dehydrated and tired.
Everyone travels to unfamiliar places. Sometimes we get lost and ask the locals for directions @MONTH1 is not a good idea. The setting affects cyclists. He had a very good map, but asked about the older man who looked like he hadn't been out in a long time. The old men apparently didn't go out because they pointed cyclists in the wrong direction. My advice is, if you carry a perfect map with you, no matter your age, don't listen to anyone. Also try to know where you are going at all times. "Yes, sir!
I believe the characteristics of the cyclist influenced him because he was impatient and trustworthy hot, but his impatience got the best of him, so he took shortcuts. After his experience, his new stats? For MPs, don't trust anyone who hasn't seen a change in the past few years.
Because the environment affects cyclists differently, the story doesn't make sense. The setting of the story is not and dry ghost town. When he arrives at the first "town," he sees "a rickety place that sheds a couple of rusty pumps and a coral that can't hold a lame mule." If the scene has water issues, then the story doesn't There will be conflicts, "in the story, the speaker says 'I'm going through the high desert in California' where it's hot and dry," he says "which leads to the problem of hot and dry weather if the scene is a forest in @DATE1 he's There's no need for water, which makes the story less exciting.
There are many environmental features that affect cyclists. For example, it is very hot and dry. And it was almost empty, almost everywhere he walked through. A scene that lost her features a ram shackle shed, a couple of rusted pumps, and a corral that got stuck in the crappiest of moves. This is to give you an idea of the characteristics if the cyclist feels.
The cyclist was crossing a tower when he stopped to ask for directions. The old men told him to take shortcuts, which he did, and got lost. He's in a ghost town in the desert. In short, the desert is hot.
The cyclist's impact is if it doesn't change. It hurts a lot of people's feelings because they @CAPS1 don't care about cyclists. I'm one of those people who doesn't care about it because it doesn't affect me or anyone I know. Writing people is a big deal, and some of them @CAPS1 blew things up. They talk on tiv and on the radio that all this stuff they say is made up. I don't believe I saw it. @CAPS1 doesn't work for black people because it doesn't do anything for us. We really don't care about the impact of cyclists.
The article "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits" describes a person cycling through California. Right now, California is very hot in the summer, which is when cyclists ride. This setting greatly affects the man's journey. This made it difficult for him to complete his journey. He drank most of the water at the start of the ride so he was very dehydrated. The text says, "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle." As you can see, this setup makes this person's bike ride very difficult.
In the story, "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," by Joe Kurmaskie, represents how certain conditions affect cyclists. The cyclist was riding his bike through the desert to reach Yosemite National Park, but during the trip he encountered a lot of tough conditions that made it difficult to get there. First of all, the desert is very hot and travel is very difficult. For example, the text says, "The sun is starting to set." @CAPS1 makes any task difficult because sunlight drains a person's energy. Second, the trips are long, making it difficult for cyclists to conserve water. For example, this man drank so much water that he almost ran out; "The water bottle contained nothing but dehydration that could lead to death. Joe Kurmaskie's story, "The rough road ahead." Do not exceed published speed limits", indicating how certain conditions of the environment affect cyclists.
The author's "shortcut" setting has greatly affected his performance and strength. Whether it's hills, heat or barren landscapes, all three take their toll on Joe Coomaski. Not only that, but his lack of water also drained his energy. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." The hills were a difficult thing to pass since Joe ran out of energy. He overcomes this exhaustion when a building comes into view. " I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage and tried not to get too excited about what I thought was my last burst of energy. I went down the mountain." Despite the odds, the author overcame all the problems he faced . He seems to have written this to exaggerate the importance of moving on when you feel like giving up. Winston Churchill once said, "Success is not final, and failure is not fatal: what counts is the courage it takes to keep going." I'm sure @PERSON2 agrees.
The set characteristics have a big impact on cyclists! Cyclists are walking through the hot desert. This means he needs a lot of cold water to stay hydrated. The longer he rides in the hot sun and the more he sweats, the more likely he is to be dehydrated. If he rides in rain or snow, it may also slow him down because he will be cold and his muscles may become stiff and unable to move fast. That's why the settings affect cyclists so much.
There are many characteristics that affect cyclists, such as heat and lack of water. The cyclist drinks a lot of water throughout the story and ends up with very little water left. "I relaxed in the past, trying to keep my balance in the dehydration state." That suggests he wasn't getting enough water for his trip to Yosemite. Without water, he/she will die from the heat. "Large circles of dry sweat surround my shirt and I'm getting more and more aware that I might fall with heat stroke" suggesting that not enough water in his @CAPS1 system is dangerous. Properties such as water and heat have always influenced his/her story. Not enough water will make him/her lose more sweat, and heat will make him lose more sweat, which can lead to heat stroke.
The features in the settings affect cyclists in many ways. Initially, when the cyclist was crossing the road, there was a large snake in the middle, which kept him cationic, very disturbed. Also, nothing in and around the desert brings abandonment to the cyclist, and it doesn't help when he's in trouble. In the end, the cyclist was greatly relieved to see the bait shop and the people there. The features in the settings greatly affect cyclists.
The setup features in Joe kurmaksie's "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Speed Limit" greatly influenced the cyclist, causing him to go through a lot of hardships he could have avoided. The old country bumpkin told him a path they thought was the right one, but it was hard and didn't take him to the right place. The character of the scene is described as "flat roads replaced by short rolling hills".
In the article Don't exceed posted speed limits, author Joe Kurmaskie uses the set's features to influence cyclists. A cyclist suffers from these characteristics because he sees the same environment (sweet spot) for miles, he has no water and there are lots of hills on the road. Cyclists might suffer from seeing dessert, and Wahile has no scene change. When you watch the same scene for hours, you may start to get tired and bored with everything. So this caused him to be very dull and boring. Cyclists also have no water because none of the fountains are cold water. No water in dessert can make you dehydrated and faint.
There are many different characteristics in an environment that determine the outcome of events there. My story, bumpy road ahead don't exceed the posted speed limit, the cyclist's journey was affected by some of my weather loud things. The heat was an extreme thing, frustrating him, and in most cases preventing his ability to read at his highest level. Also, the time you place this lab greatly affects cyclists. In the end, the type of road and amount of ground he has to cover affects his performance. Overall, the environment can be a decisive factor in life's journey
The context of the story affects cyclists in many ways. Since he was riding in the California desert, he was always hot and always thirsty. Other than that, the area he was in seemed desolate. He found only old abandoned buildings. He didn't find anyone. There were no people or cars, nor any sign of modern civilization. It made him feel a little uneasy, as if something happened and no one knew. This was especially noticeable when he was dehydrated. In these respects, cyclists are greatly influenced by the environment.
In @PERSON1's story "Rough Road Ahead," the character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. One way the environment affects cyclists is that in the desert, cyclists drink more water than they used to. For example, the text states "I hit my water bottle a lot and I travel through the high deserts of California in June. You will drink more water in the desert than in the forest. If you ride a bike, be aware of your surroundings because They affect you.
Some features of this setting affect cyclists. First, cyclists followed the advice of veteran drivers on how to get to Yosemite National Park. Their advice didn't work, and it didn't help her in the end. Next, she thought the "seeded tar-like substance" would be water. Then the terrain becomes "short, rolling hills" which doesn't help, her bike is better. In the end, "rolling weeds crossed my path, and a snake that was ridiculously large" slowed her down. All these roadblocks in the scene affect cyclists.
Environmental features that affect cyclists are lack of water, outdated information and rolling hills. If he had up-to-date information, he might be drawing water from a town that wasn't as empty or nearly empty as what cyclists call a "ghost town."
A cyclist has several things, if he is racing and the wind is blowing then there is a problem, he has to obey traffic laws and ride on the right side or on the road.
"Don't exceed the published speed limit" has a rough setting between something dangerous and death-defying heat. Cyclists have to suffer from dehydration and determination. He was wrongly instructed and nearly killed him. He is traveling through the desert and claims the temperature is @NUM1. Also, cyclists had to ration water because our character was passing through a ghost town. He uses the natural skills he once learned to start sucking on pebbles that quench his thirst and use saliva to help flush your throat. Throughout his adventure, everything has kept the young man from fetching water, and faster when it is available. He survived and will never take shortcuts again
An example of affecting a cyclist is when he has water locks in a ghost town. He ground the water, but a tar-like substance came out that tasted like batteries. When he left, he had to go through rough roads, and he couldn't drive on such a fast incline.
Cyclists have a hard time getting to Yosemite National Park. This is because the sun is out, and it's mid-June. I'm so hot that a cyclist dehydrates faster than he does on a cool day. When he twitched the handle of that old rusty water pump, he said there was a feeling of water, "somewhere around two hundred degrees. The cyclist also had to deal with a lot of "short undulating hills," which were less than flat. The roads are harder to bike. On top of that, the roads are in very bad condition, so you have to watch out for rocks on the road.
The cyclist in the story was initially confident in accepting help from the elderly, and did not seem to suspect that something was wrong when he first started. The way the men directed him all seemed to prepare him for his water supply, and the first landmark, now a ghost town, is exactly where it should be. The next "town" he arrives has nothing to replenish his dwindling water supply, and he begins to feel troubled. However, he was told the next town was not far away, so he moved on. Then the landscape changed dramatically, the flat roads turned into hills, the sun was getting hotter and hotter - the tumbleweed really looked like a desert after it passed! Despite being very dehydrated, the cyclist kept going. What came next was an old juice building that almost seemed to mark how he was without water. However, he moved on and finally saw a store where he could fetch water. Pale vistas take cyclists from confidence to apprehension to despair and finally relief.
Well, I will say this, the weather has something to do with it, because it's not the weather that makes you feel tired and restless, it's easy to get angry, so now it's making you restless, and then it's stress.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in two ways. This way is spiritual and spiritual. The physical way that a feature affects a cyclist is terrain. This can be exhausting for cyclists if the road is long and winding. They may also feel physically tired if the hill is steep. It can be disgusting when you fight gravity. Temperature can also be a key factor in a cyclist's physical ability. No one imagines being in a sauna when they ride their bikes. Cyclists are also drawn to the spirit. If the terrain looks inhospitable or desert-like, cyclists will instinctively think "dehydrated" and "dead." If some people see dead animals or bones, they think they might die. If they see vultures circling around them, they'll be scared and think death, but even worse, knowing that all these things are in the same place at the same time. This is how the settings affect cyclists
The setting of the story is creepy. As the cyclist rode, the sun began to hit him. The cyclist started sweating from the heat, so he drank almost all the water. Right now, cyclists are experiencing severe heat, sweat and dehydration. The California desert is an eerie place, especially in June. Luckily the cyclist did make it to a camp and found fresh food and water before he would eventually continue on to Yosemite National Park
When the cyclist travels to Yosemite National Park, he encounters many of the features of the area that affect him. First, he got directions from some old people who knew nothing about map changes because they never left the porch. At first, it had a positive effect on him because he thought he had a shortcut to Yosemite. However, this effect later turned negative as it turned out to be a shortcut that never existed. Another feature that affects him wastes a desert-like environment. The heat made it harder for him to ride the bike, and he drank a lot of water. This later caused him to become dehydrated. One positive is that he found the bait shop, where he hydrated himself and found some new directions.
The functionality of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. The setting is dessert, so you know it's going to be hot and dry. Because of the heat, the cyclist needs more water because he is dehydrating. And when he is dehydrated due to dry mouth it becomes dry. @CAPS2 because he saw sometimes dangerous wild animals in dessert, in the story he saw a ridiculous @CAPS1 rhomboid snake, I thought it was poisonous, @CAPS2 'because' he realized what he had eaten Dessert is very hot? ? ? Chances of heat stroke decrease. @CAPS2 The author says dessert has short rolling hills and rough roads? ? ? Tired of cyclists. Because of this terrain, the way you ride your bike suffers.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in many different ways. One example is the hot sun hitting him, making him very thirsty. Another feature is that the rough roads tire cyclists. My last example is an old juice factory with a picture of a refreshing glass of juice that makes the cyclist want to give up because he thinks he's going to die of dehydration. These are the reasons why the features I set affect cyclists in many different ways.
In the article, mshan writes that cyclists have to overcome rough rides to reach the @CAPS1 gole.
Understanding, Reality, Patterns are all reasons for how settings affect settings. If a book has a good setting, the book is probably pretty good. When you have a setup, what they're trying to do today is more volatile. It's more real if you have a good setup so when you read it, you don't get thrown off, and the mode of the story makes all the difference because usually books have ups and downs. That's why they chase patterns.
The context of the story affects the cyclist, dehydrating him, which can lead to heat stroke. "I probably fell from heatstroke" would indicate that it was hot outside, and if he could fall from heatstroke, he would feel bad.
The terrain on a cyclist's journey affects him a lot. For example, the first terrain he experienced was not very hilly, but flat and soothing. "I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face," the author said, indicating that he was full of energy and joy. However, readers can foresee that the journey will not always be this pleasant, as cyclists are basically in the desert in the summer, where it is very hot. The cyclist then went through hilly terrain that sucked life out of him, especially since he was out of water. "Sometimes life can get so cruel," said the cyclist, emphasizing that the cyclist's mood has shifted from enthusiasm to exhaustion and loneliness. This emotional shift from the terrain can be linked to real life because of the obstacles in which one has to persevere and be strong to overcome, which the cyclist finally did.
The features in the story have a big impact on cyclists. One feature that affects a cyclist's setup is heat. At first, the story said the pine trees cooled the cyclist, but eventually the forest turned into a desert and the heat poured on him, making it difficult to ride the bike. Another feature that affects cycling is lack of water. The cyclist drank a lot of water as he left the starting point. But when he needed to add water, the water was brown and hot, so the cyclist didn't drink it. The lack of water combined with the heat created a formidable obstacle that could have killed him, but with great determination the cyclist got through this unsettling time.
The narrator of this story goes through a difficult journey, holding on to hope, challenging physical pain, despair and relief. All are further developed by the environment in which they occur, for example, he is traversing the desert of California after taking the advice of a campsite old man. If he was almost anywhere else, his journey could have been much better. He could have gotten more reliable advice, or in a town not too far away. Also, once he encountered a snake on the road. This may symbolize a decision to go and how it will affect the outcome of his trip, or it may be a decision he has already made. Take advice from a stranger, better yet he should use it. The irony continued as he became dehydrated and the flat land turned into hills. If that hadn't happened, he could have been more successful and healthy on the trip. The background of this man's story is to have a plot and a sense of humor. For example, if he's in town, he doesn't get lost and trapped, so there's no story.
The scenes in the story have changed several times. It starts in an area with rivers and pine trees. Then the cyclist arrives in a town. After that, he was hit by the scorching sun and hilly road. With so little water left, cyclists use all their energy to get to a town where they can get a drink. This environment makes the cyclist's journey difficult.
The feature set affects the story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit" It's morning and everyone is still sleeping and he wakes up in the morning with something to do and when he stops at the first place he thinks they're all old and old Crazy, he thinks these places need repairs because the houses are falling apart. Then.. leave and see these wide hills. Conclusion I will never finish all the rides he does.
The setting affects the cyclist as he is in the desert with no water and doesn't know where he is going. Now he's lost in the desert, and the old man on the porch is giving him the wrong direction. Cyclists find the willpower to keep going and seek help along the way. He found another old man there and he gave him directions but he said he had a map
The scenes in the story are very discouraging for cyclists. As he followed the old man's advice and started his journey, he noticed "no one in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind". When he said "there are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle," he used the tone to describe the way things were. He went out of his way to describe how difficult his journey was. He described the sweltering heat in the California desert, pedaling, "a long, severe hill." The terrain didn't make his ride easy at all. The weather, the rolling hills and the lack of water made him frustrated. If he's on flat terrain on a cool day, he'll be fine in the first place.
The function of this setting has a big impact on cyclists. The scorching sun shone on him, making him sweaty and thirsty. Rough roads and hills made him work harder. The abandoned place made him lose hope. If faced with these obstacles, I would suffer the same. I believe that any human being does.
Characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists. Features of the environment or nature can affect a cyclist because they can exhaust her. The cyclist was going to Yosemite City, but some people gave her shortcuts. The shortcut through this is hilly and hot and dehydrated. @CAPS1 described it, "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage and tried not to get too excited." @CAPS1 Glad to have a building where @CAPS1 can get some water. Also, @CAPS1 wiped the sweat from his eyes, which means it's hot outside and @CAPS1 is sweating and losing water. Therefore, the characteristics of the set can affect the cyclist.
The three most important environmental features that affect a cyclist are the ground he is traveling on, the towns he passes through, and the availability of water. The ground a cyclist rides is important because the rougher the terrain and the more hills, the more energy he has to use and the shorter the distance he can travel. @PERSON1 rode well until he had to traverse the rolling hills which drained his energy, drained his water, and led to split hopes. His hopes increased as he approached the town, but quickly faded, realizing that the town would not give him relief. His hopes were dashed again when he pumped out water that tasted like "battery acid." When he saw the bait and tackle shop, he knew he could get there, and when he got there, he could recover. These three characteristics are the ones that have the greatest impact on cyclists.
In the "Bumpy Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Posted Limits" story, the setting affects cyclists. In the middle of the desert in summer, cyclists run out of water. The old men gave him the wrong direction, so mainly the old men thought he was dead. The cyclist survived but the weather and seasons he rides are hot and he might bring another water bottle next time
Some features of the setup affect cyclists, like the road is bad, there are bumps everywhere, which makes it more difficult, and also uses a lot of power. After two hundred degrees, it becomes a road covered with hills.
In the story, many different settings affect the author in many different ways. At the beginning of his journey, he encounters a ghost town. He responds to the characteristics of this environment with humor and hope. "I smiled, checked my water supply, and moved on." He still hopes he's safe and in the right place. The next scene is an abandoned shed with a water pump and forks. He grew up worried when he saw that the nearby towns were still out of sight. "The sight is disturbing." He was desperate and frustrated when the features of the next scene caught his attention. "At some point billowing weeds crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake" He was on rough terrain in the middle of the desert with little water, all his hopes were gone when he reached the abandoned @CAPS1 factory shattered, when he planned to die. "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up." @CAPS2, he was relieved when he got to the fish camp, "I have a strong urge to go to Gary and Wilbur and kiss them, Buy some bait." He was ecstatic and overwhelmed because he survived.
Ghost towns aren't the most appealing places for cyclists who are water-strapped. In "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit", cyclists are influenced in many ways by their surroundings. A sunny start from a warm day is a good thing, while his mood is still fresh and his face is filled with happiness. But as he moved on, he spoke of "the sun is starting to set", expressing his remorse for listening to the old men who put him on "shortcuts". Along the way, he came to his first disappointment, a ghost town with "a ramshackle shop, a few rusty pumps and a corral that couldn't hold the lameest males". @CAPS1 He tried to pump water out of the corral, but got the "battery acid" smell and was forced to move on with almost nothing to drink. It affected his sympathy for himself and his anger at those who got him in trouble. By the end, he was relieved when he came to GARY & @CAPS2 FISH CAMP where there is a working sink full of cold water. He said he "had a strong urge to find @ORGANIZATION1, kiss them and buy some bait." He expressed gratitude to those he didn't even know because they were the end of his long, dark and very tired tunnel of light.
The function of the settings affects cyclists. The author had a hard time getting to the first town. For example "Rough road ahead: Do not exceed published speed limit". The author's journey has been bumpy. @CAPS1 Example is "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." All roads are hilly and bumpy. Than "just a few sips from a water bottle." @CAPS1 Not that much water. That's really hard.
The characteristics of the sale have a big impact on cyclists. One factor that affects cyclists is heat. Also, due to this factor, he may suffer from dehydration. He's probably really hot because he's the only one who gets cut in what looks like miles. Another feature of the setup that could affect cyclists is thinking that @MONTH1 has a car at the next turn. If he can't see the next turn, he doesn't know it's coming. Cyclists may also be thinking about when the next town will appear.
This environment creates a lot of stress for cyclists. The biggest problem he faces is the weather. He's a cyclist "traveling the high desert of @LOCATION1 in June". He has been riding his bike all day and will soon run out of water. Just when he thought he could drink more water, he drank "about two hundred degrees of water." The weather was so hot and humid that the cyclists were not helped throughout the trip. Another environmental factor that affects cyclists is terrain. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" is a major problem for cyclists. These changes in terrain cause the weather to be uncooperative. Hills make cyclists work harder and therefore use more energy. Fortunately, the terrain has a positive effect on cyclists as well. The stones he found on the ground helped him get rid of his thirst. There are a number of environmental factors that negatively and positively impact cyclists throughout their adventure.
The narrative of "The Rough Road Ahead" A single cyclist encounters several challenges throughout the story. Changes in his environment directly affect the completion of his journey and his health. When the narrator travels to Yosemite National Park from a place where there are no old people, he admits his deserving and need for water when he first encounters his environment. "I've been using water regularly...in the high deserts of California in June," the text reads. To his dismay, the water pump at the truck stop was not sufficient for his consumption, only forcing him to connect elsewhere to quench his thirst, he overcomes the rolling hills by exercising more energy, and now everyone needs water. His exhaustion lost his agility as the thought of his severe dehydration distracted him. When Heat beat him mercilessly, he met the challenge that turned him into a fudge shop. Changes in circumstances challenged his health and created a kind of roadblock that nearly stopped him from his goals.
This setting has a big impact on cyclists. One way is heat. It was so hot that he was dehydrated. He has been drinking his water until he has no water left. Another reason is because the road turns into a hill, which makes him expend more energy. In the end it doesn't help him how this setup affects cyclists, except for a snake @CAPS1 he doesn't see any sign of the creature.
The settings feature in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affects the protagonist of the cyclist. The cyclist is "crossing California's high desert in June." So naturally, it's unreal that it doesn't dry, making the water a delicacy. The cyclist has run out of precious water as he walks through a ghost town and a pump that releases "tar-like substances and brackish water". The surrounding landscape of Lonely Mountain tumbleweeds and snakes does not inspire confidence. In fact, cyclists feel like "on a nice day in June, I had a heat stroke". He found that an old grape juice factory was no longer in service, leading to more anxiety and disappointment. I had a similar experience when I was walking in a state park on @DATE1. I froze, and the desolate view of snow-covered trees made me feel like if I were never warm again, like his cyclist, his environment made him feel like he was dying of dehydration. So, it can be seen. The setting of this short story influenced cyclists.
The settings that affect cyclists are actually the ones you don't want to be near when you're out of the water and tired from pedaling. Time and place mattered a lot to him, as there was no cool breeze in California's June air. He's in the middle of a flat desert and doesn't know where this part is or where civilization is, so he can get some water. Quoting "the old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office" helps you realize that it's a bad idea to take direction advice from an old man who doesn't go anywhere. "Flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills". This sentence shows you some of the terrain features that affect cyclists. In addition, cyclists actually discovered the running water civilization.
In the story "Don't Go Over the Speed Limit," author Joe Kurmarski tells you that you have to go through a lot before you get there. For example, when "he stopped to ask for directions to Yosemite State Park." Lost because of what he did. When he had to and other towns. The next example was when he came to a rock on the road: he had to get water from an old rusty water pump because his water bottle really ran out of water
I think the setting feature that affects the cyclist is that the terrain "flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills", suggesting that he is a warm, beset by changes in the terrain. He also fell alone "I was hard at work at some point and tumbleweed crossed my path" and he did too. Although he is in a ghost town. "Summertime" rattled in the dry hive of my twisted brain. "He felt like he was dying slowly. He lost it too, but the sun had a big impact on him as he wiped his face to get rid of it. Make sure you don't see a mirage. But through it all he wants the writer also wants us to have hope and keep going, even if things don't look good keep going never look back, always be positive and take advantage of what's around. That's what the message writer tries to give
Hot, dry, flat—all of these are environmental characteristics that affect cyclists. As the cyclist was driving through the desert, he noticed how hot it was and how quickly he would become dehydrated. I was dry too and he was starting to get nervous about how thirsty he was. The flat ground simulates the cyclist having nothing around to help him, which scares him. The story also mentions that he is a ghost town
The character of the setting affects the cyclist through the way the author begins to speak and his voice at the beginning of the story. When they were both in the photo, he looked like Cecira was singing and then the CEO. The story and Goo continue to be linked to read. It doesn't sound like he likes to ride because of the rough roads, sparks and boredom he doesn't have. his cast time and seconds from add perso no mic at all because there might be old-timers and don't know once you clip around her, save, goo shouldn't take their advice because goo might end it this nidsnes transitin califend no, now how can it be done to get some or so dehydrated.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit", there are many things that affect cyclists. such as water. Because of where he is, he doesn't have really good water to drink. " When I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid''. He couldn't drink water because the battery acid in it would make him very sick. Also, the unstable roads he had to ride his bike through also Make things tough.''Rough road ahead'' Riding on unstable ground can be very difficult. So just these two examples, water and rough roads make the character of the setup unequivocally affect cyclists .
Posted in the article 'Rough Road Ahead Don't exede the many features of the speed he sets if it affects cyclists. At first, the cyclist passed by the river, and later he couldn't find it during the trip. As he continued on his journey, the heat and lack of water began to affect him. He also discovered a fountain that poured out hot water that had long been shut down. Cyclists are affected by many features of the environment.
The function of the setting affects cyclists because the road is too rough. If his pot is too big, he can get out of control and the water is troublesome. He was sad, "When I tried it a couple of times, it smelled of battery acid.
Cyclists are primarily affected by water scarcity. Cyclists start riding with confidence and are working hard to be as fun as @LOCATION1. He longs for "cool pines and fast rivers..." (@NUM1). Later, when the cyclist reached rough terrain, he began to feel exhausted because he ran out of his water supply. After climbing a hill, he finally breathed a sigh of relief, until he saw a closed juice factory that almost looked like it had been put there to make fun of him. His destination was a source of relief and pride for him, knowing that he would survive the arduous journey.
The setup made a big difference for cyclists. Vipers were blocking his way, and the water supply was running low, making it difficult for him to move on. He felt as if he had a heat stroke. His environment, along with messages from the elderly, made it difficult for him to continue riding. All in all, his setting has a big impact on him.
This setting affects cyclists due to riding conditions. The carriage was all messed up.
The cyclist was well-prepared for his adventure, but it was still hot to replace the senior. Was the worst possible change in his tire settings when the old man told him he was going a tough road. After this, he was almost overwhelmed by the devastating hills, and the dehydration slowly crept into him. He barely packs enough water or supplies for such a change, and he'll regret it later. The hills were steep and endless, and the sun was hot and benevolent humans were worse for him. This is how a change in settings affects cyclists.
The setting can affect anyone and everyone, in this case it just happens to be a cyclist. Since it was June, it just happened to be outside, causing cyclists to lose more fluids due to the constant exercise and sweating. This makes water a must-have. Also, as he passed by, he came across a sign that read: Rough road ahead: Do not go past @CAPS1's post. Since the road is more difficult to drive, it is not easy to ride a bike through it. Another reason the environment affects cyclists is the snake in the way, which he believes is a rattlesnake.
The function of the settings does affect cyclists due to conditions. For example, the weather, it's hot, it can slow people down. If it were perfect, that would allow the person to move at a normal pace. There are also roads, which slow down if the roads are rough. If it goes well, that will speed them up. See, it really depends on conditions.
The setting has a great influence on the author. First, he was in the California desert in mid-June. It's hot outside. This makes cyclists very tired. There are some cool pines, but they really help a lot. There was nowhere to get water for a long time. The narrator says, "I relax in the past, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Without water, cyclists are dehydrated. This hurts his cycling skills like balance and strength. There's no one around for most of the story at the end. Cyclists don't know how far to go until they reach @CAPS1 or the water. If he has heatstroke, there is no one to help him.
In the story "Do not exceed the published speed limit", the character of the scene affects the cyclist. Cyclists, for example, ride their bikes for miles to deal with desert weather, a little water, and tiredness. Cyclists encounter many difficulties trying to travel from one point to another by bicycle.
The context of this story greatly influenced cyclist attitudes and adversity. Cyclists are going through the California desert, which is hot and dry. This first presents the main conflict of the story, Danger for Cyclists. In the reading, the author says, "I hit my water bottle a lot." If the environment is in a cooler climate, the author most likely won't drink water as often and face dehydration. If the climate were different, the trip would not be so dangerous for cyclists. Another setting element that affects cyclists is terrain. In the reading it says: "The flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills." The rough road would not only torment the author's body, but his mind as well. While riding, the author thought, "I'm consuming water at 12 mph," indicating his increasingly pessimistic attitude and his focus on his thirst. The thought of his thirst only made him more thirsty. Small changes in terrain make a big difference to the author's journey. Perhaps the most influential element of the environment is isolation. It is not until the end of the story that the cyclist meets another person. Until then, he was alone, having to deal with his thirst and fatigue on his own. If set in a more urbanized area, the cyclist might get help from others, which would make his ordeal easier. It is known that no one would help him play a major role in the author's mental state. In short, the conflict in this story is set by the context. If the environment wasn't hot, rough and isolated, the cyclists would be at ease, and the story wouldn't be as exciting or interesting. In my opinion, a different setting would ruin the story.
Features in settings affect cyclists in many ways. By the time the cyclists crossed the desert, it was dry and dirty"... I came to a fork in the road, a crumbling shack, a few rusted water pumps, a place that couldn't hold the biggest mules Corral greets me. Trouble here." Rusty pump-like substance seeps out when she wants us, water seems to be @NUM1 degrees. “The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills. “It made it harder for cyclists to get on their bikes. This can make the cyclist more tired. As the cyclist moves on, it gets more and more tired and his water supply drops. I tried to keep his balance as he continued to ride
How this place is set up to affect cyclists is to allow a cyclist to dry out a cyclist would easily because Haast is not supposed to be in a dry place. As the story goes "I crossed the highlands of California in June" which meant it was really hot and dry. The second is that the animals there are dangerous. A cyclist should be riding on a place with a diamondback snake that says "I worked hard. At some point the tumbleweed crossed my path and it was ridiculously big and it did look like a diamondback" if it There really is one, and that would be very dangerous, and no cyclist of any kind should ride in that dangerous place. This is how a concession setting affects cyclists and how this could be a bad place for them to ride.
The characteristics of this setup, which affects cyclists, can vary the terrain so much that it is difficult to ride at the same speed throughout. In addition, lack of water makes it difficult to concentrate. I think the features of the settings affect cyclists because people think they are worse than they really are.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. This setting affects a cyclist because the weather is very hot and humid, which makes him sweat, which is draining energy as his body tries to stay cool. Also, this setup affects the cyclist, because there is no water, so he has no water to replenish his body other than sweating, which makes it difficult for him to keep going.
In this story, cyclists are traversing the California desert. This is one reason why his water supply is very limited. It's really hot, which makes him drink more water. He started his journey in the morning so that the sun would not be as hot as noon. Then it started getting more sony. So as the sun comes, more heat. "The sun is starting to set," says the rider. This will help readers understand what time of day it is and how hot it is. It was in the morning so he didn't realize it, but by the afternoon he realized it and started dehydrating.
Wonderful features and settings made a huge impact on the author. Influence is bad, not good. First, there is the almost unbearable heat. The author has limited water and uses a lot due to the smoking temperatures. Another feature that seriously affected the author's health was the lack of water in the water pump he stumbled upon while snacking. Lastly is the tar-like substance that comes out of the pump when the author tries to get water. There was also brackish water in it, which tasted a bit like battery acid.
On a hot June day, cyclists are traveling through a rugged part of California. The author describes part of his journey; "In June, I was traversing the high deserts of California." The heat of the sun and not having much water around made cyclists worry about their health. Diving into his journey a little bit realizes just how bad he can get if he doesn't find water anytime soon. The author wrote, "I'm becoming more and more aware that I may fall due to heat stroke." With the cyclist running out of water and with no signs of life around, he's starting to feel like he @MONTH1 will never be able to make it across the desert to Yosemite National Park Park. The author describes it as "I'm dying, and the birds will pick me up." The cyclist's journey setting greatly influences his perception of the journey.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist because of where he is. Cyclists at a campground in California. By saying that one can feel it is a dusty place. Also, when the story says the "town" has been abandoned. It also tells us that the place where the cyclist is is a desolate place and there are not many people or places to stop. The story also talks about a snake on the road. A snake on the road tells a man that this town is eager, I can say that this "town" is deserted because around here, people don't go to towns without buildings. A snake is on the road, then the town must be empty because the streets here are busy and there are no snakes on the road.
This environment greatly affected the cyclist, as he was on "rolling hills" surrounded by an "absurdly large snake", and because of the heat, he could have heatstroke at any time. So yes, the author is affected by the setting
The influence of the features around them affects them through hot bikes, so cyclists need water, and the road affects them too, so they can't just hit the road. Tight, so they need to go over hills, which affects them because it's hard for the bike to land and form jumps.
The character of the Yosemite environment gave the cyclist something to look forward to, but the sorting function he ended up using left him hopeless. As soon as the cyclist passed a ghost town and noticed that the sun was wet early in the trip, he checked himself and said, "I just noticed it [the sun], the cool pines in Yosemite and the galloping mountains. Yau had my name written on them. While the cyclist was beginning to feel the toll the trip and the sun was going to take on him, he wiped the morning with the hope and hope of reaching Yosemite. The cyclist The more one pays attention to the sun, the more he keeps drinking until his water seems to be running low, like a rusty old water pump he hopes to get replenished, but the bitter battery acidity makes the cyclist stop drinking. At least divert his water. Assertion. If a cyclist sees a sign that says Yosemite @NUM1 miles away, his spirits will rise, and instead he sees a sign that says "Rough Road Ahead", it doesn't help him. If the terrain were more popular and easier to trough with plenty of water, the passive tune would be more hopeful in this desperation, the setup's character that makes cyclists feel sad rather than hopeful.
The cyclist in @PERSON1's short story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit" is greatly influenced by the state of the land around him. He was riding through the extremely dry desert, running and running out of water. However, since it was such a dry place, he couldn't find anywhere. And because of the remote location, no one can ask for it. Had the story been set elsewhere, he would have had no problems.
In "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," features are set that affect cyclists. Many visual features create a very desolate area in your mind. For example, in the fifth paragraph, They use a lot of adjectives to describe how abandoned places are. Words like crumbling and rusty. Also, the frequency of water scarcity reminds us how hot the California desert must be. And the heat makes the cyclist believe he sees Vail The Miracle Juice Factory was seen when the odd fruit. The choice of visual words in this story is to describe words that affect cyclists.
In the paragraph, cyclists have about @NUM1 different settings. One of the scenes is the rough terrain he has to pass through and he lacks water. Another scene that cyclists have to traverse is the hilly terrain. There, he mocked himself for accepting the old man's suggestion to come first. These two characteristics have a great impact on a rider's physical and mental strength. But with confidence, determination and the liberation of success, he was able to overcome obstacles.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. California, for example, is hot in June, and cyclists find hot water in pipes. The text said: "Somewhere near two hundred degrees." This affected him because he had no water to drink. Another example is when he has to overcome tumbleweeds and snakes. The text says, "A tumbleweed crossed my way, an insanely large snake." It was an obstacle he had to overcome. Another example is that he was abandoned. The scriptures say, "No one could be seen, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind."
The settings in the cyclist function are that if the weather is too hot or too cold, it will affect the way the cyclist rides. If the weather is too hot, cyclists will tire out faster. If it's cold, cyclists get sick @MONTH1. Also, if it's too windy, he'll go a lot slower if he's driving downwind.
There are many functions that affect cyclists. One thing is lack of water. In the text, he said the pumped water tasted like battery acid. Another is that the surrounding environment has changed, and the old men are lost like this. When he gets lost, he must be determined to find someone who says he can survive.
The setting and its function greatly affect cyclists. He was in the desert and all the towns were deserted. He also now hits a sign that reads "The road ahead is rough... (kurmaskie, pg @NUM1). This makes his trip even worse, because now he has to climb not only mountains but shabby, broken roads." And his sun was going down and there was almost no water left.
The characteristics of the setup affected the cyclist, when he had to go down winding hills, he had to overcome obstacles, he had to slow down so he could maneuver up the hill without losing control of the bike. The heat he faces can cause tiredness and dehydration. You can get sunburn or heat stroke with prolonged exposure to sunlight and heat. Heatstroke can be fatal to anyone, especially those with heart problems. Dehydration can also be fatal. If a cyclist doesn't see any buildings, he won't be able to tell where he is and may get lost because of it. Getting lost can also lead to dehydration, tiredness, and heatstroke.
The environment and characteristics influenced the cyclist because he wanted water in every building, but since he was crossing the desert, the water supply was limited and many empty buildings were abandoned in the wasteland. The buildings create a sense of relaxation among cyclists who then find them deserted in desperation. The featureless land also gave the rider a sense of hopelessness, making his whole ordeal even harder. All in all, it's been a fantastic experience both physically and mentally for cyclists.
In "Rough @CAPS1 Ahead," the character of the scene and the cyclist's surroundings greatly influenced him. Because he was in the "California High Desert in June," the climate was hot, dry, and miserable. Another feature of the environment that affects a cyclist is that he is in the middle of nowhere. No other people, cars or buildings for miles. Also, terrain can affect cyclists. When the road starts to get rough, it will cause him to drain his water supply faster. Overall, the cyclists in this story are heavily influenced by their surroundings.
In short stories, cyclists are influenced by their environment in many ways. Throughout the story, the author runs out of water. "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle." The amount of water in the bottle is limited. He had to travel long distances. "The next leg is less than two miles." He was tired quickly. And the terrain is not good. "I noticed that the terrain was changing, with flat roads being replaced by short, rolling hills." It was getting harder and harder to continue his ride.
The cyclist is so obsessed with seeing cool pines and lakes that he worries when he sees mud, snakes and uncivilized sources. What's more touching is that what he doesn't see scares him the most. He did see windy rivers or trails hidden under various trees. He didn't see any people or friendly little forest critters. Instead, he just saw the same rusty dirt and the occasional snake. His mood was affected and he began to lose confidence and hope. He was not used to the new environment, and he doubted for a while whether he could still survive. He was even more distraught when he saw the dilapidated buildings of the Welch factory. Fortunately, he came to a fishing tackle shop and did find civilization. It certainly lifted his spirits. Once he salvaged his thirst problems and was sure he was still alive and lucky to stay that way, he sat down and waded again to find his destination.
The features in the settings are not great for cyclists. He was in California in June and it was hot. It's almost a desert. When he stopped to get water, he found that there was no more water in the pump than a few drops. Also, the few drops he did get tasted like battery acid. So it's not great for cyclists.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the author changes mood not only by telling us how a cyclist is feeling, but also by describing his environment. When he left "Reservoir Base" he felt fine because he had just left "the tranquility of an early summer evening and he was heading for "the cool pines and rushing river in Yosemite." He was in a beautiful setting, which Will affect the cyclist as he is expecting another. However, when he moves to a "ghost town" and "the sun starts to set" he becomes less confident and more skeptical of men's advice. Still, he Still optimistic, the funny thing in the end is that it used to be "a little bustling place". Next, when the cyclist came to "a crumbling shack, a few rusty pumps and a coral", he knew Things were bad, he @CAPS1 got into water. However, all was "tar-like stuff" so he moved on and had no choice. When he talked about "bumpy tumbleweeds and a ridiculously large snake" , it affects the cyclist and lets him know that things are at their worst and he can either give up or move on. I doubt it will get worse, and the same goes for the cyclist. Finally, the cyclist The guy ended up in a fairly modern bathroom" and everything went back to civilization, so he felt relieved, relieved, much better.
This setting has @NUM1 features that affect cyclists. There was no water there, in the middle of nowhere, no one was there. This feature does affect cyclists due to lack of water. He will need water to move and complete his journey. Water is the main thing he should have. He could end up dehydrated, and possibly cause him to die in the middle of the street. Therefore, water is one of the characteristics that affects cyclists. What's more, he was in a crowd of people. There are no buildings or anything around, not even a gas station, so he can stop somewhere and if he has the money he can buy about @NUM2 or @NUM3 bottles of water and maybe even some snacks. This is another trait that will affect him. In the end, no one in town was able to help him or anything. Let's say he's lost, he needs directions to get anywhere he's going well, and there's no one around to help him get around or anything. All in all, these are the main features of @NUM1 that clearly affect cyclists.
These settings affect cyclists for a number of reasons. One, if the environment is good, the rider can focus on the scenery, not just the pain they are going through. Also, if the environment is not great, the rider may focus more on the pain than the scenery. Another thing is that @MONTH1 doesn't feel the best if the environment is very hilly and the rider has to drive over it. Cyclists will experience more pain than before, and cyclists may dehydrate faster, and this setting does affect cyclists.
The context in the story affects the cyclist, who travels through obstacles to get to town. The scene is June in the California desert. The cyclist also ran out of water and when he found a water pump he said it was black and tasted like battery acid. Then he stopped to ask for directions, and the men gave him the oldest set of directions. So the cyclist said he would stick to his trusty map.
In the text, the features of the setting greatly influence cyclists. For example, the text says, "No one was seen, no buildings or structures of any kind." This leaves cyclists so lonely that they start to lose hope of finding water. Second, the text says: "Ironically, the building is more likely to be abandoned for many years from the outside - used to be Welch's grape juice factory" which makes the cyclist lose more hope as he Thinking the building would have someone, and he got excited, in the end, the text read: "GRAPE AND @CAPS1'S FISH CAMP" Seeing this building brings hope and joy to cyclists, found a place to have a drink. The character of the environment greatly affects how the cyclist feels.
The features of this setup made the cyclist ride longer and harder than he expected. When cyclists first get out, the road is flat and smooth. Halfway through his trip, "the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills." The cyclist continued to cycle, although he was slowed to 12 mph. The hills made the ride slower and slower because of the hills. Tuoards was at the end of the mountain, and he had to make it "on the long, mutilated mountain." The word "crippled" was used to denote the effect the hill had on his body. Hills are a feature of the environment that make cyclists ride farther, harder and harder.
There are many functions in the environment that affect cyclists. such as rough roads. Another example is tumbleweed, a snake that also affects cyclists. In conclusion, these are the reasons why the settings affect cyclists.
The sun, miles, people are all reasons why the environment affects cyclists. For example, the sun hits him every time, and cyclists seem to be complaining about the heat. Also, he said he didn't really seem to notice it was affecting cyclists. Next, a cyclist's mileage on his bike affects his spirits because people are always,
The environment is like a desert, there is no water around and no human civilization. This worries him even more because if he dies, people might know for days or weeks.
Cyclists encounter several characteristics, all of which affect cyclists. For example, "a couple of rusty bumps" is a quote from the text explaining that instead of riding on smooth ground, he rode on rough, hard, bumpy ground. Also, he was severely dehydrated, he had run out of water, he couldn't even hit the speed limit, he was going 12 mph, he could have hit 55 mph. "Don't exceed the published speed limit on the rough road ahead," was another phrase, expressing the danger of his risky ride. All of these things make cyclists uncomfortable, sweaty and very tired.
The setting in "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" was a very large factor in the story, and it was actually the cause of the problems for the protagonist. The first was the big hills he had to ride, which made him work harder and tire out quickly. The next big issue was the June heat, "I'm getting more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June just because" the heat is so bad because it makes him so hot that it drains He lost his water supply [which he needed to survive], which brought with it a huge, almost unavoidable risk of falling and dying from heat stroke. The heat also makes the abandoned juice factory more ironic and bitter for the protagonist. "Still seeing a sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a glass of refreshing juice into his mouth." @CAPS1, in the unbearably heat, no water, @CAPS2 knowing how many miles are left to bike, it really makes He felt that he was the saddest and most unfortunate person in the world. The whole set-up seems almost to have the protagonist suffer not only from the elements of nature, but from things that seem purely to taunt him.
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists, as it's hard to get far on a bike when you're riding in a dry, deserted, quiet, hot and cold place and going straight. If it says "no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind in sight" it will tell you that the setting has been abandoned. This can be difficult for cyclists because you need a good water supply and it's hard to keep up when there's nothing around.
Cyclists choose to take a derelict old route to @LOCATION1. The route has no buildings to see at all in some places, which deprives cyclists of the need for water. No one left him alone on the road until the end. So if something happens who will know. It didn't help that he ran out of water during his adventure, dehydrating him. The setting of the story seems tragic to the cyclist.
The characteristics of the environment have a great influence on cyclists. The text says: "The sun is starting to set" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The hot sun makes cyclists sweaty. He is losing moisture. This made him lose his hair faster. said in the text. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM2). The hills the cyclist had to ride on left him exhausted. He is getting faster and faster. Literally. Drink deep from the sink" (Kurmaskie @NUM3). Modern bathrooms have good cold water. This allows the cylist to drink from it. The water replenishes the cyclist and gives him some strength. Then the cyclist can move on.
In a simple "don't exceed the posted speed limit", it's a definite way to survive, as this guy seems to be fighting to survive. As far as I know, the tone and mood of the article will be completely different for a cyclist who rides for hours at a time, sometimes hundreds of miles on his bike, where green grass and cool mountains collide. He uses things like "...two hundred degrees, brain deteriorates, birds will pick me up, and fall off with heatstroke." @CAPS1 all makes me want to read further in the article to see if he'll be okay by the end of the trip ? I know how you feel when you're dehydrated because I suffer from chronic dehydration. I can't imagine riding a bike with nothing but desert hiss and passing weeds. It sounds like a horrible experience. Had he been somewhere cooler and colorful, his experience would have been less dire.
There are many ways in which the environment affects cyclists. One way in the story is that when it said it was hot, he could be dehydrated and possibly heatstroke, and the horses were windy. That could be a problem because he's tired so he might not be able to get around the corner, he might keep going straight and get lost even more. This is how the character of the setting affects the cyclist in the story.
Features in the Rough Road Ahead setting affect cyclists. First, the weather caused most of his problems. Since cyclists are riding their bikes in the California desert in June, the temperature must be within @NUM1 degrees. This caused him to become dehydrated, which was evident when he said "I hit my water bottle a lot". For example, when riding on rough roads, "an insanely large snake blocks most of the pavement in front of me." This saves the cyclist's progress and will likely scare him. Bike mounts are heavily influenced by features in the background of the story.
Cyclists are affected by the heat. The fact is that in June, he was in the desert and the water was low, which almost caused his own fall. This hot desert environment sounds hostile and I'm surprised he's still alive and how lucky he is.
The characteristics of the environment mislead cyclists. When he left town for the first time, the old man suggested to him that cyclists had high expectations and looked and the old man enjoyed watching? struggle.
This setting affects cyclists to a large extent. His journey has been difficult. He began to lose hope, felt tired, and began to think he was going to die. The settings make the most of it. There were no people or buildings around him and it was very hot. He had so little water that he had nowhere to drink. Then he encountered a large snake, which made the situation worse because he was afraid that there was no one around to help him. If he followed his instructions and not the old man, he wouldn't have this problem. His surroundings really made his trip difficult, there was no water, no people, no towns, and no buildings around.
The features of the settings in the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" greatly affect cyclists. At the beginning of this man's journey, he was confident in his abilities. "I ride in the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face." Cyclists are ready for an exciting day, and the environment supports that feeling. "My name is written on the cool pines and rushing rivers in Yosemite." @CAPS1, as the settings started to change, he ran out of water, and the attitude of the cyclists changed. He "crossed the high deserts of California in June" without much water and began to despair. As more and more abandoned buildings and abandoned towns appeared, he fell into despair. "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, an insanely large snake—it did look like a diamondback and blocked most of the pavement in front of me." He was in the wilderness , there is no one around, so he loses hope of survival. He thought he would die of heatstroke on these short rolling hills under the scorching sun. The cyclist is influenced by the characteristics of his environment, from confidence to despair and despair to relief, and changes in the environment lead to changes in his attitude throughout the journey.
The settings feature in "Rough road ahead, do not exceed the published speed limit" largely affects cyclists. First, when a cyclist sees a grape juice factory, he is reminded that he is out of water and even doubts his own life. The text says: "…still a young man can be seen pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth. I put my head down" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The article later states, "At some point tumbleweed crossed my path..." (kurmaskie). This shows that cyclists are frustrated and are mostly affected by these sights. This could and will later destroy his self-esteem and contemplate dying.
The cyclist had a rough ride and he was explaining how layered it was, going from town to town and having to die from a lack of water snakes and road conditions.
The setup of this article doesn't really help the author in his journey. There are not many buildings on the road. Or, in towns known as "ghost towns." @CAPS1 This does not reassure the author that things are going his way. It was also hot on his trip. The author said he was "traversing the deserts of California in June". Deserts are very hot places, June is summer, which is the hottest month, so it has to be very hot and humid. @CAPS1 All of this has to come at a price because he doesn't really see anything reassuring until he gets to the last town in the bait shop. So the environment must have affected his confidence and his energy levels.
The characterization of setting cyclists' impact is very clear, in this post, when @CAPS1 resets the flag "roughly ahead @CAPS2: don't exceed posted speed limit". This had to slow down his bike. "Then he said they had no buildings or cars nowhere to go
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. In the article, it said: "This place may have been a thriving little place—say, before the last world war—but it was in the tradition of a ghost town that morning." That claim could affect cyclists people, they worry that if they run into any trouble, there is no one around to help. This statement may also mean they fear they are on the wrong track. In the article, it says, "I was greeted by a ramshackle shack, a couple of rusted pumps, and a coral they didn't have in their bigger mules." This sentence just gave the cyclist an impression , this town is juice and for years no one even knew it lived here, @MONTH1 is decades. The different characteristics of the cyclist's journey in the article, if they overly fear the journey and turn to "oldies" who have never left the porch to experience something like this, many will fear the outcome.
The peculiarities of the environment influenced the cyclists, as I reached the first "toun" after forty miles into the desert. The desert environment affects the cyclist because the cyclist is on the road when there is an environment to affect the cyclist. This guy is crazy. There are only a few enticing sips in her water bottle. Big circles of dry sweat around my shirt, and then? ? he? ? This is supposed to drop from the heat on a gorqeas day in June just because I listened to some gentlemen who have left their ???? ? ? , ? ? ? tough. This is my response to environmental features that affect cyclists.
A cyclist trusts a man who knows little about the world, thinking that this man will know how to get where he is looking. The cyclist took his advice, he thought he would be there soon, so he started drinking water very quickly. He realized he was out of water and the park he was going to was not nearby. Frustrated and angry, the cyclist is now traversing the desert which has left him layered and dehydrated. He walked the rough road full of tumbleweeds and snakes, and he kept going until he seeded the "@CAPS1 Juice" company. He hurried away, went into the bathroom and drank the same water. When he got off, an elderly man asked him if he needed directions, and the cyclist said no.
In the "don't speed" process, cyclists suffered a lot. One of the countless hardships was the environment he was in. When he was lost, thirsty, and exhausted, he had been stuck in the "high desert of California in June." This shows that the temperature is mostly unbearable. This can cause cyclists to tire and dehydrate faster than usual. Also, the road he rides has lots of steep hills, as he puts it, "over a long, serious hill," suggesting that hills require a lot of energy to get up. In the end, the author said, "No one was in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." This suggests that if he needed help, there was no one around to lend a helping hand. This is how the setup negatively affects cyclists.
It affects cyclists as the elderly are vulnerable in the conversation of begging. It also talks about basically saying that the information there is out of date, in other words, his map should be followed first.
In the story, don't exceed the published speed limit, there are some very descriptive settings. In the story, these settings have a big impact on cyclists. With these our settings, the effect changes. Some good effects some harsh ones. The first scene described is, "Yosemite's cool pines and rushing river have my name written on them." This setup gives you a vivid idea of where the cyclist is heading. This setup also establishes a happy mood. Make pretty pictures about to change. Not going very far on the bike, he noticed that the terrain had changed, "flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS1 Cyclists are short of water and getting tired. Seeing this scene, his spirit collapsed. @CAPS1 It's a tough climb, but we know good things are waiting for you on the other side of the mountain. These two, very different settings give off very different feel. The first makes you think he's going to enjoy the bike with ease. But that all changed when he hit those terrifying hills. Just the thought of riding over miles of hills can hurt your legs. Overall, all the features of the setup make for an intense ride for cyclists, and then the bonus of beautiful places.
The author had to ride his bike through the sweltering heat. It made him feel sweaty. The narrator says, "A big circle of dry sweat surrounds my shirt" (@NUM1). This causes him to drink water until he runs out. The narrator says, "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle" (@NUM1). Then he had to suck on the pebbles he might choke. The narrator says, "With any luck, I'll hit a lump and get it stuck in my throat" (@NUM1).
In the "Do Not @CAPS1 Posted Speed Limit" story, there are many set features that affect cyclists. The most challenging problem the authors faced was water scarcity. "I smoked my hand for a few minutes, but the water didn't calm down, didn't try a drop or two, it had a sour taste. As @CAPS2 set off for the next train, @CAPS2 came to a road that read "Rough road ahead, Do not exceed the published speed limit. Asphalt becomes bumpier and harder to pass. This affects the determination of cyclists to stay on @CAPS2 and regret not listening to older people who don't think they know what they're talking about. Because they never left their porches. As you can see, the most explicit environments have physical or mental effects on cyclists.
The function of the settings affects cyclists. One of the ways it affects cyclists is that it's hot as the text says "I'll probably have a heat stroke on a beautiful day in June" @CAPS1 It goes through something like the text "Rough road ahead" Speaking of clumsiness to affect cyclists: Do not exceed the published speed limit. " That's how the setup affects cyclists.
The characteristics of the scene affect the cyclist by his mood and what happens when he travels to town in the desert. For example, when an old man asks him for a map, his mood changes, his attitude changes with caution about the new path, fear of the new path he is taking and when he thinks he is going to die "I To die, the birds will choose me clean" and then proud when the old man asks for a map and the author says "I have a really good map" but when he goes to Yosemite, when he goes to a desert type Place then go to a bait shop to rest. Then maybe on his happy way to his destination.
Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" proves that the characteristics of the settings can make a big difference for cyclists. First of all, cyclists ride their bikes in the desert. This affects her because if they are in the car, or on the bus, they consume a lot less energy. Second, cyclists are starting to run out of water. This setup doesn't help because they're on the bike, so keep them hydrated. Another setting that affects the plot is the abandoned town. If they hadn't been abandoned, everything would have been better. These features have a big impact on cyclists.
The set function affects the loop, so it affects his changes to continue. For example, after @NUM1 miles, he saw "a crumbling carriage, a few rusted bumps and corrals... This sight bothers me. In the desert, his water tastes like "battery acid" .It also goes on to say that it was "a test of my inner spirit". It also says that he walked through the tumbleweed with a few drops of water. This passage shows the obstacles he had to overcome, and he did it, with a little confidence It did. Although his situation was a little unbearable, he kept on trying.
The setting of the story affects the cyclist in most of the stories. The heat made him hot and thirsty, and the travel left him lacking energy and even needing water. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author said that one of the mountains was "long and long" and that the mountain was exhausting and draining his remaining energy. If the road is smooth and rough, and the temperature is low, the background of the story is the biggest party.
This setup can easily affect cyclists in a number of ways. The area the cyclist was in seemed to be deserted, which wasn't great for the guy. If a town is abandoned or a road is abandoned, there won't be any noticeable building structures for a while. In addition, the shape and shape of the road can seem very dangerous to cyclists, not only because of the narrow and rocky roads, but also because of wildlife. In the text, it says a diamond-backed snake, how the poison was directly in front of the cyclist. This example explains how wild animals can outpace more dangerous creatures. Finally, the temperature, whether hot or cold, cyclists are confined to water, and complete dehydration is a huge warning for cyclists. The environmental conditions in which the cyclist is exposed are not favourable to him.
Different setups that cyclists have to do? ? ? June is all about mountains or hills with winding roads and California deserts. And he's running out of water.
How the function of settings affects cyclists by taking and not having the right settings. These functions are incorrect, they can be changed a bit and still have roughly the same meaning as the article. So I think they should change it.
The function of this setting has implications for cyclists. He'll be cycling through the "deserts of California" in June. This obviously affects him because it's going to be very fast. At one point he said, "The sun was starting to go down, but I barely noticed." @CAPS1, having all these ghost towns made him uneasy, and since there was no one else around, he started drinking rum from the water. The weather outside started to hit him, and he said, "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage..." When you're walking through the desert on a hot day, it can take a toll on you . If he was in a different setting, this feeling of hopelessness wouldn't have been in the story. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The features of the settings can affect cyclists in a number of ways. One feature is the weather. When a cyclist is traveling, the weather can greatly affect the environment. For example, if it starts to rain, the road can become very slippery and cycling can be dangerous. A cyclist and his bike could crash and die. Just because of the weather. Another feature is animals. Animals matter because no matter what you do, different animals do different things. If a cyclist knows the animals around the area he is traveling, he can stay safe from harm. Ti better know the area and feel safe. Then don't know what will happen next.
As the environment changes, it gets harder for cyclists. Cyclists were at ease at first. He has a smooth road to go through. He started before the sun hit him. Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers have my name written "He took his focus away from the sun, which helped him. Then, he hit a highway, which made it harder .I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills," so he had to pedal harder so he would tire faster. " At some point, billowing weeds came across my path. Trying to balance in dehydration." By tumbling weeds, it meant he was in the desert for a while in the heat. So he's running out of water and he's dehydrating. It was a tough task for him. As the terrain changed, it got harder for him.
The short story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" is set in a hot, sunny desert where all towns are deserted, "the sun is starting to set" (@NUM1) "I reached the number one A town that fits the definition of a ghost town (@NUM1) trational. The cyclist is not tired at this time and worried about water shortage. The environment and the state of the cyclist coexist.
In this story, cyclists deal with many effects. He had to go through a lot of bad things to get through. The cyclist must pay attention to the rough roads he has to travel. Also, throughout the course of his game, he had to keep an eye on the diamond tank top snack. Also throughout the race, the biggest problem for the cyclists was the water. He ran out quickly. When he saw the factory and stopped. He puts the stone in his mouth, makes him forget about the water, and circulates your rip. The cyclist has to go through all these issues and it shows he has determination.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. He was riding on a route he had little confidence that he would get anywhere. It was the first time ever to ride a bike and there was no up-to-date understanding of it, which made the cyclists rework. The temperature was very hot, there was little shade, and the sun was hitting him. This route is very frustrating. All the cyclist wants is water, and this route has been touting him with false hope. In the first town, he noticed a water pump, but all he could get was sludge and water that tasted like battery acid. Next, he came to an old abandoned building that was approved to be the old bottling plant for Welch's grape juice. The cyclist seemed to be about to drink, but there was nothing.
During the cycling, when he first started, the unbearable conditions changed his attitude and the reader could be frustrated by the old timers and the instructions there. Then his attitude changed when he realized he probably had enough water. Cyclists went from depression to love of scenery, "Yosemite's cool pines and rushing river with my name written on them" as the weather became more unbearable. He decided to give up. Until he plucked up the courage to "slowly gain ascension while losing hope". When he saw Gary and Wilbur's fish camp, he realized he was safe.
Riders in "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit" are affected by the environment in many ways. The most concerning feature of the environment is water scarcity. The cyclist was dying because there was no water and he was literally dehydrated. Another feature is heat. It's really hot where the narrator rides his bike. When @CAPS1 gets hot, the heat can dehydrate you. So the narrator is pushed to the limit due to the heat. Also, everyone left town, so every town he came to was haunting him until he was angry and very frustrated with the tenant he talked to. Flat and smooth roads gave way to rolling hills, which made it more difficult for him to ride. In the end, the snake on the road affected him because he had to avoid it. All these things affect him.
Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Go Over the Speed Limit" is truly a story of man versus nature. This is a man completely alone, save for his bike, the baronial scenery, and the relentless sunshine. First, he noticed the sun was over his head, which was expected to start in June in California, but it wasn't. Next came the rolling hills and slopes, and going uphill meant his body was working, working harder, burning calories and his much-needed water supply. Then there are the men who are tortured. Speed limit for @NUM1 if he is a tough 12. Worse is the billboard for "A young boy pours a refreshing juice into his mouth", which really touches his emotions and shows him where it's out of reach. In this story, everyone around him One element all contributed to his despair.
The characteristics of the setting affect cyclists and the road conditions are bad. Second, the cyclist said there was a huge snake blocking his way and the occasional tumbleweed. The biggest impact on a cyclist is the lack of water, the heat is unbearable, and he is tired. These are the effects of the set's features on the cyclist.
If I had the option of cycling in California or Vermont, it would be easy to bike in Vermont. Vermont will be much cooler than California. In the story, cyclists complain of "profuse sweating" and the possibility of heat stroke. It turns out that you tend to lose more water from your body when the temperature rises. If a cyclist goes to a cool place at different times of the year, he won't struggle with dehydration while cycling.
The features set in the story have a big impact on cyclists. When he started his journey in the morning, he was eager and determined to reach his destination. Although it took him forty miles to get to the first "town," he didn't seem to mind. "Yosemite's cool stone piers and fast-flowing rivers have my name written on them," the words flashed through his mind as the sun began to set. It means he doesn't mind or bother with the time it's in. But the farther he traveled, the hotter and less water he had left. He became concerned when he passed several "disturbing sights" because they were abandoned and no one was around. The cyclist said to suck on the pebbles to get the last saliva in his mouth. In desperation, he finally saw signs of hope, which gave him the strength to keep going. When he arrived at GARY AND @CAPS1'S FISH CAMP, his mood and thoughts went from melancholy to gratitude at first.
During his bike tours, the author had to endure extreme heat, face snakes, deal with little or no shade, and survive severe water scarcity, all of which are related to the environment of Yosemite National Park. Author, cyclist Joe Kurmaskie wrote that he was dehydrated and described, "The sun is starting to go down and I am traversing the high deserts of California in June." @CAPS1 to his fight Was crossing an "incredibly large snake" and "trying to balance in a dehydrated state. Kurmaskie ran out of water due to the extreme heat, and upon reaching the pump found the water unfit for drinking and "near the zoo degree". @CAPS1 with The problem with the kurmaskie setup was that the area seemed deserted and he had to keep driving for a mile until he could find a place to rest and rehydrate with clean water.
In the "@CAPS1' not exceeding @CAPS2 speed limit" story, the function of the setting is very emotional. It affects cyclists because in part of the environment it goes to rolling hills. It will be hard to ride a bike. Another was the environment that affected the cyclist once tumbleweed got in his way. If caught on a bike, it could cause him to fall and injure him. Eventually, the road ahead starts to get rough and it's hard to ride over potholes and thugs like this. Therefore, this setting has implications for cyclists.
The character of the environment has always affected the cyclist because first it is full of hope and then he realizes its desperation. He keeps laughing when people tell him the right direction, and now "it's sad, hopeless laughter, mind you, but at least I have the energy to feel sorry for myself." The cyclist mentioned first said in a town. The reason this affects the cyclist is that at first he was doing well, then he was thirsty and bad things happened. This is how it affects cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits", the character of the scene influenced the author in many ways. One feature is the hills. The speed limit affected the author because he felt he was slowing down. In the story, when it says "I'm doing a water-guzzling @NUM1", that's the proof
This is how the settings affect cyclists. One is the hot, dry California desert fever. It made him hot and thirsty, and it left him dehydrated. The scorching desert heat made water a substance he couldn't drink from a well. There are only a few tempting sips in the water bottle, not enough to quench your thirst. Letting the bird pick his heat dries up all these examples, making it hard for readers to take old-timer advice. It made him realize that, when the time is right, young people make stupid mistakes. The heat that kept his inner soul alive was just a trip. This is where the settings affect the most circularity.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist mainly because he is in the desert. There are no shops, no rivers and lakes, the weather is hot, the roads are long, and there are snakes on the way. It made it harder for him because he didn't have much water to drink.
Many features in the settings affect cyclists. Several key features include Car Pickup Town. That's not a real town anymore, and there are pumps. Both examples gave him hope, but neither gave him a sigh of relief. The town he first saw could give him water, but it was all destroyed and weakened. "I got to the first 'town'. This place could have been a thriving little place... Ref @NUM1 word war." He was saying that the town could have given him more water and energy, but this small The town seems to be over. Plus, he rides his bike through a much-needed water pump. He tried to pump, but was unsuccessful. "I pumped the handlebars for a few minutes, but the water didn't cool down." A working water pump was huge for him, giving him more power to ride the bike. However, again this is very misleading
This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists. An example is "the replacement of flat roads with short, rolling hills". This changes the effect because by saying it will show how tired he will be, or the work of trying to get it over the hill. Another example is "The High Desert of California in June". That is to say, it is hot outside and very tired. I think that means, because in California it's really hot and in June it's very tiring "summer time". This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
These features can affect cyclists because of the way roads are built. If the road is downhill, the cyclist may ride faster. The road might be up the hill, so he @MONTH1 takes it slow. There may be bumpy rocks or grass on the road, which can be difficult to ride. Therefore, the impact of cyclists depends on how the road is built.
The function of the setting affects the cyclist because the worse the function, the more water he wants. For example, in the article it says that tumbleweed crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake blocked most of the sidewalk in front of me. When I think of tumbleweed, I think of dry because it's like hay, and when I think of tumbleweed Regarding snakes, I thought about heat because that's when snakes come out when they get hot. So the cyclist is thinking about his dry throat and the dryness around him making him want water. Another feature is when he saw a sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth, which may have made the cyclist wish he had that cool refreshing drink.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", cyclists are influenced by environmental characteristics. She was first influenced by the old man who told her the "shortcut" to Yosemite National Park. Then she is affected by a ghost town that has no water for her. Then she was nearly dehydrated when she came to a rickety road with some tumbleweed and a big snake that was hard to pass. In the end, she came to "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" where she decided to make her own decisions. All of these things in the scene negatively affect the cyclist, except that "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" saves her from dehydration.
In the short story "Bumpy Road Ahead", cyclists face a number of problems. One of them is the function of settings. I believe it has a big impact. Set in dessert, very hot, no water around, usually no one lives in dessert. @CAPS1 The thing is he's running out of water. In the text it says: "There are only a few enticing sips in a water bottle." @CAPS1 The setting for the book affecting cyclists is in June. June is a very hot month, especially when cyclists travel a lot of miles in the dessert.
The cyclist's settings affect how the cyclist behaves. If it's too hot, cyclists may slow down as the sun hits them. If it's too cold, cyclists will wear more clothing, which may keep them from reaching the speed they need. The bike must be stable. Ride on rough roads, brakes, overdrive, chain is in good condition. The area is where cyclists ride. If it's a good scene, the cyclist may be in a good mood, because the scene is dark and gloomy with bad weather behind it, and the cyclist may not be as happy as they are. These types of things @MONTH1 help determine how the settings affect cyclists.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead", the setting greatly affects cyclists. @LOCATION1 The desert climate tilts towards cyclists. Like further routes, not only did he take @LOCATION1, but there was nowhere to fetch water. The combination of heat and lack of water has caused deadly dehydration for cyclists. The current setup forces the cyclist to be more determined if he wants to live. He has to go on and pray for a small town to come out so he @MONTH1 hydrates and rehydrates again.
There were many different influences on his way to Yosemite National Park, but the environment he was in played the biggest role in his journey. Cyclists are in dry desert areas where weeds are more common than people. When a cyclist encounters an elderly man asking for directions, they take him to a "ghost town" where dehydrated cyclists are out of water in extremely dry, hot weather. This led to a problem where the cyclist thought he was going to die in the desert because of the weather, the directions given to him and lack of water. When the cyclist came across the bait shop, he knew he was saved. He hydrated and refused an old man's instructions because these features of the environment caused his problems in the first place: old age, dry weather, and water.
There are several things in the story that affect cyclists. One way he was affected was dehydration. In the story about dehydration, it says "There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. Large circles of dry sweat surrounded my shirt, and I became more and more aware that I might be getting heatstroke on a nice June day." Yes A good influence for a cyclist is that no one can slow him down on his bike. A bad influence on him is not to ask a person with heat stroke for directions on a beautiful June day, just because listening to some gentleman who hasn't left the porch in ten years makes me laugh." Another The only thing holding him back is a viper." At some point, tumbling weeds crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake—it did look like a diamondback. Block the parents in front of me. ".
The cyclist didn't know where he was going, got the wrong information and he followed it. He was happy to know that he also knew where he was going. During his travels, he was attracted by the sun and many other things. The weather conditions they blackmailed and the big snake he saw. He is affected by the sun due to dehydration and has almost no water left for him as the weather has also become so hot which makes the journey very difficult and makes his mood strange while also following the direction he was separated by a large snake , he met the case with success, and their complement was terrified that he would be attacked like anyone else. These traits affected him because he didn't know where he was going and he waited for her clip. " Then he went in the wrong direction, he was not prepared for the trip because the weather conditions were 'summer', it was hot and he was on a bike instead of a car.
The characteristics of the environment influence the way cyclists think. On the @NUM1 page: "I hit my water bottle a lot and I'm traveling through the high deserts of California in June." This gives a warm feeling that he may run out of water later. When he passed a snake, he was "trying to keep his balance in a dehydrated state." So the cyclist was likely to start feeling dizzy and start losing hope. On the @NUM2 page, he said, "...I might have a heat stroke..." which meant he started thinking about what could be worse. This affected him as he started to lose hope and thought he would not make it. On the @NUM3 page, he said, "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up..." The conditions he was in at this point were so bad that he worried. This is how the character of the setting affects the cyclists throughout the story.
Since there is very little water, this setting is not helpful for cyclists. Joe @PERSON1 said, "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind" (@PERSON1). After receiving the wrong directions from some elderly people, someone driving by or near the store may help a cyclist to ask for directions. @PERSON1 said, "Operate the rusty water pump handle with all my might" (@PERSON1). Not having water to replenish your body can make you weak and unstable. where there is no problem. @PERSON1 also said that "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (@PERSON1). With little water and frail health, those @NUM1 also said, "I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June" (@PERSON1). As your body gets harder to work, I get dust in your lungs and the heat from the sun.
The background in the story influenced the cyclists. Setup takes place in June. It was hot and cyclists were dehydrated. You can imagine how hot it gets when it says "wipe the sweat from my eyes to make sure it's not a mirage". I have also heard in the story that when the sun goes down, there is a feeling of two hundred degrees
The features of this setup affect cyclists in many different ways. For example, it was June and he was @CAPS1 in California. It was hot and he was dehydrated. And he didn't know where he was going, so he had to rely on other people's instructions. He also had to stay dehydrated. That's what affects cyclists.
The settings in Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit" feature crude and challenging features. A cyclist walks through Todi, California, a tough place to ride. The ride was so hot and long that he was so sweaty that the sweat on his neck was dry. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind," said the single cyclist. He had nowhere to fetch water or food. It was abandoned. He figured that if he died, no one would find him any faster and the birds would pick him up. The article "The rough road ahead: don't exceed the speed limit posted by @PERSON1" shows that solo cyclists are very independent.
In the story, Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit, author Joe Kurmaskie, cyclists hit a number of obstacles. For example, he had to get directions to Yosemite National Park, but the directions were from older people whose information was outdated. Also, when the road turns fork, the cyclist has to decide which way to go. He took what the old men said was a trail that had a town nearly eighteen miles below it. In addition, the cyclist encountered smooth roads leading to rolling hills, snakes blocking his way, and dehydration that could kill him. In short, the man overcame obstacles and reached Yosemite National Park.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Don't exceed the published speed limit on rough roads ahead", the setting affects cyclists in a variety of ways. First he listened to the old man, so he went the wrong way. So he travels, it's a hot June day in the California desert. Bad for him from the start "Just a few tantalizing sips in the water bottle, big circles of dry sweat around my shirt, growing awareness that I need to get heatstroke on a good June day..." (Kurmaskie @ NUM1) You can see from the ganle that he is tired and almost out of water. It put a lot of pressure on the cyclist, but he did it.
The setup obviously had a huge impact on cyclists. Flat roads are easy to ride, but as the roads become short and rolling hills, cycling becomes more difficult. This is backed up by the phrase "Over are long, crippling hill..." which suggests that the hill is a very challenging obstacle. He is also affected by terrain changes. For example, a sentence that reads "… tumbleweeds crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake that did look like a macaw, and stained most of the pavement in front of me." This underscores his How remote it is to ride a bike and show how it can affect his travels, both mentally and physically.
The effect of the scene is that since Carter took office, two old men are sitting on the front porch in the desert. It was dawn and he had to walk @NUM1 miles to get to the next town. So he got on his bike and went to the next town. The speed limit was 55 miles per hour, and he was driving like water at 12 miles per hour. He rode his horse on rolling hills. He finally moved to the next town to live.
The setting of this article affected the cyclist who got lost while asking the old man for directions!
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. In the article, the author describes how the environment was hot, bumpy, made him sweat, made him tired, and he also ran out of water because of thirst. The road has become very rough. The narrator said "The flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills (Kurmaskie @NUM1). There was also a photo showing how rough the terrain was. There was nothing around it.
The features of this setup can affect cyclists who are dehydrated and have to work in horrific conditions of roads, snakes and hills. All of these functions like an obstacle course, which makes it hard for him to do what he wants to do, which is to take in the water. Also, since the cyclist is hot and needs water, he is prone to mistakes at this point and probably doesn't know what's going on. The main feature set by the author in the story is the road. "The road ahead is rough." This explains that cyclists have to walk on rough roads, and dehydration is very dangerous, these are some of the characteristics of the environment that affect cyclists.
These settings have a big impact on cyclists. When he first came to "@CAPS1town" he wasn't really scared, he was just laughing and it was funny to say. " This place could have been a thriving little place—say, before the last world war." He smiled. When he got dark on the road with a dangerous water pipe, he turned to protection and started to feel scared. He said. " I'll come to water - test my heart" which showed he was scared. After he saw the abandoned grape juice factory, he said something like a bird would pick him up, leaving behind equally expensive bike gear. It certainly shows that he is giving up. Another thing that supports this is when he talks about the old man who wrote him these instructions in his diary. When he finally got to the Bart store, he was so excited, he went to the bathroom for a drink. He also said he would buy bait even if he didn't have a rod. These examples show the various effects of this setting on cyclists.
In the story, "Don't exceed the posted speed limit, set features that affect cyclists. Stay cool on a hot summer day, may need to find a shade. Just to add to the misfortune of the story. No one in eight People, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." This factor doesn't help cyclists at all, in fact, all it does is make cyclists more tired. Another factor affecting cyclists in the story is lack of water. At the beginning of the story, the author explains, "only a few sips from the water bottle." As the distance increases, the cyclist begins to lose hope of reaching their destination alive. The rolling hills feature also affects cyclists. The cyclist is tired enough, and more unfortunately, "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS1 The hills are short, and they may still be a pain to him due to Lopola's living hills Influence. Many features of the story influence the mood of the story.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. It affected him because it said @NUM1 miles and then in the first town thought the cyclists were excited and he did pretty much everything he thought he was going fast. When the cyclist arrived in the first town, he said it looked dead. Then after he moved on, he kind of knew he wasn't getting anywhere. Then he thought about it, and he noticed that he had heard some old people who had never even left the porch. So after the cyclist got to the first town he knew at the time, never listened to the old man again. Because the first town looked like nobody was in it for years.
The characteristics of the environment on the way to Yosemite National Park greatly influence cyclists. On the way to the park, the cyclist encountered the heat of the California desert. In addition to the heat, cyclists have to overcome rough short, rolling hilly terrain. This tires out cyclists. Combined with his weakness and extreme heat, he was also dehydrated, causing him to become dehydrated. "Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt and I became more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke... lol." This trip through the California desert caused extreme exhaustion and dehydration to the cyclists, which was extremely Earth affects cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists, as the climate can be hot, roads can be rough, and towns can be deserted. For example, "Rough road ahead. Do not exceed the posted speed limit." This will be difficult for thirsty cyclists. If he's not thirsty, and there's no water, he might barely be able to climb the hill. If there is no water town, he will be thirsty. "The first 'town' this place may have used to be a thriving little place, but anth warns it fits the outside of a ghost town" no water
Heat, lack of water, and getting lost are all how environmental features can affect cyclists. First, the weather is hot. He said in one sentence that the sun was starting to set. I also feel that the water is about two hundred degrees. He was covered in sweat. So he must be hot. Second, the lack of water affected him and his performance. What's going on, because he's dying and needs water. He tried every means to get water, but succeeded with almost no water. Finally, he got lost. His map was wrong and the trip was not what he expected. But in the end he was reborn. So even in the face of all these negatives, he still managed to be positive. Basically, this story is explaining that you are most likely to succeed in life if you do your best, never give up, try new things, and other things you @MONTH1 are involved in. So do your best to prepare for your life and your life plans.
The conditions cyclists have to face are always problems or helpers. Suppose there is a rocky uphill section. This will undoubtedly slow him down. But if there is a nice smooth downhill section to speed him up. And took a lot of peddling work from him.
The cyclist lost hope as he was in California for dessert in June. Cyclists are starting to lose hope as there is a rusty water pump pumping out battery-sour water. He was very cautious when he said the sign "Rough road ahead: do not exceed the posted speed limit". The cyclist was sure he would die there. The cyclist also feels lonely because in the text it says: "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. The cyclist is in the California desert, which makes him think he's going to die there .
In Joe Kurmaskie's "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," he describes his attempted bike ride through California. In the article, he described the weather as "I traveled through the high deserts of California in June." Although this @MONTH1 does not directly describe the weather, readers can clearly see the picture of the summer desert heat. When the author encounters a "ghost town," then a dilapidated shack, and finally a sign that says "Bumpy Road Ahead," his hopes of finding Yosemite Park are dashed, and the desperate situation makes the author want to give up, thinking he's going to live in Died of dehydration and exhaustion in the desert. This can relate to anyone feeling lost in unfavorable conditions, and the helplessness and fear that comes with it. It feels like everything is working against you and nothing is going in your favor, which is how the author describes his travels as "the rough road ahead: don't exceed the published speed limit."
The environmental impact of a cyclist is that he is exhausted. To make matters worse, he was sweating in hot sweat, which also caused the sweating.
First, a feature that affects cyclists is lack of water, and when the speaker said that when I tried a drop or two, it showed that it smelled of battery acid—one of the biggest factors in his adventure.
When the reader listens and follows the instructions of the old man, he faces many problems and also learns a lesson. His legs were strong and he even had a smile on his face as he started riding into the early morning. Over time, he quickly lost water and energy. @CAPS1 Summer made him sweat and start thinking his bird was going to pounce on his body like he was going to die on the way to Yosemite. When he finally gets to a small town, he quickly bounces back and learns that he's going to start and start following his own way: getting somewhere
The settings feature in the article "Do not exceed the posted speed limit" negatively affects cyclists. The more he rode, the more negative his thoughts and the more skeptical he grew. The cyclist is not very confident and he doesn't think he will be successful. For example, when a cyclist doesn't notice the sight, his tone changes. "I couldn't see anyone, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. I started breaking down the ride into distances I could see on the horizon, telling myself that if I could go that far, I'd be fine." He seemed uncertain and a little nervous. Cyclists seem to have lost hope as the journey continues. "It doesn't matter. I'm dying, and the birds will pick me up, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and a diary." He felt increasingly that he had not completed the journey, as he rode in a remote place, where there is no sign of progress except for the "rough road".
The function in the settings works very well for cyclists. He is in a desert area of California with limited water supply. It was very hot and very dry. He had almost no water to drink and had to walk long distances in the hot and humid weather. Lack of water may dehydrate him. Another obstacle he encountered during his bike ride to Yosemite National Park was the hills he faced. At first, he was on flat terrain, and now he has to step up hills, which becomes more difficult for him. Another obstacle he faced was the snake he encountered. That setup has a lot of obstacles for this guy. If it weren't for the heat and lack of water, he might be able to make it a little easier.
The characteristics of the environment strongly influence cyclists. Rolling hills are the most challenging problem for cyclists because they are long and severe. Downhill requires a lot of energy and determination from the cyclist. Riding over rolling hills can be very difficult considering the cyclists are already sweaty from riding on rough roads and passing a large snake. The function of this setting does not help cyclists stay fit, as their difficulties cause cyclists to become dehydrated and possibly fall due to heat stroke. However, the cyclist stayed positive and did not give up. His determination saved him because he felt so relieved when he finally met "Gary and Wilbell Fish Camp". All in all, the characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because they force him to go the extra mile and put in more effort. But with determination, you can accomplish anything!
In the short story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the features of the setting affect cyclists. Cyclists' moods seem to change with the road and the environment. The narrator says, "A huge highway sign jumped out at me. I read: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed the posted speed limit... Sometimes life can feel so cruel (Kurmaskie). Slowly, As the terrain gets harder, the cyclist feels worse. Every time he believes in a town, he is happy, but his dreams are soon dashed. As you can see from the picture, Cyclists get tired from lack of water and feel hopeless when they lose energy and believe they are going to die, which affects cyclists.
Some of the features that affect cyclists' settings are signs with speed limits. The flag affects the speed of the cyclist. Another feature is a small hill on the route. This affects the cyclist, making him tired because he says "I wipe the sweat from my eyes".
The setup had a huge impact on cyclists. One effect is the lack of water in his area, which is a dessert. Also, the small number of people in the area doesn't help cyclists. The hills on the road made it harder for the cyclist as it used up what little energy he had left. Also, the sunlight on him warmed his body and made it harder for him to focus on what he was trying to do.
In the settings for "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit". Cyclists are greatly affected. In the beginning, the author was enjoying the directions of the 'oldies' telling cyclists at a nice campsite outside Lodi, California, and from his perspective, "they sounded so confident as they pointed out landmarks and spewed out of town, I'll follow this dashing auntie." So the cyclists used the information, not for the better.
How do the characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, because when the old man tells him, do you know where to go? The other guy was like "yes sir! I have a really good map" so for the guy on this bike how it's changed, he sees all these towns and there's a sign that says It says Rough Road. That man will always stick to the future. The difference is that he sees all these buildings, towns, and he's on his way. I think he might stick to the future.
In the story, the cyclist faces many problems, one of the biggest being the terrain on which he has to steer them. The terrain is hilly, and cycling uphill is tiring, wears you out faster than flat terrain, and makes him expend more energy. The heat was also unbearable, making it harder for him to concentrate, and the cyclist did everything he could to keep Consey while navigating the terrain and the inhospitable landscape, a huge rolling desert of mountains, as he pushed forward. , found that no civilization could replenish water. For example, if the terrain is less steep, he will use less energy and less stress on his legs more easily, and the heat of the desert may also slow him down. The heat will make you go slower, and cyclists driving on unshaded Barnster roads will make the journey seem longer and impossible. In the end his will and determination were fulfilled
In this article, the characteristics of the environment make cyclists angry with the elderly. Ten this article, the old man gives directions to a cyclist, he does not use a map, but listens to their advice. However, their message is outdated and cyclists traverse rolling hills and rough roads. The cyclist uses all his energy to go to unimportant, unknown towns without water. The cyclist blamed the old man for giving him directions and wasting his energy. However, he appears to be really who he is, as he takes their advice and draws a believable map in the true direction.
The setup of the riding location has a lot to do with the cyclist. Personally, I think the settings are the most important part.
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit." The setup greatly affected the cyclist and his state of mind. He is also happy when the scenery is beautiful and pleasant. This is manifested when the author writes, "Deprived of the serenity of early summer evenings." This phrase describes a landscape as a place of tranquility or serenity. His happiness is manifested in the first part of the quote, where he says "denies" that people don't enjoy something unless they are happy or in a cherry mentality. So the peaceful landscape affects the cyclist by making him happy. So is the joyous landscape. When the author said: "At some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path, I became more and more aware that I might be suffering from heat stroke". This phrase describes the landscape as a place for their tumbleweeds. Typically, tumbleweeds grow in dull and lonely places. If cyclists fill this lonely landscape. He became pessimistic and was doing everything that could go wrong, not everything that could be better. This is with us every day. People often speak of the poor and homeless with a low standard of living. They must be present with the affected cyclist. In conclusion, seeing does greatly affect the cyclist and his state of mind.
The characteristics of the setup affect cyclists because the setup has changed so dramatically. Flat open roads become "short rolling hills". Because he's running out of water, it's harder for him to have the willpower and determination to get up and down these hills. His resolve began to wane as he began to see nothing but "tumbleweeds and outrageously large snakes" in the vast expanse. He felt dehydrated because the sun was going down and there was no more water. He used pebbles he found and put in his mouth to help circulate the saliva from his mouth. He wished he would be choked on by someone because he felt so useless.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't Go Over the Speed Limit", cyclists have many difficulties on their way to Yosemite because of the character of the scene. It was a hot summer, and it was struggling for him. With less water, he is more prone to dehydration. The author wrote in the article: "On a good day in June, I may have a heat stroke." (Kulmaschi, @NUM1). This lets readers know that the June heat can be very dangerous for cyclists. There's also no one around, except "the old man who hasn't left his habitat since the water ran out" (Kurmaskie, @NUM2). The narrator emphasizes his point about getting instructions from these people because their instructions are just as bad. It can be deduced that he meant that they were clearly out of date when they crossed directions, since the ones they gave him were incorrect. Because of the circumstances, the cyclists in this story had a hard time reaching their destination.
Cyclist Joe Kurmaskie's terrain in "Do not exceed the stated speed limit" had to contend with many difficulties. He was already running out of water on a grueling journey, and then the circumstances turned against him. The narrator says: "I noticed that the flat roads with changing terrain were replaced by short, rolling hills." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This means that cyclists will put more effort into climbing these hills. He has almost no energy. This will consume almost all of the cyclist's energy. Another example is, "At some point a tumbleweed crossed my path" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This means cyclists have virtually no water and energy, which can lead to more problems. In conclusion, Joe Kurmaskie's "don't exceed the stated speed limit" creates a lot of problems for cyclists.
In the story "Bumpy Road Ahead", the scene affects cyclists. Cyclists are affected by the lack of water, the distances they have to travel and the hilly terrain. "Only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt," said the line, showing how he got out of the water, tired and hot. The scenes in the story have a big impact on cyclists.
The cyclist is saddened by the lack of water, heat and rough terrain, all of which make his ride more difficult. First, the lack of water affected the energy he had to keep going. The second heat also affected his travel which made it difficult for him to keep going and he thought he was going to die. The birds would scoff at his corpse. In the end the terrain didn't help. The trip had a lot of hills and consumed a lot of energy, so I made it harder. All in all, these are bad things for cyclists.
Here I will tell you how cyclists are affected. One way is that the heat makes him drink more and then she runs out of water. Next came the misleading old guys who showed him the way. Another way is that long distances and rough terrain slow him down. The last reason was the snake that slowed him down.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. He rode his bike through a place with no cars, no people, no water, and no food. It was a dangerous journey for him, but he succeeded.
The function of this setting does affect cyclists. An example is the condition of his jar
The function of the settings affects cyclists because nothing is said. It might make you want to go faster, ignoring your inner speed demon. That's all I can really tell you. Because personally, I don't think it even matters where the bike is. Probably ok for cyclists, but for me, I don't even think so.
The features of this setup affect cyclists as there are no cars, buildings, water or people in sight. It goes from flat roads to rolling hills. Even though he has no water, he is determined to keep riding his bike. "It's rough ahead, don't exceed the specified speed limit." At this point, he had no water, and he was almost in the middle of nowhere. If I were in his situation, I would despair. There are no signs of hope. All he saw was endless rolling hills, that's all. Then, when he saw the buildings on the mountain, he thought he was free. So he rode his bike to the building, and everyone else gave up. The cyclist thought he was going to die. In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment greatly affect the cyclist, because nothing can be seen giving him no hope. If there were cars and buildings on either side of him, that might give him some confidence, but that's not the case. He is in the middle of nowhere. He finally bent down and said, "Then my troubles, thirst, and fears pass so easily."
Many features of the settings affect loop testing. His sweating began with the sun shining on him and a thirst for water. He was mainly influenced by the water and roads of the Abano de Welch grape juice factory. "You can still see a sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a glass of refreshing juice into his mouth. I put my head down." Then, when he had almost nothing, he spotted a bait shop. " Somehow I crawled out of abandoned juice and dream factories, slowly gaining ascension while losing hope." Then, as easy as turning a corner, my troubles, thirst and fear were all behind me. " @CAPS1 is when he sees "Gary and @CAPS2 Fish camp - if you want to lure far, big fish is your best bet, thus re-solving his troubles."
The features of the environment the author passes through while riding his bike must have affected not only his mood but also his physical condition. First, referring to his "high desert in California in June," @CAPS1 hinted that the weather was hot, causing the author to sweat while riding his bike. What followed was a change in terrain, and he quickly approached the "rolling hills" that were harder to bike. Finally, the author saw a sign that read "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the stated speed limit" and was discouraged because his bike couldn't even reach the speed limit, but he still had to manage to get through the rough road. After passing the road, he approached a photo of a boy drinking juice posted at a juice factory. Seeing this sign is likely to perpetuate his thirst, making him even more tired and depressed before. These features of his surroundings play a large role in the author's changes in mood.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. First, there is the beating sun. The heat dehydrated him and nearly killed him. Rough roads are also a factor. It took up the time and energy he had to execute. Another key element of the environment is the desert. There was no one to help him and nowhere to fetch water. In conclusion, the scene is an important factor in the story.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. For one, he rode through the high deserts of California in June. Summer is naturally hot, but in the desert, it is twice as hot. This means he will dehydrate faster and will need more water. The only water the cyclist could find was an old water pump, but he couldn't drink it because it was too hot; nasty taste. "When I try a drop, it smells of battery acid" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). His route was deserted, so no one could help him. Also, the terrain is terrible. The hills made him expend more energy, which he needs to stay alive. "I'm getting more and more aware that I might fall with heat stroke and it makes me laugh," (@NUM1). He also encounters dangerous animals like diamond black rattles. This environment also affected his spirits, as he followed the old man's instructions and kept shouting to himself in silence. He knew he should take the right way instead of trying shortcuts that he now realizes was abandoned and dangerous. Cyclists are affected in many ways, both mentally and physically.
In the article "Do not exceed the published speed limit", this setup poses major problems for cyclists. Cyclists face the desert, traveling in extremely wet temperatures and without water. Together he encounters vipers and areas without buildings or civilizations. The impact on him is the main conflict of the article. He ran out of water at some point during his journey and lost all hope. It's no use, he told himself. In the story it says: "It doesn't matter. I'm going to die...". The extreme measures set caused the cyclist to lose control and put a stone in his mouth to stop thinking about his thirst. Overall, this environment creates significant physical and mental problems for cyclists.
The way a cyclist can be affected by the setting of the location is the shape of the road or the ride uphill and the roughness of the ride. There was a sign that said "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit." If he didn't see that sign, he would have speeded or didn't know how fast he was going as a cyclist and got injured. Roads are made for cars, so speed limits are hard
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the settings affect cyclists. One setting that affects him is the first setting. I set this up and he ran out of his water and it was hot. This affected the cyclist as he started to feel dehydrated and thought he was going to die. That's how it should be when the text says "I might fall to the ground from heat stroke", and when the cyclist comes to an abandoned juice factory later, he thinks about how thirsty he is. This affects him because usually when you think about being thirsty, you get thirsty. It also disappointed him. The setting of the ending affects him because he finally gets water and is not thirsty. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
During that long ride, the cyclist was affected by the environment. He suffers from lack of water, heat and the wrong direction, and throughout the story, the cyclist runs out of water due to the wrong direction of some people. "Trying to balance while dehydrated. Just a couple of tempting sips in the water bottle." "He was dehydrated and dehydrated on the road. Heat was the main reason he was dehydrated while cycling." In June, I was crossing High desert in California. " I've been to California and it's been hot." The trip got longer due to some wrong instructions from some old people. " Because I listened to some gentlemen who hadn't left the porch for decades and made me laugh." The gentlemen gave him the wrong direction because it was the right message in their day. But not that the land has changed and the direction is wrong. The ride setup is a big help or a bad help when riding a bike. How a cyclist experiences his cycling environment can have a big impact on him.
The characteristics of the environment have a great influence on cyclists. For example, the sun is starting to go down. Another example, I hit my water bottle a lot. The environment is hot and dry. It affects cyclists a lot. has reached the point of death.
The cyclist in this article is a very brave man. He encountered many obstacles along the way, but he still succeeded. Nature was definitely not with him that day. He has to ride his bike up and down the hill several times, which tires you out quickly. " The flat road was replaced by short rolling hills," he sighed after he was thrown over the hill. "The rough road ahead: don't exceed the posted speed limit". Now he has to walk Rough road. "At some point tumbleweed crossed my path, an insanely large snake - it did look like a diamond blocking most of the pavement in front of me". Now the poor guy must not Don't deal with snakes bigger than him! Thank goodness he's still alive. "Crossing a long hill, a building comes into view". The man thought he had found a place to get water, but it was an abandoned building. "..., on the surface - was Welch's juice factory and plantation. ".
This setting affects the cyclist who gets thirsty because it's hot. When he says "the sun is on me" it means it's hot. That's one reason he's tired and dehydrated.
The characteristics of the setup can affect the cyclist because the old man will give him the wrong message that he is going to take this shortcut. Running out of water and energy, he doubted himself and gave up the game it said.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. Due to the character of the environment, cyclists feel dark humor, despair and relief. Cyclists feel dark humor because of these characteristics. This is because he is very ironic. It was a hot desert and he needed something to drink. He passed a closed juice factory. This sparked his dark humor. Cyclists are desperate for these characteristics. That's because as far as he can see, "no one can be seen, no buildings, no cars, no structures of any kind." It gives him the feeling that he has no chance of surviving. It made him desperate. Cyclists later felt relieved because of these features. He ended up at a bait shop. When he's there, so he's relieved, "Then it's like ?? stumbling and thirst and fear are all behind me. In this piece, characteristics determine how a cyclist feels.
In @PERSON1's article "Don't exceed posted speed limits", set many characteristics that affect cyclists. First, when he arrives at the first "town" and says, "This place may have been a thriving little place—say, before the last world war." This desolate ghost town setting is like a joke, right The cyclist had little impact as it was the start of the day and he still had a good water supply. Although when he reaches the crumbling shack surrounded by a few rusty water pumps, its effect is not so mild. "It was a disturbing sight," he said. Then, when he landed on his hands and knees and started working on the pump, things didn't get much better. It came out just a drop or two and tasted like battery acid. Finally, he arrived at an abandoned Welch grape juice factory a few miles later. This has had a very serious effect on him as he has been let down again and again because of the lack of water supply. This setup in this post seems very abandoned and hopeless. Only determined to get this cyclist through it.
The story "Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit" is about a cyclist going in the wrong direction in Yosemite National Park and running out of water is extreme heat. He doubted he would make the trip because he was dehydrated and dizzy.
The context in this story is important because if you don't have a context then it's meaningless, context is something everyone can do. It can be anywhere or anything. This setting helps put the whole story back together. The backdrop for this story is @LOCATION1 spending time with family. Settings are a very important part of a movie/video.
The way I set up the affected cyclist is for him to ride through. After his intentions, you never think of anything he can think about.
The setting feature in "The Rough Road Ahead" affects cyclists. The cyclist set off from the campground and talked to some old dogs, he asked them how to get to Yosemite, and told him a shortcut that turned out to be outdated. On the way to Yosemite, he could see nothing but the abandoned town. He was really thirsty and there was no water anywhere. He thought he was going to die. He said, "I'm dying, and the birds will pick me up." It was a hot summer day with tumbleweeds and snakes on the side of the road. If the weather was cool and there was a big river on the side of the road, he would feel Hotter and thirstier. But California is hot and dry like a desert and it makes him feel like he's dying because he's in the middle of nowhere so the environment affects cyclists
The cyclist has the conditions of the land to handle, he doesn't have much water, and he doesn't have any good sources of water to see near him. He had to move on. He also talked about how bumpy the road was. This contradicts how long it takes him to get to the next place with water. Not to mention he is in a desert area. The air was dry and hot, and it made him sweat, causing him to become dehydrated.
In the story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit", set the effect cyclist's characteristics. They affect cyclists' confidence and hope. I say this because throughout the story, he sees things that would worry other people, like the towns that are considered the best "ghost towns" and the road from the flats to the hills. However he continued, "I believe this is my last burst of energy" and "I'm dying." The cyclist didn't think he could keep going, but managed to keep going, hoping to see buildings on the next horizon or something else. Hope saved his life because if he knew he couldn't go on, he might have died.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. One of the reasons environmental features affect him is because it is hot outside, which makes him need more water. An example of this would be "I hit my water bottle a lot, and I traveled through the high deserts of California in June." @CAPS1 An example of outdoor heat is "a tar-like substance seeps out and then feels somewhere around 200 degrees to salt water."
In the short story "Rough Rode Ahead," a cyclist is pushed through an extremely harsh environment trying to get to Yosemite National Park. In the story, the narrator goes to Yosemite National Park after receiving instructions from two older men, but the narrator does not know that the road ahead is indeed rough. One narrator said: "I relaxed while trying to balance in a dehydrated @NUM1). The narrator really took a hit from the trip, this rocky, dry climate really makes a story. By reading The story, the setting doesn't do him any favors other than the grocery store he eventually finds. As the title says, the setting for the story is "the rough road ahead."
This setting affects cyclist functionality, as @MONTH1's impact will be less severe if a cyclist is riding in @LOCATION1 around June. But in general, starting out in a hot place with limited water is not a good thing. This is how cyclists are affected by the environment.
As a cyclist, the conditions he was in would be worse in the environment he was in, like the heat in California and the tough conditions of the roads he was on. It would have been worse for him to be so hot and tired on the tough hilly trails due to the lack of water supply. The author was severely dehydrated and on the verge of fainting. Cyclists would be in better shape if it wasn't so hot.
The cyclist in the article nearly died of dehydration and heat stroke, and writes about his misfortune with lighthearted humor. I praised him for almost dying and laughed about it, then turned around and blamed it on the old man. He was an inspiration for reckless young men. Oh yes, the environment is a desert.
In the article "Don't exceed the published speed limit on rough roads ahead", the time setting in the story has a big impact on cyclists. One of the things that affected him in the story was that it was a very hot, scorching day. He also had no water, and there was nothing around him except desert and poisonous snakes. Another thing is that when his water ran out, there was no snake heater, just desert, so he started getting really thirsty. The article also says he arrived at a place where she saw a sign that said "The road ahead is rough, don't go over the speed limit, so the road starts to get rough, which is another effect." At the end of the article , he arrived at a quiet and relaxing camp with cold water, which affected him because he felt like he was being replenished. All these different characteristics of the setup greatly affected the cyclist.
The environment affects the character because as the weather gets hotter, he gets hotter. Also because when he got to the sign about the rough road ahead. He's starting to get worried and a little paranoid, so that's how the environment affects him.
During his travels, many things have affected cyclists. First, in the old town, he had no real drinking water. So he has no water and will be very thirsty. Plus, it's mid-June in California, and it's very hot and will tire him out very quickly. Another thing that affects the bike is that he has to go up and down steep hills. For example, he said "Crossing a long and serious mountain", which he said was very difficult for him. These are the characteristics of the cyclists in the story.
The backdrop for this post is the California desert in June. If any of the setup features affected cyclists (and they all did), this had the biggest impact. In the fifth paragraph, the reader leaves the author "traversing the high deserts of California in June". My prior knowledge tells me that California is generally always a very hot place, especially in the desert, and June is the hottest month of the year, which can make a big difference for cyclists. With limited water supplies, he rode more than 50 miles in the California desert. This puts him at great risk of dehydration, he tells readers of his last arrival in paragraph 10. This terrain and extremely hot conditions can make a cyclist very tired and dehydrated, making his journey to @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1 more difficult.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. It was like he was in the desert, no one gave him good information, there were no towns still running nearby, it was a hot summer day, and there was no water nearby. These affect the cyclist because they keep him from sweating, dry mouth, lack of energy, and he is very skeptical that he will not continue his journey. In the stories their cyclists tell, ''I picked up some pebbles and put them in my mouth. Use my ruhr. I hit a bump and got one stuck in my throat. It doesn't matter. I'm dying. ''When he said he showed a lot of skepticism. Every time he reached the town or building, it was abandoned. He saw an abandoned building The witch satirically was Welch's grape juice factory and bottling plant. It made him even more thirsty. This is how these traits affect cyclists.
The scenes in the story greatly influenced cyclists. The main background is that he is riding a bicycle in the desert. The desert is really hot, so he needs more water than he needs to ride in the woods or when it snows. There are also hills in his journey, he has to ride his bike up the hill, which requires more energy, so again he needs more water than a flat road, and finally, because of the terrain he rides on the animals he encounters, A snake that might hurt him. Because the story is set in the desert, the cyclist was affected more than he thought.
In this paragraph, I'll explain some of the features that affect a cyclist's setup. One effect was the rough road he had when trying to ride his bike. If it's flat, he doesn't have to really be aware of it any more, because on rough roads he has to watch for rocks and holes in the road. Another influence is the hills. If the mountain is just flat, he has to put in more energy. These are some of the reasons that explain the environmental characteristics that affect cyclists.
Certain features of this setting affect cyclists' journeys to Yosemite. In the beginning, ad guys didn't see the world change for about a decade, giving cyclists a bad start. If a cyclist doesn't get shortcut information, he won't be without water in an abandoned town. When the cyclist got to some rusty water pumps, he decided to check it out to see if there was any water. Water really isn't, it tastes like battery acid. The cyclist decided to keep going, even though he was running out of water. He had to go through his "dehydrated state" when he encountered a snake while riding. If you can't concentrate well on the road, I think it can be dangerous. Then he met @ORGANIZATION1 who had given up. Seeing how bad the building was, he obviously couldn't get water there. When a cyclist runs out of water, he becomes dehydrated, and unfortunately there was no water cut on the way to Yosemite that day.
A feature of the setup that many cyclists suffer from is that it's like a crazy labyrinth of his own way and he doesn't really know where he's going without helping him, or not having enough water. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
A cyclist's adventures are largely influenced by his environment. It seemed that the worse his circumstances were, the worse he felt personally. For example, when he hit the ghost town, he just smiled. At a fork in the road, he saw less and less of the civilization that once existed, "a disturbing sight," he said. Once he moved on, he became more frustrated with the "rocky road ahead" sign. It seems that the more dehydrated he is, the worse he is. The atmosphere in the story also became difficult for @CAPS1. At first the land was flat and easy to ride, as the ride became more difficult, the cyclist @CAPS1 became cautious and cunning, but he knew he had to keep going. The area a cyclist is in has a huge impact on his mood.
The features of this setting affect cyclists by putting them in a near-death situation. "Life can be so cruel sometimes," he said, because he had no water, no strength, and no patience. There's also a snake "it does look like a diamond back" that might kill him. He was in the desert and anything could happen. Old people who know nothing and high temperatures can kill cyclists. The situation would be different if it were anywhere else.
"@PERSON1" problem for cyclists in "Don't exceed posted speed limit" is dehydration due to California terrain. California is full of long deserts, Summer can exceed @NUM1 degrees, and cyclists are working hard, so dehydration is inevitable. In the story, the cyclist says "I might fall out of heat stroke on a nice June day", so the scene is clearly a hazard.
The functionality of this setting affects cyclists in very serious ways. These traits make him think that his @MONTH1 is going to die soon, and present him with all kinds of challenges. The scene takes place in the California desert in early summer. There are no other people there, no institutions, towns, etc; dangerous features set by @CAPS1, except that it is in the desert in summer, e.g. the author is a small town that could have been a thriving small town sometime before the "last world war" place". The cyclist is almost desperate and has the determination to survive when he runs out of water. For example, he said "I'm going to lie... slowly raising the altitude while losing hope". The author traveled to a fishing camp and survived. He cautioned that because the current environment is full of life and desolation, don't listen to old people who remember the current environment from decades ago. Cyclists learned their lesson as the set's features nearly killed them.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist because the author was not authorized, and when she rode her bike, she had nowhere to stop to refill her water bottle.
The carriage was empty, no buildings, cars or houses in sight. He was trapped in the middle of nowhere, without any water or food, and the venomous snakes and heat would crumble him.
The cyclist saw many features that discouraged her during her journey. She rode California's high dessert "(kurmaskie) in June. We all know desserts are steaming hot, especially in June. She also encountered mountains (kurmaskie), which made her travel up the mountains in extreme heat. Got into trouble. Although the cyclist went through many dangerous obstacles, she took it to a camp where I could see the horizon and tell myself that I could meet that standard and I would be fine." (kurmaskie) This shows The author's dedication, if you don't give up you'll be fine.
In the "don't exceed the published speed limit" story, settings are a very important factor. The author felt compelled to describe the path the cyclist took and the details of each place he stopped, such as "a ramshackle shed...and a corral that could not accommodate the lameest mules..." and "cool The pines and the river that runs Yosemite..." In a story like this, that context is very important, especially because it changes so quickly. The quality of the story itself can vary greatly depending on the lower quality, and if the author never emphasizes the areas cyclists pass through, then the story isn't worth reading if the author isn't as skilled a writer as he is.
The conditions for cyclists are harsh and the weather is too hot to keep you on your bike all day.
The settings feature affects cyclists because if you're a man and you ride a bike, then you may have to know where your bike fell from, or got out of water. If you keep going fast and don't have any water, you may be dehydrated. In this article it tells how he was dehydrated, he thought he was dying, he was dehydrated but luckily he found something to drink
In the "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" story, the men's ride gets really tough. Because he took the old man's advice on the shortcut, what was once a pleasant ride became
The cyclist in the article goes through different stages that affect him differently depending on the environment. At first, the cyclist knew where he was and was very familiar with his location. He was excited about his ride and ready to finish it. Then he shows up in a "ghost town". He began to doubt what the old man told him. The place was completely empty and he had no water. As he passed the grape juice factory, he started to get frustrated, and he seriously thought it was the end for him. After seeing the decoy's sign, his hope and enjoyment finally returned to him. Cyclists' feelings and attitudes change as often as the environment.
The characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in many ways. At first, when he saw the tall pines and the river, he was calm: and calmed down. But when he saw the abandoned "@PERSON1's Grape Juice" factory, he became desperate and thought he was going to perish in the desert. One headed to @ORGANIZATION1 where he met the "old man" and gave him a "shortcut" to the park. Then he rode his bike to the park to take their "shortcut". Water starts to run out while traveling, and then he thinks he's going to die in the desert. "It doesn't really matter. I'm dying, and the birds will pick me up." What this means is that now he's in the desert, and he thinks he's going to die because he's out of water. It has to do with him as he becomes desperate for water in the desert in mid-June.
These features may or may not affect cyclists well. I depend on what's going on. For example, he might fall. Does he have a travel first aid kit?
The setup is a very important element of the story "Rough ahead, don't exceed the published speed limit: by Joe Kurmaskie." Kurmaskie experiences harsh scenery with high heat, low water and wildlife. High temperatures without an effective water supply can lead to heat stroke, hyperthermia, dehydration and even death. It is very important to always have enough food and water on hand to sustain yourself through the last event. Dealing with wildlife can also be a hindrance. You never know how any animal will react to your presence, so you must be as vigilant as possible with non-domestic animals. In conclusion, the scenery and setting of a story can make a difference in how interesting and informative the story is, for example, if Kurmaskie rode through a flat town in @LOCATION1 without encountering the weather, then the story won't be that fun.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the features of the setting greatly affect cyclists. This setting affects how fast, hard, and for how long a cyclist needs to pedal. For example, "… rough road ahead: Do not exceed the published speed limit." The cyclist is traveling at 12 mph, while the speed limit is 55 mph. The cyclist started to lose hope after reading the sign, but he kept going. Also, it's not just land that adds stress to cyclists. So does the heat of the sun. For example, cyclists say, "...more and more people are realizing that I may have heat stroke...". The heat began to affect the author's health and his perseverance. The environment affects the mental and physical stress cyclists must endure.
This story is a great motivator for seniors who can still stay fit and feel like a teenager again. It shows how much he worked to achieve his goals and how he survived. He drove forty miles and drank the same water as a cyclist, funny story not ginaupup
It affects the cycle because conditions determine their speed and even how fast they can travel.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. Cyclists, for example, are in California, which is an extremely hot place in the June desert. These characteristics make dehydration a stronger possibility. Another example is the tenth paragraph. It explains how rough roads, tumbleweeds and large snakes can make it difficult for cyclists to balance without water. In addition, the article describes a building with a poster of a child drinking a refreshing glass of juice, which makes cyclists think more about water and become very thirsty. Although the setup has had some positive effects on cyclists. Pebble yelled at him to keep his mouth wet and not to think too much about his thirst. Also, the bait purchased gives him the option to drink something without dying from dehydration.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way it affects cyclists is weather conditions. Cyclists don't have enough water due to the heat outside. Another way it affects cycling is because of roadside conditions. For example tumbleweeds and snakes. Since it didn't show up, the desert was probably drying up and he became very dehydrated. I believe these are the reasons because it all makes sense and affects cyclists.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. For example, lack of water is the biggest problem. Without cold water, he has nothing to replenish his energy. He will get tired faster. Even he did feel the water was hot, as he said, "It felt a little cooler at about two hundred degrees." This shows that in the "high desert in June" the water is very hot . Even if he pumped the well for a few minutes, the water still wouldn't cool, and the hot desert had baked everything above and below ground. So when you go and buy some liquid that heats and cools faster than a solid, it's going to be hot. And the rough roads make it difficult for cyclists to navigate. We know the road is bumpy when he says, "The big road sign pours on me. It reads ROUGH ROAD AHEAD DO NOT EXCEED POSTED SPEED LIMIT." It also shows that you can't go fast.
Cyclists are dehydrated. He'd been out of water for a long distance before he realized that "the old man would have been right if he had been riding." " But any 'town' he rode into was just a run-down, desolate and abandoned desert. It's a sad, desperate laugh, mind you, but at least I still have the energy to feel for myself," he said. sad. " @CAPS1 He's getting dehydrated, but not ready to die. He still has enough energy to keep going, but "hope is fading." Then, after climbing a big mountain, he regains all hope in one fell swoop . He saw "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" The rider is now safe, he stumbles into the modern bathroom and drinks from the sink. He is now safe and ready to ride and avoid all the years he hasn't moved from the front porch people.
Joe Kurmaskie's harsh settings in "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" made it more difficult for cyclists due to the hot weather and the inconsistency of the pavement. A very hot day in June is what slows down cyclists. "Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt and I became more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a beautiful day in June." This proves that cyclists are very hot due to the summer heat. Another factor in cyclists slowing down is the inconsistent pavement on the road "flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills". @CAPS2 proves that roads can also slow down cyclists. Cyclists seem to have a lot of opposition to him. But if he looks up, he can get to "Yosemite."
The characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist in the heat of the California desert as the cyclist was sweating and drinking from his water bottle. Also, when the cyclist saw the building, he thought he could take a break and maybe get a ride to where he was going, however, the building was abandoned a few years ago, so the cyclist couldn't stop. These are some of the features that affect the cyclist's setup.
Several features of the environment that affect cyclists are the time of year, desert land, lack of civilization, lack of resources - especially water, and the rugged character of the land. Cyclists travel in summer, the hottest time of year. He also traveled across deserts, which created an even hotter climate. "I crossed the high deserts of California in June," a quote from the selection tells us. For example, if he travels in @DATE2, he will be more comfortable in @MONTH1. Throughout his journey, the author did not come to desert civilization. He ran into an abandoned factory and miles of deserted land. The fact that he traversed desert terrain also helps us realize that water is scarce. He had difficulty finding a place to fetch water. This made the trip even more difficult and frustrating. "I'm going to die," he said. As he went further, the land became harder to walk. The "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" feature is a setting that, like others, negatively affects cyclists by making their journey more difficult.
Cyclists do have influence around them. In the second paragraph, the cyclist describes "I enjoyed the tranquility of an early summer evening." A good start to the day means everything will be fine. Confidence is the factory of good weather, and he knows a shortcut just as much as he does. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the cyclist mentioned how the old man looked at his map and pointed out "this easy excursion". The cyclist just finds his life a little easier. Then in the @NUM2 paragraph, the cyclist thought of "the traditional definition of a ghost town". This setup is nothing like what the old man said. "Twenty miles away, I came to a fork in the road." In the @NUM3 segment, this caused confusion and concern. “It’s a disturbing sight.” “I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June.” The cyclist “frequently hit my water bottle.” The setup made the cyclist uncomfortable, “two hundred degrees.” The cyclist became confused and distraught. The phrase "I noticed a change in terrain" caused confusion in the cyclist's setup @MONTH1. But in the end the cyclists made it.
The feature set by Joe Kurmaskie in "Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit" affects cyclists who are in a desert with no water and trying to find a town farther there than he thought. "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up." This shows that cyclists don't have much faith in this desolate jerny area.
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists as the road may be damaged or there may be a lot of hills. An example is about pg @NUM1 "with any luck I'll hit a lump and get one stuck in my throat". This explains that road conditions can be dangerous. This is how road conditions make a difference.
When the cyclist hits the road again, he has plenty of water, strong legs and is enjoying a sunny and warm day. But as it got hotter and the terrain became more desert like, cough, the cyclist started losing confidence and kept riding, his water source was getting less and less and he started believing he was going to die. At one point, speaking of what he said about the terrain, "I worked hard at some point and the tumbleweed crossed any path." It sounded like he was trying very hard without water and clues as to where he was. keep going. When he was almost sure he was going to die, he said "I'm going to die and the birds will pick me up". This shows that at this time his confidence has been lost because of the crazy heat and unbearable. terrain. He started to lose his mind and his strength because the circumstances around him were so bad.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways when he starts, he is bright and happy, just as quiet is good and calm. There was a rhythm that made him feel that nothing was wrong. "I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face." After about @NUM1 miles in the cold, his life was getting lower and lower and he came to his second rich place. Then, he felt a little uneasy and worried. He needs to find a place with water. "The site tripled." There he found that the water plant didn't rise a little as he hoped, until he found the water was bad. "A tar-like substance seeps out, followed by a feeling of brick water near two hundred trees". So he moved on and in the end he got his life! He breathed a sigh of relief, unable to believe his luck. " Then it's as easy as going around the body, my troubles, thirst and fears are all behind me." The environment affects the mood in a big way, and the cyclist feels just like the environment.
The characteristics of the environment greatly affect the cyclist, and one of the ways it affects him is because it is so hot and he has no water here. Also because they have so many almost buildings and ghost towns, which brings him a cable haze, he will be able to get water.
The surroundings of almost all cyclists are old and barren. Hot as the weather @CAPS1. This road is difficult to ride. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." As a result, his ride was very tough and tiresome.
The characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist's confidence in where he is going and how he will get there. no water
If it weren't for the dazzling sun, the road would be so treacherous. Also, "dehydration" often troubles the author as he has to overcome both dryness and dehydration.
The setup is very important when cycling or doing any outdoor sports. If it's cold, you need a jacket. Hot you need water. Depends how safe it could be life or death. It can be really hilly, you can get tired, and if you don't have water, you can die. Also, it depends if it's in a city, a small town, a desert, a highway, all of which play a huge role in cycling
The functionality of this setting affects cyclists in @CAPS1 fashion. Bikers in California in June weather. If it wasn't so hot, he wouldn't need water as much. He doesn't sweat that much. Also, there are no buildings or cars around, so no one can help him. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." Features set by @CAPS1 that could affect cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set characteristics affect cyclists. One of the features that influenced him was that he was "traversing the high deserts of California in June" (Kurmaskie). This effect meant that the authors dehydrated more quickly. The cyclist, the author, was dehydrated before going to the next town as he "picked up a few pebbles and stuffed it into [his] mouth" (Kurmaskie).
Do not exceed the speed limit posted by Joe Kurmaskie in the article, the surrounding environment affects cyclists. The scene takes place somewhere outside Lodi, California, in early summer. The cyclist took advice from some elderly people that made it hard for him to get out. As the sun got better and his water began to run out, it became more difficult to travel to Yosemite. The cyclist travels through California's high desert in June. When the terrain starts to change from flat roads to rolling hills, cyclists work harder to reach their destination. Sunlight and hot air dehydrate him faster. Cyclists had to stop and even try to suck on pebbles to quench their thirst after going "down a steep hill". He was exhausted and relieved when he found an inhabited store. Then, the characteristics of the environment have a big impact on the cyclist. The weather dehydrated him and the terrain exhausted him.
The settings in the article affect the mind and body of the cyclist. The fact that he was crossing the desert in June affected the duration of his water supply. If he has been riding on @DATE1, his water supply will last longer and he will have more energy. This has also affected the cyclist since the old man told the cyclist he was abandoned because he had to keep going even though he was getting weaker. I think the biggest impact on a cyclist is when he arrives at the bait shop. If it's abandoned like everything else, the cyclist will die. Fortunately, though not so, he was able to drink water. The factory affected his spirits because the picture of the boy haunted him in a way because he was drinking juice that cyclists couldn't. All in all, I think the conditions a cyclist is in affects him. Because before I knew what it felt like to have no water, I was passed out from dehydration. First you have a headache; then your mouth is dry, despair enters, and finally you are dizzy.
"Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits" @CAPS1 Settings cyclist's mental and physical state. Every state has negative and positive effects. The cyclist's physical impact, as the setup is evident throughout the story. For example, a cyclist arrives at @PERSON2 and @PERSON1's fish camp where he can rehydrate again. The positive impact keeps cyclists healthy and safe again. Spiritually set up, @CAPS1 is basically a cyclist. This can be seen when cyclists in cozy camps around @LOCATION1. He is very happy in this regard. This positive impact prepares cyclists for a trip to Yosemite. Also, when the cyclist arrives at "Ramshackle @CAPS2, a couple of rusty pumps and a corral" he is troubled. He was mentally negatively affected by the small amount of water available. Additionally, cyclists feel "sad" and "desperate" when riding in dry, arid terrain. Riders are in the worst mental state at this place. Finally, the cyclists were relieved to see the fish camp. He described the feeling saying his troubles are now "behind him". Setting positive effects changes the mental state from negative to positive in this case. Setup is a major factor in determining the physical and mental state of a cyclist. Setting the @CAPS1 cyclist's physical and mental state is almost equally positive and mental in the story.
His setup makes cyclists feel lonely. The cyclist quickly lost hope as she never saw anyone or water on the road. Cyclists said they saw a "ghost town". The cyclist didn't see anyone and was dehydrating before he got to the fish camp. It made him lose hope and at some point he thought he was going to die. For example, he said, "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up." Clearly, this setup has a very negative effect on cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist as he is in the forest. It was a bumpy ride with lots of trouble along the way. This is a journey all the way. But he ended up having a hard time telling a story.
The setting for the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Established Speed Limit" affects the physical and emotional attitudes of cyclists. At the beginning of the article, the cyclist "rides into the morning with strong legs and a smile on [his] face." It wasn't too hot in the morning. So, cyclists are happy and strong. He has the confidence to overcome everything. Over time, "the sun started to set" and he started drinking lots of water, but he was still confident and strong. “I came to a ramshackle shed [and] a couple of rusted pumps, and it was a disturbing sight.” The cyclist was traveling in the hot California desert. He became tired and thirsty. He has to save as much water as possible. What started as a confident journey into the desert turned into a survival journey. Once the cyclist found the water, he was relieved. He felt more confident that he could ride his bike to his destination. Weather and environment can affect our mood and body, as in the article, cyclists are tired physically and emotionally as a hot, sunny day passes.
When the cyclist begins his journey, he is confident and withdraws from the new directions offered by some "old wise men" that promise a shortcut. This water supply is mediocre and willful to flat and hilly terrain until he realizes the direction is off target. When he came to the first "town," the cyclist was heading to Yosemite, but it wasn't a town, it was more of a haunted house. As he continued to hope that the shortcuts offered by the old "code" would actually come to fruition, he realized that he was completely alone in the hot desert, his water was draining, and his spirit was declining. He was disturbed by his choice to follow the advice of his elders, and through his pain and despair, he decided to encourage himself by not listening to their type. The cyclist felt like he was screwed, but through his will and determination, through rationing water and mentally choosing to ride a bike for each mountain once, he endured the physical, emotional and spiritual ordeal and survived Learned the invaluable experience of never consulting elderly "code farmers" on map issues, as their information is likely to be out of date.
The reason why the setting affects the cyclist is to say it is hotter it is going to be more water that he drank. Plus, the further he travled the more tired he got which made him hotter and it caused him to drink more of his water.
The characteristics of the setup greatly influence the cyclist in his determined ride. At first, he seemed to be talking about the cool pines and rushing river he would encounter when he got to Yosemite. After a hard ride, he started to get nervous and wondered if he would survive. His water was running out and he thought it was a rattlesnake. When he reached the rolling hills, he saw a posted speed limit sign saying not to exceed the 55 mph limit. He was doing a "water consumption at 12 mph" and wondered how he would survive. At the end of the rolling hills, he came to an old Welch grape factory and wondered how cruel his life was. After that, he is determined to survive and reach his destination. He picked up the words from the horizon and rode through the desert. Finally got to the "only camp where Wilburs was fishing and he knew he was safe and would survive.
The hot, dry and baronial conditions have a big impact on cyclists. The Baron is a hot, dry and deserted place. Cyclists are trying to ride their bikes to Yosemite National Park. His decision to follow the instructions of several old men was a mistake. "...just because I've listened to some gentleman who hasn't left the porch for decades," (Kurmaskie). Hot and dry conditions make cyclists the biggest obstacle to staying hydrated.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is because of @CAPS1 @CAPS2. He did so due to the cyclist's limited water availability. The cyclist listens to the old man, so he walks great distances. So this makes things really bad. Due to the lack of water and the distances, cyclists shove pebbles into their mouths, hoping to forget their thirst. The cyclist thought he was dead and the bird picked him up because he thought he was going to die from dehydration. The road conditions made it even harder for him, first he started on the straight road, and then he ended up going downhill. In conclusion, the cyclist encountered many obstacles that made his trip more difficult than he thought.
The function of the settings affects the cyclist because then you will not have the settings, there are a lot of them in the mountains. There is no water either. For example, in the story he told, it was the hilly area. He also said there is no building, he is completely on his own, and @MONTH1 scares him. So the setup affects the cyclist as it is a very hot and dry climate with no water and no buildings; no one asking for directions makes him scared, lost and afraid of what happens to him.
During his cycling journey, he encountered a lot? ? ? ? ? . Mainly the driver? ? and water. In the article, it says how he got to the first town and searched for water. It says "This place may have been a thriving little place - say, before the last world war." This affected the cyclist as he was running out of water. Another feature of the environment that affects cyclists is heat stroke, not the construction of a car or an entire road.
The characteristics of the setup affected the cyclist because of the poor road conditions, no sunlight and dessert, and the reason for the low energy supply he left behind
As if cycling through the city wasn't tiring enough, the author of this story was even worse. First, climate is the source of disaster. "California high desert in June." @CAPS1 is clearly a debilitating factor, as is direct sunlight and humidity. If a cyclist doesn't have the correct gean, he can be hurt by all three factors. Second, "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS2 His stamina is being put to the test as it takes the energy to endure and the willpower to climb each mountain. On top of that, all of these traits are detrimental due to the lack of water in his bottle. In the desert, water is nowhere to be found. In hot weather, the water bottle can get hot, and in the sun, the water can even evaporate. Environment and weather seem like the perfect combination to do more harm than good to me.
The characteristic that affects a cyclist is the lack of water that slows him down. The other is an instruction from an old man, which may not be up to date now.
This scene explains an early summer night with some eccentric men. He must have been in a lively mood at the time. "Like a stupid young man, the next morning I followed their advice..." (Kurmaskie) said, if you're lively, I'd think it's a way to get drunk and not get drunk, and without knowing Do what others think you should do without you being persuaded to do it.
The setup presents cyclists with difficult problems and tough dangers. It's hot, and just going through the heat is tough enough, but going through a desert with limited water has to be miserable. The warmth of the desert affects the cyclist, making him tired. This also delayed his time to reach his destination faster. Not only does he have to go through bad weather, but also dangerous situations. Sometimes "a tumbleweed crosses my path, a snake that's ridiculously large". This delays him and takes time to cycle. As you can see, it's been a rough ride for readers and affected cyclists.
The features around a cyclist have a big influence on him. There are only hills, rough terrain, sand + tumbling weeds around him. These traits made him think he was going to die because there was no life around him. Everything is dry + vivid + that's how he feels. The old rusted water pump shows that it hasn't been used for a long time + the black tar pumped out doesn't help his negative thoughts about life.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Range from temperature, environment and water availability. First, cyclists get tired and exhausted from the temperature and terrain, e.g., "I'm traversing the high deserts of California in June". I can imagine the brutality of the scorching heat while riding on the road. It also makes me feel tired and exhausted. Second, the riding environment affected him, making him less confident the more he rode. For example, "This place may have been a thriving little arena, say, before the last world war—the last morning, it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town." It shows how the information he's been giving has left him unsure. where to go. I would feel powerless and would do the same in his situation. Finally, the lack of water scares him. For example, "Save my water and turn it around for an hour or so so my heart doesn't get affected." It made him feel bad. As you can see, it affects cyclists in many ways.
In the paper "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", the authors use the set features to demonstrate the effect of cyclists. In this article, the rider gets directions from two old men on a perch. In the article it said: "Never take the weaving advice of a bunch of oldies who haven't made their porch center possible since Carter took office." It shows that old people can be wrong and places can change. Besides, he was almost out of water on this shortcut. This article says I'll save water and walk inward for an hour or more - a test of my inner spirit. He's running out of water, but he's determined to get to @CAPS1 at the last minute when terrain affects him. The limited water supply in the hills proved to be a challenge. The paper states. Flat roads are covered with rolling hills. This shows that he is very determined. He survived despite the hills adding to his struggles. This is how the author uses the set's features to add to the cyclist's struggles.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists because they think they're old enough to see what's going on, and they've been through it, they're more experienced and more aware of what's going on, so people should listen to them.
His confidence in the cyclist began to wane after he talked to "oldies who haven't left the porch since Carter took office." He walked into the desert happy, hopeful, and determined. He began to feel touched as his cistern began to disappear, and he approached the sight of the old shed, the canal, and a pair of pumps. He tried to get water from the pump, which was hot and "tested to be like battery acid". His confidence will only dwindle as he moves on. He traveled through deserts and "absurdly large snakes" and the water level was low. Finally, he sees a building in the distance that ironically illuminates an abandoned juice factory, a sign with his left hand sipping some juicy icy liquid, making fun of the ruins, and he begins to lose hope. He didn't think he was going to get to his destination or anywhere else. Although he approached the old factory, he encountered a bait shop, where his hope and energy were built.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in several ways. For example, the characteristics of "Rough Road" did not allow him to drive @NUM1 at the speed limit of @NUM2. Second, he was driving in the desert when a large snake swooped in on the road, causing the man to "relax over and try to balance while I was sweating". Again @CAPS1 because he was driving through the desert and he was so hot that he started dehydrating due to lack of water. In the end, there were no buildings a few miles away, so he got lost and had nowhere to stop to ask for directions. These few features undoubtedly affect cyclists.
Many features of the environment influence cyclists' difficult journey to Yosemite. First up, the old-timers of the Reservoir Campground. They may be old, but not very smart. For example, "I followed their advice and took a 'shortcut' from the front line that would take a few hours from my ride to Yosemite National Park." This is how a cyclist describes how Taking a shortcut from the old man that almost got him killed @CAPS1, the sun had a warming effect on the cyclist causing him to dehydrate. For example, "I hit my water bottle a lot, and I'm traveling through the high deserts of California in June." This shows you how hot the climate he's in. Finally, lack of water can lead to major problems, such as heat stroke or dehydration , which can lead to death. For example, "I might have a heat stroke on a nice day in June..." This means there isn't enough water to keep him cool and he feels like he's going to die.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the settings often affect the character. An example of this is when the character arrives at a place where there is nothing. "I was greeted by a crumbling shack, a few rusted pumps and a corral that couldn't even fit the lame mule." This sentence explains that the character (the cyclist) is confused. Another example of this harsh setting is when the water in his bottle feels @NUM1 degrees. "I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June." That sentence indicates that it's hot outside, which makes the water hot. Another example of a setting is when the terrain changes. "@CAPS1 roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." This forces cyclists to work harder and use more energy. These conditions make cyclists have to work harder to find their destination.
The settings in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" have a big impact on cyclists. For starters, it's never a safe thing to say he's "traversing haute desserts." He has been drinking water regularly but the temperature is rising. He was, "trying to balance in my dehydrated state." Dehydration due to terrain turning his water into "a very similar substance." The setting of the story is brutal for cyclists.
Conditions and characteristics affect everything about a cyclist. The condition is that he must conserve as much water as possible while keeping his body hydrated so that he does not become dehydrated. The desert-like land features are ferocious. It was dry and bumpy, not to mention snakes and other creatures lingering outside. You can never predict what they will do.
The character of the story's setting affects cyclists in many ways. For example, when he got to the first town, the water tasted like battery acid, which made the rider realize the water was in harsh conditions like temperature. The biker will listen to the old man and try to get where he is going faster.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. One characteristic is that the land is dry. After stepping on it for so long, he was dehydrated, but he didn't have a drop of water. I don't know how long it took, he felt that he couldn't run that far. Another feature of this setup is heat. He felt he couldn't go on because the heat of the sun made him want to get heatstroke. Clearly, the characteristics of the environment do have a big impact on cyclists.
During his journey as a cyclist, he experienced physical and mental stress. The heat, rough terrain, animals and his loneliness all make him nervous as he completes challenging tasks. His isolation as he rides "shortcuts" is a definite factor in his stress. @PERSON1 said, "No people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." @PERSON1 must focus on completing his task. There was no one nearby who could help him, and there was no shelter for him to escape the heat. The heat itself played a very important role in Kurmarski's physical strain. The heat made him extremely thirsty, requiring him to find plenty of water quickly. Kurmaskie said, "I'm becoming more aware that I could fall due to heat stroke," a statement that proves that heat is a life-threatening factor. Rough terrain and snakes and two factors in his journey make his journey even more brutal. Avoiding the snake's physical stress and dangerous terrain in the middle of the road just puts him in a more gentle position.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the feature set has a bad effect on cyclists. First, cyclists become dehydrated from heat and lack of water. “I let go of the past, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state.” This line in the text stores him as dehydrated, so it creates the obstacles he has to face. In addition, another undesirable effect of the characteristics of the environment faced by a cyclist is that he has to face the rough road ahead. "ROUGH THE ROAD AHEAD: DO NOT EXCEED THE POSTED SPEED LIMIT." If I were a cyclist and only knew there was trouble ahead, I would die. Fortunately, the cyclist made it through and controlled his obstacle well.
There are many features in the settings that affect cyclists. One characteristic is the climate. When you ride a bike and it's hot, you can get dehydrated very quickly. If it's really cold, it's hard to breathe and hold your breath. Another feature in the environment that can affect a cyclist is the terrain. If there are too many very steep hills, you'll get very tired very quickly, and when it's rocky, you could fall off the bike and hurt yourself. A final feature of the environment that affects cyclists is the degree of isolation of the road. If the cyclist runs out of water and has nowhere to park on the road, it can be almost fatal to the cyclist. Besides, if the road is so isolated and you are injured, who will find you. This is another deadly situation. These are the main features of the environment that can affect cyclists.
Features in the environment affect the cyclist by dehydrating him. The setting has a hot sun, no trees and no water. Cyclists are also upset. In the story he said "Me and growing up???:??? I might fall from heat stroke."
The environment is hot and dry, which affects cyclists a lot. She doesn't have enough room to carry a lot of water and fishing rods to keep the potrons drinking. Also listening to the old people who don't know much doesn't help, and puts her on a harder path
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in several ways. The first is the cool forest road from which he set off. Since rote memorization is not easy, he feels confident and starts to end up in the wrong direction. Another factor was the time he rode into the desert. The cyclist became dehydrated and the little water he could find tasted like battery acid. These factors gave the cyclist false hope, which affected him and nearly resulted in his death.
The way the story was set up helped the man a lot. He was riding and it was hot, but with "cool pines and risum river" it was worth a try. It keeps him cool so he can get wet on the next town. That's why I think the hole and river cards help a lot.
Whether it's lack of water, hills or weeds - all of these can affect cyclists. The lack of water affects the cyclist because it is hot outside and he needs water. The hills also affected him because it was hard to sell on the hills. Lastly is the tumbleweed. Rolling weeds give a unique desert look. When he sees tumbling weeds, he tries to keep his balance because he's partially dehydrated and doesn't want to collapse. Dehydration/lack of water affects the author because he is very thirsty and everyone needs water to survive. When you're short on water and energy, it can make your goals harder to accomplish.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the set features affect the cyclist, gradually exhausting him and pushing the limits of his hope and survival skills. At first, the cyclist entered a desolate town, but he remained calm and amused by the phrase, "I laughed, checked my water supply, and moved @NUM1). Soon after, the cyclist Man is haunted by "a crumbling shack and a couple of rusty water pumps going through the high deserts of California in June" (@NUM2). He's upset about it, severely affecting the water supply, and unfortunately, he's still Continuing. While he's still isolated and beyond repair, the cyclist tries to keep hope alive, but soon falls apart. He reflects, "Tell myself I can get that far and I'll be @NUM3). Every aspect of the environment has become increasingly disappointing for cyclists.
He was very happy and carefree at the start of his cycling journey. The cyclists came to the first deserted town with no description of the setting because the cyclists were not worried yet. After leaving the first town, the cyclists barely noticed the heat because "my name is written on the cool pine trees and rushing river in Yosemite." The cyclists were still in high spirits. Cyclists start to get thirsty when they encounter the pump. He tried to get water, but the pump didn't work. So far, the road in the story has been mostly smooth and straight. The cyclist then noticed some hills on the road. At this point the cyclist has no water and is very dehydrated. After a mountain, the cyclist saw a building. The building is an abandoned grape juice factory, which is ironic considering the state the cyclists are in. The cyclist, who smokes rocks as a last resort, gives up hope of survival when he encounters a fish camp. He got water from the bathroom and everything was fine. The environment in this story affects the cyclist because as the environment changes, so do the cyclist's emotions and feelings about survival and the danger he is in.
The characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in many ways. When in the article it says, "The sun is starting to go down," it suggests that this affects how he feels while riding his bike on the road, which affects his ability to continue cycling in the sun? ? ? He worked hard. Also, when he says "I'm consuming water at 12 mph", it's an indication that he's also dehydrated at the start, very slowly, as the heat and lack of water affect his ability to continue cycling in the area.
I believe the cyclist is a person and I think the old man should shoot him. I believe it was a little sluggish to ride a bike that long. I feel like no matter how good or bad you are, you should even go for a really long rider on a bike.
This environment had a big impact on cyclists during his journey. Such hot temperatures tire the cyclist and make him thirsty. Also, the hills are so high that it is difficult to continue riding. Because he was in the desert, there weren't many towns to go to. All of these factors affect cyclists.
Set it to "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" in three ways. One way is that it is very bare so there is no shade to stop the sun from hitting the cyclist which increases his dehydration and inability to concentrate. Another way in which the environment affects a cyclist is the rolling hills where he rides his bike through the hills and the desert makes him work harder, expend more energy, and consume more energy and consume his food supply in the desert. Also ensuing the heat of the enemy made him not believe what he thought there was a mirage to see. The last way to affect him is a ghost town, when he sees a ghost town, he hopes to get water and heat, but when he passes by, he finds nothing, leaving him depressed and thinking of death.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists because when you ride a bike, the California desert is hot, dry, bad direction, hot and dry, and in the desert it's terrible. It was a long ride, under the scorching sun, with no water, and he thought he was dying because he had no insight.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. For example, in the short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," cyclists have to endure traversing large hills while being dehydrated and tired from cycling for miles to their destination. This environment can sometimes even make you lose hope and give up. The cyclist in the short story; it wasn't until he found a shop that sold bait that he started to lose hope. This setting controls how long it takes you to reach your destination and how you get there. For example, if you come across a dirt road with a large rock on the road, you have to find another way to get there. In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways.
The setup affected the cyclist as he ran out of water in the California desert in June. He also bikes up and down curry, hilly trails. The cyclist eventually starts to lose water and his resolve is tested as he struggles to get to the next town. He said: "With a wide circle of dry candy around my shirt, I'm becoming more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June simply because I've listened to something I haven't heard in decades. Words from the old gentleman leaving the porch. Makes me laugh." The author is showing how his circumstances affected him. He also marked a road sign "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit." It's ironic because he's exhausted and now he's about to hit a treacherous road. I've never been on a bike for a long time and it's hard to imagine being pushed to such a tired state. I can relate it to my time at @NUM1 football games during the summer heat. It was painful and every time I got the ball I had to give it my all.
In the story, the character of the scene affected him because he was running out of water. He also had to go around a snake. This left him tired and dehydrated. His muscles were sore from the rough terrain. He was dehydrated by the sun.
The character of the scene affects the cyclist in many ways because it is almost like the cyclist's background and subject. The features used in this story are mostly about the background he's going to and where he's at. He showed readers how many places he needed to go, and now he was desperate. When he says "that's a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least I still have the energy to feel sorry for myself." In this line he says he @MONTH1 is tired and not in top shape, but At least he knows he's not in good shape, he knows he's in trouble, but he can still laugh it off, realize but he's been working on it anyway. In my opinion this article showcases many different ideas like hope, awareness, ability and courage to realize that you need help but keep on proving to yourself that you can accomplish what you want and plan to do no matter what .
The character of the setting affects cyclists as it is a dessert. Desserts are hot. I know this because in the story he said it felt around @NUM1 degrees. He struggled for water, but couldn't find anything cool. He found a water pump that "had a tar-like substance seeping out, and then somewhere around two hundred degrees there was the feeling of black water." That meant it was hot and couldn't find water.
Many dangerous and strict features can affect cyclists. He begins his journey with the old man's shortcut. The cyclist is very excited about the idea of shortcuts and is drinking his water effectively. Soon, he starts to get lost and the sun starts to hit him. He's under pressure while thinking about the cool pressure of @CAPS1 and then not bothered by the sun even though the imaginary setting of the imaginary stream has an effect on cyclists. Soon, the sun began to prick him even more. The cyclist was starting to run out of water, and he made sure the vividness he encountered wasn't a mirage. He got stuck and thirsty as he crossed the corner
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The cyclist's perseverance in rough terrain makes him weak. For example, the author says "look at most of the sidewalk in front of me and stop tilling to keep my balance in my dehydrated state." This suggests that the author is dehydrated because it's so hot that he keeps going even with a physical handicap . Another thing that affected the author was that he wanted to give up because the terrain was too bad. For example, in the text, "It doesn't matter if I die, the birds will pick me up, obviously, just some seasoned outdoor gear." This shows that even when times get tough, the author still has to go. The text shows how exhausted he was when the wind devoured him at the time of his death. He would be dehydrated from the desert humidity and heat. In other words, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways.
The function of this setting affects cyclists, because if you go down a hill and then hit a rough road, you won't do as well. For example, he kept driving on flat land, then it turned into hills and finally into rough roads. These situations can seriously harm someone.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in several different ways. When the cyclist found the town of gohst, he couldn't ask others for better directions or get some food or water because there was no one there. The brief rolling hills made pedaling more difficult, as it was difficult to pedal uphill. At the end of the story, he finds a bait shop where he gets water and better directions.
The character of the set affects all the mountain sets, as well as all the rough roads. As the article says, "The flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills. After I reached the first few summits, a gigantic highway sigh hit me," it means, the flat road is fast It turned into rolling hills. If I'm a biker going uphill, my legs get really tired and sore after a while, for example when my friend @PERSON1 and I were on a bike ride we went to @CAPS1 @ Fishermisburg @ CAPS2, then we had to ride up a big mountain, so after pedaling a few times, our legs started hurting, so we decided to walk up the mountain.
The "bumpy front" setting has multiple effects on cyclists. First, he's riding his bike in the desert. This poses a problem as it is very dry and hot. At one point in the story, the author writes that he was "trying to keep his balance in a state of dehydration." It was clear that the lack of water had a big impact on him. He almost collapsed because he was so thirsty. Another part of the environment that affects a cyclist is that he is in a very remote area. He said: "No one in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. Because of the rolling now, the cyclist has to keep riding and drinking until he finds a place to stop. In the end, The "rough road" affects cyclists. The road makes travel more difficult and causes cyclists to have a very difficult time. If I'm going to be on a bike for a long time, I'd rather have a flat road, This way I can rejuvenate. The heat, remoteness and rough roads in the area affect cyclists.
The character of the scene has a big impact on the cyclist in the story. The desert climate checklist takes a toll on the cyclist by rapidly depleting his water supply. He also started to worry when every town the old man said turned into a ghost town. This led the cyclist to suspect that he might not have survived what the old man called a "shortcut".
The features in the settings affect cyclists because there are different types of hills out there. He noticed the stones in the middle of the road. He had to make sure he had a lot of water because it looked like he was in the desert. There were no cars around, but he still had to look for any cars in case they came out of nowhere. There are many twists. It was hot so he had to make sure he didn't have a clean scaoke. He had nowhere to stop because there was no shade. There are no stores where he can stop for water and food. That's the cyclist's setup.
Condition issues in @CAPS1's stories tend to affect cyclists' moods. For example, when the sign said, "Ahead of the rough road: don't exceed the speed limit." @CAPS1 This time he saw a snake he was scared of, so he was trying to keep his balance while dehydrated, so he relaxed. Dry, hot climates are starting to become a problem for cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, if he drinks battery-flavored water, he can try it. Or if he doesn't get enough clean water on time. Driving a bike for long distances without water or any other softener is very energy-intensive. So you have to plan such a trip very wisely.
In the story, the setting greatly affects cyclists. Riders who cycled through California and apparently were very hot in "beautiful @DATE1". He also ran out of water, which nearly put him in a bind. But it's not the worst. The hills made him run out of water and energy faster. There is also no place to stop for a drink. The cyclist was lucky he survived the rough California terrain.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. He probably wouldn't be dehydrated if he wasn't in the "high deserts of California in June," and if he was @DATE1, it wouldn't be so hot outside. Also, he would be more dynamic without the "rolling hills". As you can see, the settings make a big difference for cyclists.
There are many functions that affect cyclists. The lack of water slowed him down. Hills and sun are also a big problem.
In the story "Do not exceed the published speed limit", the character of the scene has a lot to do with the cyclists. The ride was rough, windy, and many hills. Cyclists have to drink a lot of water. When the cyclist rode into the so-called town, he found nothing and, as he said, "I started pumping that old rusty water pump, but nothing but nasty black water. come out."
The characteristics of the environment that affected the cyclist in the past, traversing hot neighborhoods and very roads, dehydrated her and affected her journey, including the long bikes he had to go.
In the story, the cyclist begins with confidence that he can complete the entire ride. But after he left the first town, he had been riding and needed water, so he stopped at a fork in the road where he was going; getting water from a pump that smelled like battery acid. Then, as he continued on his journey, he came to a placard that read "Rough road ahead: don't exceed the speed limit" (Joe Kurmaskie pg @NUM1) This part of his journey left him facing a rough The roads and mountains are so very challenging that he has to cross this to suck the water away from him. Then, as he crossed the last mountain, he saw a sign for a shop. So when he arrived, he got some water and got directions for a man with the best map. So you can see that going over a mountain sucked all the water off the cyclist, so when he finally got the water, he was relieved.
The settings feature in the article titled "Don't exceed the published speed limit" affects cyclists in a painful way. He was dehydrated and exhausted due to the environmental conditions he was in. Cyclists are dehydrated not only from lack of water, but also from the desert heat. He sweated so much that he lost a lot of body fluids. Cyclists also drive on unpaved roads, which require more energy than on paved roads. As a result, the cyclist became exhausted and nearly died. These are the ways in which the cyclist's environment affects him.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in ways of doubt, confidence, determination and relief. For example, he becomes suspicious when he has almost no water and doesn't know where he is or where he will end up. It starts with the old man on the porch telling him how to get there, and finally he feels confident when he says he'll listen to his map next time. He also made up his mind because he wanted to go to the next town he did, which also made him revisit, want to go to Yosemite National Park. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the cyclist's environment change his perception of travel. When he first started traveling, the road was fine, so he became confident. When the terrain began to change, he wrote, "life can feel so cruel at times", and he grew increasingly hopeless as he faced new terrain with so little water. When he began to see a building, he became hopeful and determined. However, he became miserable when he realized its old juice factory. When he left the factory, what did he think? ? ? All hope. "Somehow I crawled out of abandoned juice and dream factories, slowly gaining ascension while losing hope," as he wrote. @CAPS1 Finally, he almost looks back on the journey as he comes back to life with water Ridiculously, the rider knows that his appearance will change dramatically with the setup of the ride
The nature of California and the fact that cyclists are close to Yosemite makes the terrain rough and dangerous for cyclists. California's climate is very hot and it's desert, so cyclists have a much greater need for water. Many, if any, bike rides at @LOCATION1. In the story, cyclists had to traverse a desert-like environment with limited water supplies. The cyclist even mentioned in the story how many hours after riding the land turned into "short, rolling hills" which made it harder to pedal and made him work harder, in the story he also Reference was made to how the Suns beat him, which will also be a factor in helping to drain his hydration. Despite all the problems cyclists are facing right now, he manages to stay firm while others facing him may not be able to resolve them. Also, in your @MONTH1 story, you noticed that at various stages of his struggle, the author's tone went from confident to unsure to desser
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. It made him tired and thirsty, almost exhausted.
The cyclists in the article "Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits" took advice from the older gentleman and they offered him a shortcut they knew was going to @CAPS1 National Park. However, the land has changed a long time after these people were last here. The fist town he came to is a real ghost town. He smiled, those people must have been here a long time ago. @CAPS2 Prolonged exposure to hot roads and diluted water. He almost lost all hope when he arrived at a dilapidated grape juice factory. He finally got to a bait shop to get water. He will never take advice from anyone other than his map.
The characteristics of the setting give the author hope, which in turn affects cyclists. When he saw a sign that read "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Established Speed Limit", he had little hope because he was consuming NUM1 water per hour. Because of the speed of the water, he felt that life was cruel and sometimes he felt like he was about to lose the water. Also, when he encounters tumbleweeds and serpents, he tries to avoid them. If he gets bitten, he will die. Finally because of the heat he might also do a "wide sign dry" from heatsroke
In the "Don't exceed the published speed limit" story, many of the set features challenge cyclists. The cyclist took the message of the foreign old man and it was the first mistake he made. Realizing this, he said, "I bumped my water bottle a lot, I traveled in the high deserts of California, June." The lack of water in California combined with the heat, June turns into heatstroke for most people. Even further on the trip, even if all of those things were working against him, "flat rides were replaced by short, rolling hills," @CAPS1 Not only is he overheated and no water, but @CAPS1 he's also in trouble ride. Although the cyclist must have been exhausted, he continued on. Fighting all the additions and elements, many of the traits in the backstory of this story affect the cyclist, but he overcomes them with honor.
A dry environment like a desert can affect a cyclist because he can easily become dehydrated from the sun and lose water through sweating. The cyclist said, "I relaxed over and tried to keep my balance in the dehydration state" (rough road ahead). The man was severely dehydrated, but he was determined to keep going. The terrain changed from flat to rolling short hills. The road was abandoned along with the towns he passed through, hoping to get water. The person could say, "I've been trying, and at some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, and a ridiculously large snake—it did look like a diamond back—blocked the big snake in front of me. Part of the sidewalk” (Rough Road Ahead). The environment is distinctly desert-like, dry, hot, and dusty. This definitely affects his body, sweating, water loss leading to dehydration. In short, cyclists are greatly affected by the environment.
The characteristics of the environment have a considerable impact on cyclists. First, he "crossed the high deserts of California in June." He was running out of water, and he found that the pump could only produce. " Brackish water feeling about two hundred degrees." And "smells of battery acid." Then he came across "Rolling Hills" and "Rough @CAPS1." By the end, he was exhausted, sweaty, and desperate for water. turain makes the story more meaningful and proves that you don't get directions from the old guys.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", cyclists encounter several problems. The main contradiction for cyclists in this article is water scarcity. Cycling is a strenuous exercise that uses a lot of power from the rider. Water is necessary to ensure cyclists stay hydrated. In the text, the old man gives cyclists a detour through desert areas and hilly terrain. Cyclists dehydrate faster than usual due to hot weather and rough roads. For example, the text says, "The water bottle contains only a few mouthfuls of tentalizing, sweat-drying wide rings of my shirt, and there is growing recognition that I can drop from heatsroke on gorgeouse days in June." @CAPS1, by using Words like "tentalizing" to express a cyclist's need for water. Also, later in the sentence, the narrator refers to the old man, placing the blame entirely on them for suggesting the way. Readers can also conclude that the harsh setting of the article greatly affects cyclists
The function of the setting affects the cyclist by making his trip more difficult. It was hot, he was thirsty, and because the town was abandoned, he couldn't store water. The terrain he was going to cross was mountainous and the road conditions were not good. The heat, lack of water, ghost towns and rough terrain made his journey a very formidable achievement. Faced with all these obstacles, he was able to achieve his goal of fetching water.
Joe Kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" is about one man traversing some very difficult environments. The mood of the cyclist depends on the circumstances, his needs and his determination. The story is set in early summer in California. The weather is described as "the sun [begins] going down." He, "is traveling through the high desert of @CAPS1 can June." Because of the heat, he needs more water, which quickly becomes a conflict in this story. As things became more difficult, his attitude towards the old man's advice changed from helping them to wishing he had never heard of them. Also as the difficulty increases his determination to keep going, "tell [himself] if [he] can get that far, [he] will be fine." @CAPS2 For cyclists, setting impact is negative.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit. They have many characteristics that affect cyclists. For example, "The sun is starting to set. " They're starting to get hot, not tired. It's harder to pedal than when he's got all the bumps in the road. He's also sipping his water bottle hard. So that means he's hot, tired, and lost. "I knelt down with all my strength on the rusted pump handle" which tells us that he was working so hard that he would be exhausted on the ride. That's why functionality affects cyclists.
First, the old man threw the cyclist off the track to influence him. They did this by telling him a "shortcut" that would take him directly to his destination. The cyclist then faced the rough rolling hills of the road. During his long journey, the cyclist remains determined to reach his destination.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. If a cyclist was cycling at @LOCATION1 in mid-June, he would be less dehydrated. This cyclist is riding in the high desert of California to @NUM1° degrees. In the middle of @DATE2 in @CAPS1.A it's almost @NUM2° degrees. Also know that the desert has nothing. If he's riding somewhere else every mile, there's probably a gas station. Although the cyclist is riding "No @CAPS2's @CAPS3". Lastly, the roads in the desert are more dangerous because people never actually drive past them, and no one really complains about potholes and the like that often. They're more concerned that cities have a lot of people traveling, and that places where no one actually travels doesn't have to change or fill potholes.
The setup really took the cyclists out of their resolve. The hills made his ride difficult. It said, "A building came into view on a long hillside." This indicated that the hills were tough for him, as he said they were long and serious. Another thing in the scene is the building. Extremely thirsty, he came to an abandoned grape juice factory, which read: "Looks like @CAPS1 grape juice factory and bottling plant." These are two of several examples that affect cyclists.
The function of this setting has a major impact on cyclists. It was a very hot day and he was in the California desert with limited water supply. The weather started to get very hot, and his water supply began to decrease rapidly. The old man he said "hasn't left their porch since @PERSON1 took office" gave him the very wrong direction to Yosemite and he ended up getting lost in the hot California desert. He ended up at a fishing shop, refreshed with plenty of water in the tank, and set off again for Yosemite.
The peculiarities of the environment largely affected the cyclist, as there were bottles on the road at the time, which could have caused him real injuries. Also, the water he drank was running and tasted like battery acid. Then there are some rolling hills, which will be another big challenge for him. The setting was great for the cyclist as he also encountered a snake. In the end, he thought he had seen some mirages and told me the climate was extreme for cyclists. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The functionality of the settings affects cyclists for several reasons. One reason is that it makes it easier to paint a picture of how a cyclist feels. It also makes the cyclist look a little crazy as he does what he can in the weather and "falls off heatstroke". @CAPS1 The reason is that the weather affects cyclists so badly that he sees a mirage of "buildings that were abandoned years ago". The function of the setting affects cyclists as conditions seem inaccessible.
Throughout the story, cyclists describe hot weather and harsh asphalt in the Midwest in search of water. He mentioned the cute @DATE1 multiple times and his ears warmed up quickly as he hit the pedals. He also detailed how the journey changed from flat ground to rolling hills. Behind these aspects makes the use of the cyclist more orderly and provides the reader with an image of what he is going through.
In the article "Do not exceed the posted speed limit", the function of the setting affects cyclists in many ways. First, the whole environment is a dry, dusty desert where anyone can sit. “The sun was starting to go down, but I was bored to notice.” Having a big dehydration effect on cyclists myself took me to the next point. "I hit my water bottle a lot, and in June I was walking through the high deserts of California. This caused him to become even more dehydrated, and it caused him to think he was going to die. Along the way, he found an old abandoned juice factory. This affected him , filled him with despair and despair, causing him to push more and more to the water's edge. The character of the final setting just made him more determined to go into the water.
The environment affects cyclists in many ways, one way is the weather. In the story it says "I crossed the high deserts of California in June" (kermaskie @NUM1). That sentence said he was in the desert, which is usually warm. It also says that in June and June is usually a hot month. The weather affected the cyclist as he became dehydrated with very little water because it was so hot. Another way the environment affects cyclists is the environment. said in the story. "No one could be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind" (kurmaskie). There is someone around that sentence who can help him, so if he gets hurt or something. There is also nowhere to get some water.
Many functions of this setting affect cyclists. The most obvious and immediate feature is that the adventure takes place in "June California's High Desert." @CAPS1 about that passage saying sweltering heat; high means it will be closer to the sun, desert, hot part of the world, proverbial smoky California and midsummer June. Also, the water supply to the closet is "at two hundred degrees or so" and there is a "long remnant mountain" when the sun is heating up. All of this affects the cyclist most visibly, making him tired, which he explains vividly by expressing his fear of losing consciousness.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit," the characteristics of the scene affect cyclists. An example is when a cyclist says "I noticed a change in the terrain, flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills", this affects the cyclist as it makes him die of thirst Work harder. Especially on hot summer days. It makes his muscles work harder and uses his power more. In summer it is very hot. When the cyclist was on his bike, it was hot, and he said, "...about two hundred degrees." After this sentence, he was explaining the difficulty of being upset because there was no cold water. This affects the cyclist to think about the water instead of where he is and he might get lost. He doesn't have a good map.
As the cyclist continues his journey, he encounters many dull places and people. First, the old man he knew he shouldn't trust, but did it anyway. This took him across the desert. Even in a car, the desert can be a very hopeless place. Cycling is bound to be worse if you know the op will be there to save you from dehydration if you run out of water. It's just that the endlessly desolate landscape also affects cyclists. Another bad feature is the endless abandoned towns and spoiled water. Every time he thought he was saved, he was knocked down again by the fact. For example, he has to pump for a few minutes to get water that tastes bad. Finally found a place to bait and water when he ran out of energy, that dramatic and resting place sucks, there's an old man there, isn't it? !
The character of the cyclist in the article affects the background, because if he hadn't crossed the desert, the reader wouldn't think he was in such a dangerous situation. When the cyclist arrived at the grape factory, he said he was almost dehydrated. Then when he got to the bait shop, he drank water from the tap.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist, the rolling hills were rolling, and he had almost no water, because it was so hot, he had been drinking and ran out of water early. The story says that as he rode, "he barely noticed the sun was starting to go down." This line suggests it was starting to get hot. Also, in the story he says "I checked my water supply." @CAPS1 means he's starting to realize he's running low on water. So in all environments it's thermal waste, they don't have water, so cyclists are affected by it all
The setting is an important factor in the story. I am the dessert of desserts and lack water. I was riding a dangerous bike. Because you use your feet to move, this consumes energy and uses the water in your body.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist as he rides his bike uphill in extreme heat. His water supply was also short when he was heading in the wrong direction.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The old man gave the cyclist incorrect instructions and he got lost. The lack of water causes him to probably suck on pebbles to forget his thirst. Rolling hills make cyclists use up more energy. These are the effects of the environment on cyclists.
The teacher in the environment has a big influence on the cyclist. "My worries, my thirst and my fears were all behind me," as she cycled around corners.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead", a cyclist starts cycling in California on a hot summer day, where he will meet some elderly people who give He is a "shortcut". There was not a drop of drinking water when he discovered that most of the places he was told were abandoned ghost towns. If he is in a different setting, such as by a river or a spring, he will stop for a drink. Or, even if he was in a more populated, more industrialized area, he could stop for a drink in any building; but he was in the dry, hot, desolate hills of California, with no water. In this case, he became tired and thirsty. Dehydrated; can't wait for a drink, he finally makes it to a bait shop with water
During cyclist @CAPS1 he was often influenced by the setup. It was very hot for him when he rode the bike, but it wasn't that bad at first. "The sun was starting to plummet, but I barely noticed it." This proves that the cyclist knew it was getting hot, but it didn't affect him. Another thing that affects him is the time he travels. "I hit my water bottle a lot, and in June I was traveling in the high deserts of California." It's a testament to how often readers drink because of the time of day and year. All of this shows that the setting affects the cyclist on his @CAPS2.
I think the characteristics of the setup do affect the way people ride their bikes because there are certain terrains in some places. Some types are not always suitable for cyclists because if there is a bump then someone could fall off the bike. Also, if it's dark and you @MONTH1 can't even see where you're going then you could hurt yourself very badly. That's why cycling is dangerous. Also, if you're in the type of environment where everything goes well, you @MONTH1 can ride just fine.
The feature set affects cyclists "not to exceed the posted speed limit". By changing his body. In mid-June, he was in the California desert, without any water. This caused him physical damage. His physical impact also left him feeling hopeless. "Mind you, it's a sad, hopeless laugh, but at least I still have the energy to feel sorry for myself," he said. So the way he suffered from dehydration affected his emotional state, as he felt as if there was nothing Can. If he was in another place, like @LOCATION2, where there wasn't a new place like California, he wouldn't be as dehydrated as in such a remote place. His bike may be compared to the @LOCATION3 climber who got lost in a snowstorm, instead of dehydration and heat stroke, they are hypothermic. If they were on different mountains, there wouldn't be a blizzard and they would be fine. The outcome of this story and the climbers were determined by their environment.
The conditions at some point make the cyclist hopeless because the heat of the land and the character of the environment are so harsh he has no hope, like the cyclist said I wish I could reach the horizon because there is nothing else to compare to. He can't say let's ride to the next building or mailbox because there isn't one. The nature of the desert made the cyclist fall, only he had no one to help him, and he would die of dehydration. Then the feature gets worse, he sees the welchs grapefruit building gives him little hope of survival, then he finds it abandoned, it's like the last thing he gives up. The cyclist nearly lost consciousness before running into the fishing shop where he took a sip of water. Therefore, these characteristics are the main reason why cyclists lose hope.
The character of the scene affected the writer because it dehydrated him. The dessert sun looked like he was sweating, and he had no water to use to replace his electrolytes. Also, once the author is on the mountain, he loses a lot of energy, so it's a lot of work touting him. If I were the author, I would also be tired because your body needs water to survive.
The settings in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" have a big impact on cyclists. From the cyclist's point of view, things started off well. He has a positive attitude as it says "strong legs and a smile on his face". As the man moved on, he came to a fort. To him, the sight before him was disturbing. Although very distressed, he still has the confidence to continue to persevere. Next he noticed a change in the terrain. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills," he explained, meaning he had to tout harder to get over the hills. The weather was bad and the cyclists were running out of water. Think about the possibility of heat stroke. "No one could be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind," as the man said. His mind went into a state of sadness and despair, but he persisted and the cycle went on and on. He was thirsty at this point and felt that his death was near. He said, "I'm going to die, and the birds will pick me up." He moved on and saw an old guy. He regained hope and moved on. The features of this story affect cyclists physically and mentally. Physically, he was tired and exhausted. Like this terrible state, he became mentally negative and pessimistic about his trip. The features of the setup interfere with the cyclist's physical and mental state.
In this story, "No Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit", by Joe Kurmaskie, I believe this setting greatly affects cyclists. I believe this because it's fine when it's a long downhill cool road, but if it's a straight uphill road and it's very hot, he feels like he can't keep pedaling. When the setting is in a hot desert with no one around, cyclists can get very tired, so the setting has a big impact on the mood in this story. another example
A cyclist is a cyclist. They can be a group of different people or a single cyclist. Some cyclists go miles on their bikes, some can ride @NUM1 miles, some go over hills, to water, they do a lot. They have a lot of time where it's hard to bike that far.
The environment was hot like a desert, nobody was around, and it was very dry. Being hot outside affects the cyclist because he sweats and needs water. The heat exhausted him. No one around will prevent him from getting the water he needs for his journey. These things keep him busy and make it harder for him to find a place to fetch water.
This setting affects cyclists as it can be a good or a bad thing. It's fine if a cyclist adjusts his own settings, but not so good if someone messes them up.
In this story about a cyclist who rides in California and is handed over to Yosemite National Park, he encounters a group of elderly people who are dumped with lack of water and poor instructions. Scenes play a big role in his "challenges," from pines to barren hills. At the start of his attempt, he passed a "gbost town" that clearly saw better days. This brought him his first doubt, and he continued to be cautious. Then there are those pines with "my name on it". This gave him hope and comfort. Then there's the rusted pump and the "shaky shed." They took away hope and comfort and made him cautious. The hills that made him work hard, the snakes that made him slow down, and the rich juice company of hell didn't help and made things worse. Then he got some water in the bathroom and everything was fine. It's not set quite the same, he won't have any hope, or he'll have hope, but it won't go down and up and make the story interesting.
The winding hills, limited water and bad directions are an annoyance for this cyclist. First he got really bad instructions from a bunch of old people who haven't been out on the porch for a while, then he went through the first town and didn't fill his water bottle, then he got lost and ran out of water but found a fishing spot there Local storage of water and people can give him a better map.
There is no water and no direction to affect cyclists. Water effect cyclist as he says in the article "I Might Fall From Heat Stroke" (Kurmaskie). Also lack of direction is another big problem. This is important because he will ride for a long time without direction. Summary water and no direction are the cyclists' problems in the story
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, who drinks most of his water less than halfway to his destination when he starts out on the road because he thinks he has enough water. It wasn't until he took his last few sips of water that he realized how hot it was. He started to get dehydrated and he remembered that the old man said the next town was 18 miles away, so he kept going, and when he got to the town, there was nothing to drink but a dilapidated factory. He took the same stone and sucked them, and he swallowed it over a lump. Next time, he said to himself, he would just follow the map, and everything that passed on the road would be destroyed and abandoned. Eventually he got to a bait shop and got some water in the bathroom.
The function of this setting affects the grate trade for cyclists. For example, it wasn't, Hill was dehydrated. He was on this rusty and rough road, and it didn't help his dehydration. Another example is when he finds a plane, he can set changes and find the best way to get to his destination. Features on settings affect cyclists.
The cyclist experiences many natural environments that affect him. First, he rode into barren land. Cyclists describe the desolation with "it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town". It was a response to the first "town" he encountered. Next, he talks about a large snake approaching him, which was dangerous, but luckily he avoided it. But the worse environment cyclists have to deal with is water scarcity. This is a threat to any living thing. But in the end he finds some water and the story ends.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the setting is relevant to the author's feelings. At first, when the author saw the abandoned first "town", he didn't worry too much and moved on. "I laughed, checked my water supply, and moved on. The sun was starting to go down, but I barely noticed." The author is ok @CAPS1, there's still plenty of water. The next thing he started running out of water, he became more panicky. This in turn makes the day look hotter. "I hit my water bottle a lot and in June I'm walking through the high deserts of California." The day the @CAPS1 author ran out of water seemed even worse, after which he moved on and encountered a rattlesnake, which made him even just panic" and A ridiculously large snake. It does look like a diamond blocking most of the pavement in front of me. I relax and try to keep my balance in a dehydrated state." @CAPS2 when he goes to the bait shop to drink from the sink Water time; things don't seem so bad anymore and no more talk of water and heat. Therefore, the setting is related to the mood of the author.
In this little story, the character of the scene really affects the cyclists. In this story, the backdrop is a hot, dry terrain that is better explained by the name California. The heat of this desert climate seems to start taking a toll on him after he reaches the first town. I know this from his statement. "This place may have been a thriving little place - say, before the last war - but it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town that morning. I smiled, checked my water supply, and moved on. The sun started Downhill. During this @DATE1 period, the summer was scorching hot and he drank a lot of water." So this setup really affected him a lot, causing him to use his water supply and causing him to start a dehydration process. I know how the summer heat can affect you during the @DATE1 campaign. Sometimes it feels like you're going to die, but that building is always near the bend, just for cyclists.
In Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Speed Limit, the set features are devastating for cyclists. "@CAPS1 traversing the high deserts of California" certainly isn't an easy task. Without proper hydration, people often suffer from heat stroke or pass out, and sometimes even die, and for this cyclist, it's even worse as he's working hard, pedaling "short, undulating hills." To make matters worse, the trails that some very old, eccentric people take don't do much when the water supply dries up. The first town the cyclist encounters easily splits the "traditional definition of a ghost town", and the only other pump he comes to discharges nothing but sewage and incredibly hot salty water. So the water on the bike path just makes the heat worse. In the circumstances of the day, this combination of features caused so much pain on the bike that it nearly pushed him to death.
In this story, the environment has many effects on cyclists, such as weather, food and water availability, miscalculation of the elderly and roads. First of all, the weather is very dry, more than 200 degrees, which makes you sweat and make it difficult to breathe. The water supply around is not harsh, and when he tries to get it, the pump doesn't pump it out. Weather and water supply are the two main influences on cyclists.
The author is happy at the beginning of the story, but becomes frustrated by the end. "I ride till morning with strong legs and a smile on my face" (@NUM1). It shows that the author is in a good mood and happy to be there. She was on the road and no one could touch her. Then the story takes an unexpected turn. "I believe this is my last burst of energy, I maneuver down the mountain," (@NUM2) The author hears people after getting lost in a town that seems far from any living thing! She was very relieved to find anyone who could help her. She got water and was always great. The environment is scary for her because even if you live there, you feel like you can't! She feels alone and she will die. If the scene is in a city surrounded by buildings, even without water, the author still feels some sense of security
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The reason is water and mountains. One reason was the water, because his water was cooled and he kept topping it up. My last reason was because of the rolling hills.
There are features of the sun emitting fiery heat, "short rolling hills" and no water. There was also the fact that the rider thought he was in the middle of nowhere. This has a big impact on cyclists, both physically and emotionally. Heat, lack of water and constant uphill riding can drain a lot of people and make riding extremely difficult. Not to mention that there is not much hope left, so much so that the material thing of the whole mind is eliminated. Putting all the features of a setup together can lead to big trouble.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. About @NUM1 miles later, when water was needed, cyclists found a rusted pipe with a tar-like substance coming out of it, then a brackish water substance. When cycling, you need clean water. Next, the terrain changes from flat to very hilly. Water is needed, and the last thing you need is more challenge. Later in the food, there are no cars or any buildings. When you're at your worst, you'll want someone close in case you fall, but no one's there on that road. Confused, seeing old Welch's grape juice factory affects cyclists. Seeing the image of the beverage factory right in front of you, but not the business, has to make them feel like he/she will never make it. These features of the settings must affect cyclists.
The features in the scene greatly affect the cyclist. All was well until he ran out of water and reached the mountain. Now, if he's in Karada, he won't be dehydrated. But Hill is sure to play with his mind. The most important setting is the Welch grape juice factory. He could have gotten all the grape juice he wanted, but it was abandoned. An ironic twist" as he put it. The last one was seeing the bait shop where he lived and an old man showing him the way.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist as he is in the middle of nowhere with no water or direction. The man was also thirsty, there was no more water in the water bottle and he was starting to get thirsty. I found an example to show that he was thirsty. "The speed limit is @NUM1. I'm doing a water-guzzling @NUM2. Sometimes life can feel so cruel". By saying he was doing @NUM2 when it should have been @NUM1. He said he was exhausted and he needed water to refresh him again. Moreover, there was no one in front of him to guide him, which also affected him, because he did not know where the next rebuttal would be. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind." From a man's point of view, he may think civilization is farther away, and he may not be able to do that. This environment affects him so that he may begin to feel stressed or panic in most situations.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, he felt dehydrated and tired because he was riding in the desert and was dehydrated. I often feel this way when jogging for a long time. The "people who haven't left the porch since Carter took office" were added to the story. Because of their role, cyclists took an unmarked shortcut that turned out to be dire. Welch's factory affected the cyclist because it increased his thirst and made him think about it again. The sign showing grape juice was irresistible to him and drove him to keep looking for anything to drink. Terrain charges also affect the cyclist, as it causes him to now have to climb hills harder, not just on flat terrain.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, it says, "I'm traversing the high deserts of California in June." @CAPS1 The cyclist dehydrates him faster because of the heat he experiences in the desert in June. The heat made him drink more, so he ran out of water faster. He would then try to save water by not drinking, which would cause him to be more dehydrated as he lost fluid in his sweat, in the @NUM2 paragraph it said, "The flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills ," These hills affect the cyclist because he needs to use more energy to cycle up the hill. This will exhaust him faster than on flat ground. A cyclist would not be as dehydrated and tired as he would be if the circumstances were different, such as not in a hilly desert. In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways.
The function of the settings directly affects the cyclist. "I'm going through the high deserts of California in June." This affects the cyclist, because it's hot in June and going through the desert will make it worse, so he'll keep drinking water until he's done. He's also expending energy, which makes him sweat and drink more water. "A ramshackle shed. A few rusty pipes and a corral that can't even fit the lame mule greet me." It could also cause problems as he can't renew his water source, which means he has to save It, and cannot use as much energy. In deserts with no water, both of these factors can affect cyclists, not cycling on cold days.
Cyclists in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" are greatly affected by the function of this setting. First of all, the weather is very hot and hot weather just makes you feel exhausted like you can't do anything. No figure was seen. Her aloneness made her feel small and helpless. I know I get scared when no one is around. Finally there is no water around. The author was apparently dying of thirst, and with nothing around her, she acted even more thirsty.
The setup affects cyclists through rough roads, where it is difficult for cyclists to pedal. Snake, cyclist spooked by snake while walking through 'town'. He was running out of water, and the water he found tasted like battery acid. The environment for cyclists is very rough.
The features of the setting affect the cyclist, making him layered, scared, thirsty and worrying. The environment was a hot California day in June, and the cyclists were riding in the heat, over hills and rough terrain. Describing the land, the cyclist said: "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." He also said, "On a long, crippled mountain." As he went on, his doubts grew. Fear and longing began to overtake him. "It didn't matter. I was dying and the birds would pick me up," he said. When the cyclist found the bait shop, he lost almost all hope. On the way to the store, he says, "slowly gain lift while losing hope." In the end, the scene gives the cyclist his strength back when he sees the bait shop, and when he sees it, he says: "Then, as easy as a turn, my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me." The characteristics of the environment throw cyclists into a precarious ride of fear, hope, and confidence
The feature of the set affects the cyclist by helping him get water to quench his thirst. And get back on the road, where he wants to go. But the only thing is, he never said about catching the bait. Also, the cyclist was affected so much because he almost died of thirst and had no roads.
He's trying to get Yosemite for some fast-flowing rivers
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Having desert rahas makes you just want to drop them instead of trying to go further because you don't know where it will end. As for the lush land, it's more of a feeling that makes you want to keep going and see a lot. The hills and terrain make it harder to keep going, but more of a challenge and a good workout, and the environment does affect cyclists.
When cyclists first received directions to Yosemite Park from the "oldies" he met, he was pretty sure they knew what they were talking about. To his dismay, the old men put him through life-threatening conditions in a desolate area. As the cyclist began his journey in the June heat, he "ridden into the morning with strong legs and a smile on his face." As he continued on, he noticed that there were no buildings, cars, or any kind of person. He passes through abandoned towns and dives into the flat land of the desert. However, the plains have turned into crumbling hills, where tumbleweeds and snakes await. Not only was the terrain suddenly different, the cyclists were also rapidly deteriorating. Tiredness and lack of water made the cyclist think "I'm going to die and the birds will pick me up." Surprisingly, the cyclist was able to get through it all to a small fishing camp where he quickly was supplemented. "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" saves cyclists from almost certain death, always using only his maps.
In the article "Don't exceed the posted speed limit on rough roads ahead". The character of the area that the cyclist passes through has a great influence on him. For example, when the narrator says: "At some point, the humble weed crossed my path" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The tone of the cyclist quoted above suggests that there is desperation running through his mind. Also, another great example is the narrator saying, "@CAPS1 Hill, a building comes into view" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Cyclists sound more jumpy than before. That's how the area a cyclist enters affects him.
In the story, cyclists are influenced by many features of the desert. The main feature is fever. "I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June." He was also short of water. "The water bottle contains only a few enticing sips." The heat was hot and water was scarce, and he was tired and the road was long. So far, all the towns are empty. He ended up at a bait shop where he refilled his water with water and promised to stick with it. map of the future.
In the article, the effects of the settings on cyclists are different. For example, it must have been tough because he was dehydrated and it said there were rolling hills and rough roads. Another example is when he encounters dangerous animals like snakes. In conclusion, these are some reasons for how the environment affects cyclists.
The terrain described in this article adds to the cyclist's struggles. For example, when the author says "they have neither cars nor buildings," it adds to the feeling that he is really in the middle of nowhere. A lot of influence was also added when he came across an abandoned juice factory, he was thirsty and he put a stone in his mouth to collect saliva. Also, when he finally found the water, an "old man" would ask him if he knew the best way.
In the article, the cyclist is riding in the desert. It's very hot outside because it's June and that's causing him a lot of problems. He said he was afraid to drink water because the weather was too hot. He also explained that the road was getting rough, which would make him work harder, which meant he was losing my water.
The set features negatively affect cyclists. When the cyclist gets to the first "town" he can see that there will be some problems. It was a barren, dilapidated area. The water is hot. On the way, the environment starts to change from flat land to hills. There is a big snake on the road. He became very dehydrated while walking through hilly areas with little water.
I think it's explainable because they did a good job, but also bad because they did the right thing, but they did the same thing.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't @CAPS1 Post Speed Limits," the features set affect cyclists. Heat-induced dehydration not getting enough water causes cyclists to sweat and feel restless. "Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt and I became more aware that I might have a heat stroke and it made me laugh. In this sentence he was thinking about all the bad and terrible things that could have happened to him , because he's already in bad shape. Anyway, that's how the character of the setup affects the cyclist.
These features greatly affect cyclists. On the one hand, the "hot" in him made him sweaty, hot and tired. The heat also made him thirsty, causing him to drink a lot of water in a short period of time, so he ran out of water before the next town. And he was in the desert, and there were no trees to rest him, and no one to help him or give him water. So on the ride he struggled more than he thought.
Some of the things that affect cyclists are lack of water. "Water, just a few enticing sips in the bottle, water matters. Crit man. Your body needs water to function properly. @CAPS1 California's wet and dry weather is taking its toll on To." California in June high desert. " I might have heat stroke. "The sun is unbearable, no shade and no water, @CAPS2 affects cyclists. Animal presence "can't see anyone". Cyclists are much easier if shops or people are nearby, @CAPS2 is the animal ." A @CAPS3 serpent crossed my path. " Diamond back - blocks most of the pavement." Would have been worried about these things, these are things that affect cyclists.
Rolling hills, open terrans, high deserts—all of these are environmental features that affect cyclists. First, Rolling Hills can drain cyclists' energy when they have to drive for miles in a row. Open terrain can lead to direct sunlight, which also puts a strain on cyclists. Finally, the high desert can have an impact on the cyclist, as he has to pedal for miles on a row over rough, dry terrain, which puts an overall stress on him.
Take the cyclist in the story, "Don't exceed the published speed limit," a setting that has a huge impact on cyclists. Preclaminatly, the weather made him feel dehydrated. He said he "fouled my water bottle very often." @CAPS1, he tried to get water from an old well to prove how much water he needed. The owner said that the water in this pump was "two hundred degrees somewhere nearby. If the water had reached such a high temperature, readers would assume that it must not have been the author's insinuation in June that he was from California. When, it was agar day and the sun was going down. Another aspect of the environment, the dirty alleys, the land where the "ghost towns" haunted, made a big difference to the cycle. When he started to see hope. He couldn't To any sign of lunatic life; "No one is sight, no construction cars or structures of any kind. This empty land makes cyclists feel empty themselves. Literally, the fact that the cyclist didn't know about the setup contributed to his confusion. He doesn't know the best way to get to his destination, so he relies on the help of others. Because of this, he ended up losing and acne.
There are many different conditions that affect cyclists. He doesn't have enough water to make the witch's journey difficult. "Just a few enticing sips in the water bottle," he said in the story. @CAPS1 The terrain and hills make it difficult. He encountered snakes and very desolate countries. But his determination led to success and to a small town
In the short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. When he arrived at the first "town" that the old man told him to go to, the cyclist "smiled and moved on", acting a little indifferent, seeing this old town. When he reached the "fork in the road" twenty miles away, "the sight in front of him disturbed him, and his water supply had deteriorated a bit, so he became a little bit overwhelmed. Finally, when the cyclist read "Ahead Bumpy Road: "Don't exceed the posted speed limit," the author moves on, but most of his confidence is gone. He was dehydrated, in shape and lost a lot of hope after encountering all these places. When he saw the sign for Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp, he was overjoyed, knowing that he would drink some water the next day and move on, not listening to the old man's advice. In @PERSON1's novel @CAPS1, one of the characters named @ORGANIZATION1 embarks on a journey to find an art exhibit, encountering many problems along the way, which in many cases leaves him with little hope of reaching his destination safely.
Certain features affect cyclists. Weather can slow them down, just like it's cold or hot outside, it can slow people down. if the person does not
The characteristics of this setting affect the cyclist on the road he is on. He was on a road with snakes and all the trees on the road. The road is like a snake because it's being waved and it has a hugging hill that makes you go fast and it's hard to star dark because the hill is sloping and know that if it's a rash people will ride over that mountain. It's easier to ride a mountain than it is because there are more people who will help you when you get hurt. There are no lights there either, or if you ride at night, then you can't see where you're going unless you put a light on your bike or himilet, then you can ride uphill more easily at night. That light is a feature of the setup that affects cyclists who are going downhill, they know there's someone out there who can help you, and if you need help, you can get it.
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists as there are many detours and distractions where cyclists ride. Cyclists must concentrate on the road, otherwise the cyclist may be seriously injured. The characteristics of the environment also affect the cyclist as he has to go down steep hills and windy turns. In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment have a great influence on cyclists.
Settings affect riding in a number of ways. As I read in the story, being in the desert made him sweat. The weather is hot, the roads are rough, and there is a danger of poisonous snakes. Cyclists can die in a number of ways, such as heat stroke, bicycle falls, sweating, and snake bites. Say? ? ? in the mountains of ??? There are many problems there.
The characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist, causing him to be hit by his water bottle frequently, and the high deserts of California affected him. Also, "instead of going into the next mile of riding, he noticed a change in the terrain." For example, flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills. Then after getting over it, "a giant highway sign jumps out of him to say or read," "Rough road ahead: don't exceed the posted speed limit. That's 55. In the end, the author says, "Sometimes life can feel so cruel . In conclusion, there are many things that affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is they'll drink up all the water because it's hot, they'll get? Thirsty from this cut? ? ?
In the article titled "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit", the change in settings is the same as the sentiment of @NUM1's article and the sentiment of cyclists. For example, at the beginning of the article, the article says in the reserve, "I enjoyed the serenity of an early summer evening at a reservoir campground outside Lodi, California." This shows how happy the cyclists are at the beginning of the article, Just woke up and started reading to ride a bike; however, that all changed when he got instructions from a group of "old-timers". From that moment, he went down, and the article said, "About forty miles on the pedals, I reached the first 'town', a ghost town", "the sun started to heat up", which also indicates that the ghost town scene and The sunset scene affects the mood of the article and the mood of the cyclist contains sour water. The cyclist is very concerned at this point because it is hot and he has no water, while knowing he has another @NUM3 miles to go. @NUM3 miles of rolling hills and hot sunstone, seeing the "A Rough Road Ahead" sign and a diamondback snake, he was sure he was going to die. However, when a different logo, one for the bait shop, everything changes. This is how author Joe Kurmaskie uses settings to influence mood.
The dusty, dry environment has serious implications for cyclists. It got so long and hot that "…the @CAPS1 blues tune 'Summertime' rattled in...my deteriorating brain." The author rode for so long in the heat that his brain started Stop running. It is also because there is too little water left for him. Another problem is that every building/town is empty except for the last one. Therefore, without any chance of refueling and replenishment, this is the author's contest with nature. Plus, as the author puts it, the instructions came from old men who "…haven't left their porches since Carter took office." The term has changed a lot. Towns became desolate and buildings were dilapidated, but roads remained intact. The towns mentioned by the old man are now ghost towns, which does not help the author.
As the cyclist continues to ride, the surrounding environment begins to change, ultimately affecting the cyclist's attitude. When he first started his journey to Yosemite, the cyclist started that morning "with strong legs and a smile on his face." He has received information from some older locals that will help shorten the time it takes to get to Yosemite National Park. However, as he rode, the cyclist realized that perhaps the travel advice for the elderly was a little out of date. With barely any water to hydrate itself, and with just more roads and deserts all around, the cyclists couldn't help but laugh. "It's a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least I have the energy to feel sorry for myself." At this point, the cyclist was mad at himself for not just using the map he brought Not listening to the locals. While the cyclist was still determined to find water, he was already starting to lose hope when he suddenly came across a bait shop. Here he was able to hydrate himself and continue his journey with a renewed spirit, this time using his map.
A cyclist is riding on a rough and dangerous road. He has to keep an eye out for animals that might try to interrupt or even kill him. He is dehydrating as he has no water. Also, the road is hot and well cared for and requires more effort to get through it.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist because it looks like he's on the highway, like he's riding his motorcycle or bike in the desert, it does look like he's coming or going on vacation, and because he The way he rides, it looks like he's going to fall off so fast.
The cyclist was tired in the desert there and had no water, so he was dehydrated.
The background of the story affects the cyclist by changing his mood. The road he had died as he entered the deserted dessert, but picked it up again as he rounded a rest stop. A prime example of how he started guiding me "to" with a smile on my face, and increasingly realized that I could let go of my heartache on a good day in June because listening to something I haven't had in decades The gentlemen who had left their place "to" I had a very enthusiastic little bun to find Gary and Wilbur to kiss them and buy some bait. "The overall mood of the story is based on the author's feelings.
The feature set in this story "do not exceed the published speed limit" has a huge impact on cyclists. A cyclist is cycling in a desert-like area of California. It would get very hot in there, and as the author describes it, "large circles of sweat surrounded my shirt." The fact that the area he biked through, and the fact that he had no water, put himself in grave danger. Also, since the cyclist has no water, he is dehydrating. The area he biked through was almost deserted. This means he has no water available. So if the setup happens in a cool environment with lots of people, cyclists will find the water. Without this setup, the story would change completely.
This setting affects cyclists very much. "I came down from the mountain." The words indicated that he was going down the mountain. Without that hill, it would have been much easier for him to get to where he was going, and he would have had more energy. If no hills stand in his way.
The setting for this story is hot and full of rolling hills. These factors greatly affect cyclists. Hot weather is not good for a cyclist because he has limited water supply. The text says: "The sun is starting to set" (@NUM1). Shows that the temperature is rising. The text says, "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (@NUM2). The author's battery leaked acid, so it was difficult to climb over hills. It seemed that this man had everything wrong, and yet he succeeded.
In the opening story "Don't exceed the speed limit," the time of year and place settings are the main factors that affect cyclists. The story takes place in the California desert in June. The fact that the story takes place in June (especially in the deserts of California) is really what causes cyclists to become dehydrated. June is summer everywhere in the country, and summer means it's hotter and wetter than usual. This heat leads to dehydration and "I (the author) are increasingly aware
The setting in the story affects cyclists throughout the story, the winding roads and hill touts have become hard, tiring and challenging, the rider barely knows the road, or the road is ten times harder to handle. Without landmarks or local insight, it's hard to have confidence because they have nothing to pursue.
Don't let anything stop you from achieving your goals. Go to Yosemite National Park. Take a state that will be away from home. Forty miles try to come to a small town. Got to the water station and got nothing because the old man said "water tasted like butter sour. Lead to the hills and azyl towns, @CAPS1 can be a stick without drinking anything. People die from fever because they don't sit down for water and food."
In fact, the background characteristics of the cyclist do influence him in many ways. The settings in the channel include features such as no one in sight, no buildings, dirty, rough terrain, hot weather, and lots of vegetation. All of these traits can affect cyclists in negative ways. For example, dry weather can affect dehydration, and cyclists can be affected.
The setting in the story has a big impact on cyclists. It's June in the California desert. The sun scorched on him. Another problem he faced was that the terrain was very rough. All of this combined made him drink water faster. When worse, the setup made him very unpleasant.
Everyone has a very good ability to stand out. Someone can be good-looking, smart, or confident. Someone @MONTH1 never gives up and does what he wants to do. The cyclist in the story is a strong-willed man. He wants to live. He saw too many difficulties to get where he wanted to go. He listened to some old guy and he lost his way. The sun is starting to go down. He was out of water, but he kept riding to get there. He is losing power. The weather is @NUM1' @CAPS1. The water tasted like acid batteries. He believed he could live. Although he is losing power, he is stronger by believing in himself. Every place he passed was a new experience in life. They're like a game he's succeeded in. He never gives up. In order not to lose his mind, he did everything he could. He didn't want to lose the battle in his heart.
The function of this setting makes cyclists more tired and thirsty. Rolling hills, he had to step up and down, deserts with no water in sight, just dry land. Everything in the scene adds to the conflict in his story. Old Welch's grape juice factory, like the drink was there, but it's gone now. If it were Yosemite with its cool pines and rivers, he would feel completely different. No one in sight lacks safety and water, and no buildings. Rolling weeds give you no hope of getting anywhere, and snakes and vultures will only eat you when you're dead. Everything in the story goes against what he wants, until he reaches the bait shop's last hope.
In the story "The road ahead is rough; don't exceed the posted speed limit" the setting of the story mainly affects cyclists. The story tells us "...I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June." The extreme heat of summer certainly put a strain on the cyclist, causing him to drink a lot of water. Unfortunately, these "towns" are far apart, and many don't have great dehydration problems. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." @CAPS1 If he's riding a bike in a marathon and someone hands him water on demand, or if he's smart enough to follow a good map, This happens.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. For example, on the @NUM1 page, Kurmaskie said "I worked on a rusty water pump with all my strength", indicating desperation due to lack of water.
The scene features the cyclist's main influence in the story. On a normal road, the ground is smooth but looks like and twists and turns. Cyclists also encounter bumpy, unpaved roads that are difficult to navigate. Then you add the fact that there aren't actually any towns, he's a fiery man with almost no water. The context of this passage plays a key role in the story.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist because he is in the high desert of California, where it is very hot, so you need a lot of water. He then needed more water and found a pump, but couldn't use the water because it was "around two hundred degrees or so". Then the terrain changed when he said "the flat road was replaced"
The functionality of the setting affects cyclists because I'm talking about exceeding the posted speed limit. How does the speed limit say, or "never take travel advice from a bunch of old folks who haven't been out of porch confines since Carter took office. What they're trying to say is, you do what they say and you'll be people Traveling in 2020 is not going to work, so make the right choice and do the right thing.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist, who should act or speak according to the setting. This means that no matter where they are, no matter how it looks, they need to adapt to themselves. They also need to adapt to emotions based on their location. According to the story, the cyclist feels so comfortable that he doesn't need to change settings or positions. All in all, the characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist as he needs to improve and change depending on where he or she is.
In the beginning, the cyclists were ready to go and had fun. He "lost hope" when he was halfway there. The weather is hot and he is very simple by himself. By the end, he was relieved that he had not only found water, but an easier way to reach Yosemite. The first group of old people did not help, but the second person did.
In the story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit", the characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist, it says so because the cyclist allows us to understand what is happening around him and he has a feeling for it. It said, "A makeshift shed, a couple of rusty pumps and coral that won't fit even the crappiest mule was an eye-opener. The author goes on to say that it bothers him. It actually scares the author that maybe he's alone One man has a ghost town in the desert. The roads are rusted and the speed limit is 55 mph because he has almost no water and he is driving at 12 mph. This tells me that he is troubled and confused by the roads around him, Because it's all desert looking light, it's becoming that the author is slowly losing hope and traveling farther and farther. I think it's the same week people once get into trouble; or it looks like they're starting to lose hope and better judgment Force, life seems to get more difficult.
In this story, everything seems to be dry. Riders can get very thirsty. He alone makes anyone feel strong because if you have an ascender, no one is there to help. He was going up and down steep hills, so he had to be careful.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, if you ride a bike in a very cold climate, you don't sweat as much and don't need to drink as much water, but in the story the cyclist is in a very hot climate and he runs out of water, "With just a couple of enticing sps in the water bottle, a swath of sweat surrounding my shirt, I'm becoming more and more aware that I might be getting heatstroke on a nice June day..." This quote explains the cycling environment People on bikes. Also, terrain can affect cyclists. If one is going to ride on flat terrain, the cyclist's body is subject to a lot of wear and tear, so flat terrain is easier. All of these reasons mean that these settings can affect cyclists in a number of ways.
The environment plays an important role in the author's mood. When the author found the dilapidated ghost town, he was still in high spirits and never tired of it. He felt that the old man's "town" was now abandoned, a little ridiculous. "...(town) fits the traditional definition of a ghost town. I laughed..." This shows that the author's spirit is not bad, because he can still laugh. When "the tar-like substance seeps from the water pump at the next stop, the author is a little disturbed because the author is running out of water. But he is still optimistic. The rolling hills come into view, and the author sends out a "sad and desperate Laughter". The author was frustrated, dehydrated, and nearly gave up, but he moved on and eventually found some water.
In the paragraph "Do not exceed the speed limit on rough roads ahead", the setting must explicitly affect cyclists. When the cyclist came to the first abandoned "town," he looked for water, but only found water that tasted like battery acid, "When I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid." This Makes his dehydration look worse because he has water, which is not drinkable. The rough road ahead gives a firm feel as the cyclist has to work harder to get water when he is on his last lap, the flat road is replaced by short rolling hills, This quote shows that, despite his poor condition, the cyclist is the most persistent. Also quotes "Tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake--" Tumbleweeds and snakes give a sense of The feeling of desolation and loneliness, that's what cyclists are all about. The context of this story is directly related to how cyclists feel.
Cycling in the desert on a hot June day. Cyclists rush into the sun on their horses on their way to Yosemite National Park. The old man told him where to go on the map, even though they hadn't traveled that way in years. When the cyclist starts his day ready to go. He thought he could stop to fetch water regularly, but when he found himself in the middle of the desert, there was no water around. The man pushed himself and stopped thinking about water. He even put pebbles in his mouth to suck so he could take his attention away from the water. This person is very smart in this situation and knows what to do. This experience made him stronger.
Flat roads, hills, buildings - all of these affect cyclists. When the hills are flat, the cyclist is determined he can do it and won't give up on himself. He started to feel exhausted and tired as the mountain got bigger and harder to get to PEDAI. In the end, it was the buildings that made him want to give up. He "put his head down" when he saw the building of the Welch grape juice factory and the little boy drinking. He became more and more tired. The land made him feel as if he didn't want to move on.
This setting has a big impact on cyclists. He had no water, and he "crossed the high deserts of California in June." The desert and the lack of water could be life-or-death for him, making him stressed and thirsty. Add that to him on a bike and you're a dehydrated man in the desert! When he was between the "ghost town" and the bait shop, he said: "No one in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind that would make a cyclist think if he passed out. California's The desert greatly affects any cyclist, especially one without water like the cyclist in the story.
It thinks that means being everything you can be.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists because of how hot it is, how hilly it is, and the lack of cold water. For example, it's so hot that the cyclist thinks he won't make it. And all he can do is consume @NUM1 water. The hills also got so big that he was bearing the first couple until a sign jumped out that read the rough road ahead: Do not exceed the posted speed limit. In the end he had some rough terrain to ride over, no water, he was dehydrated and he could only do @NUM1 water consumption at the speed limit @NUM3.
Features of this environment can affect the cyclist, causing him to sweat and begin to lose consciousness. For example. The town he was supposed to go to was just an abandoned factory and he had to travel another @NUM1 miles or so without water.
If you don't have water, humid climates and hot weather will keep you going. Like near the end of the article, the guy sucks on the rock in an attempt to better retain the water, but it never hears that it's about time. This weather is the reason for the character? ? ? Dehydration is a symptom of a lack of water in the body.
The function of this setting affects the cyclist because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says the temperature is getting hotter and when he drinks water it tests like battery acid. This affects him because it's so hot and the water is starting to get hot, how can he get through the day without a pause in the @NUM2 segment it says when you ride up and down the road turns into a hill on the hill, You get tired from pumping your legs, then you feel hot and tired and don't want to ride the bike. How the set's features affect cyclists.
The cyclist in the story is @CAPS1, influenced by the setting in the story. Mountains affected him because they were more difficult to overcome.
The cyclist's environment or characteristics of his environment greatly influence him. First, after leaving the camp under the guidance of the old gentleman, he entered an isolated area. In the @NUM1 segment, he wrote: "This place may have been a thriving little place, but at @TIME1 it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town." This lonely state later affected cyclists as he Getting dehydrated became dangerous; if he fell, he would probably die. This drives cyclists to keep going in order to survive. Another aspect that affects him is the extremely high temperature. In the passage, he hinted at the heat by telling readers he was heading to the California desert in June. The heat gave the cyclist another hurdle to overcome as he struggled to get to the next town to get water. Finally, in the @NUM2 paragraph, he mentions that the terrain changes to gently rolling hills. This shows that physical and metaphorical obstacles must be overcome with heat and isolation, but also the mental drive and determination to keep going must be found.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways, one of which is that if you don't know where you're going, you can get injured. Also if the road conditions are very bad. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
In this article, the characteristics of the environment that affected cyclists' journeys to Yosemite made the situation worse. Cyclists, for example, are in the high deserts of California in the heat of June. This makes it bad because the heat makes it harder for cyclists. Also in the desert, there isn't any water supply, so after the cyclist runs out of water, it gets worse because he's dehydrated, causing him to get weaker and not be able to pedal as fast. The author also said that the asphalt road changed from flat roads to short rolling hills, which also made the work more difficult, because the short hills made the work more difficult, and because the weather was too hot, he had no water, and he could not Work is like drinking water.
The characters in the background of this story have a big impact on cyclists. Throughout the story, the poor man has to get lost and end up in the middle of nowhere. Because of her absence, her cycle suffered. She was just trying to find a place to get things done, but of course she didn't. She kept going down. The story is very good and shows that she cares and wants it bad.
In this story, cyclists have to throw deserts on their bikes in June and with very little water. I would say it has a big impact on the cyclist as he is constantly dehydrated and threatened with heat stroke. He also had to ride carefully over a giant snake that could injure him. Personally, I don't know what he's doing and throwing dessert on his bike, that's his problem.
In @CAPS1 "Don't exceed the published speed limit" there are many ways cyclists can be affected. Three of those things are heat, lack of water, muddy towns. The heat affected him as he became very hot and tired. For example, a text description. "I could die of heatstroke on a hot day in June." That shows it's very hot. Cyclists run out of water and are very thirsty. For example, it says in the text. "I relaxed in the past, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state." This suggests that he was very thirsty due to the lack of water. The last way the setting affects a cyclist is when he enters a town and ties it up empty. The text says, "That morning, it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town." This suggests he wants it to be there so he can rest, but everything seems to indicate how the setup affects cyclists.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. The first and main way is that he rode through the dessert. This caused him to sweat profusely and become very dehydrated. The second way is rough roads and hilly snot, which makes him more tired and quicker. In short, the settings didn't help him a little bit.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The cyclist should look at his map instead of following the advice of the old man because all the information is on the map. He almost died because he listened to the old man and didn't look at his map. If the cyclist is in the car, he will have better luck as he will be faster than the @NUM1 bike.
Many things in his cycling journey have affected him. It was midsummer in California. The heat was unbelievable, it was excruciatingly hot. "...I might have a heat stroke..." He was severely overheated and dehydrated and could die at any moment. He may also have been killed by a giant snake. "...looks like a rattlesnake - blocking most of the pavement..." It could easily kill him if he wasn't careful. But with his determination and resentment, he threw the water on a fresh source. If he gives up, his life is over.
When the cyclist went to ask for directions, the old man told him the good way to go. But the old man has not seen this land for a long time. This man did not want the land to change. So when the cyclists go back to riding, it's all over? ? Cyclists don't know what to do.
There are many reasons for how a set's characteristics affect cyclists. There is a way, both mentally and physically. The mental way is that if a cyclist can't fight the ride on a bike, they lose determination and pride. The physical way is that the environment is hot and rough, and cyclists will lack water and food supplies. These are the ways in which cyclists are mentally and physically influenced by the characteristics of their environment.
A cyclist in "The Rough Road Ahead" rides his bike in mid-June in California. Both are pretty bad if you get lost and ride your bike. This is because June is usually hot and I know it's usually always hot in @CAPS1, the cyclist is on his bike, which means he has to sell wherever he goes. This won't drain him of all his energy and will also make him hot, and you need to stay hydrated when you're so hot. But you're lost, so if you use up all the water before finding safety, you're in big trouble. Also, in California, where places like the hills and hills are crowded, peddling the hills is not an easy task.
The characteristics of a cyclist affect him in many ways. One way these traits affect him is that when he runs out of water, all the buildings look like a ghost town. He said no one could be seen. In the story it says "a building abandoned many years ago". If I were him, I'd turn back so I wouldn't die in the middle of an abandoned area.
Setup is the main factor that affects cyclists. The main problem for a cyclist is that he is dehydrated and dehydrated, "trying to balance in a dehydrated state." The author wouldn't be so dehydrated if it weren't for the heat. Also, all the problems he faces are related to snakes and rough roads. If it happened in a more moderate area, there would be no conflict.
In the story, the cyclist is affected by the setup because in the @NUM1 segment it talks about him seeing the old water pump and how he was trying to get the water out. At the end of the story, when he sees the old Welch Juice Factory, he gets angry because he realizes that these old people don't know what they're talking about. Finally, when he found Gary and @ORGANIZATION1, he was also activated because there was water there.
The character of the scene had a very profound effect on the cyclists in Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead." As he rode, he saw "no people, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind" around him. When he realized his loneliness in an almost dehydrated state, he felt hopeless. With quarantine set up and seeing only "a ramshackle shed fall off for miles, the cyclist is all but lost hope. However, hope is rekindled when he thinks of "cool pines and rushing rivers for @CAPS1" . This is how the cyclist is affected by his environment, and despair becomes hope.
The setup affected the cyclist who started to lose energy because it was so hot outside. The setting affects how fast he rides while parking or drinking or eating. All depends on the type of weather he is riding in. As in the story, when he saw a building, it was hot outside and he wiped the sweat from his face to make sure it wasn't a mirage.
In the article "Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set characteristics make a big difference for the hardworking cyclist. Weather, land and surrounding objects do determine a cyclist's mood and abilities. An example would be a statement like, "Cool pines, rushing rivers with my name written all over them." Fresh nature and cool air make cyclists feel confident, energized, and ready. Another example is the phrase, "A rickety pump, a couple of rusted water pumps and a corral that can't hold the lameest mule greet me." There, the cyclist was troubled, a little curious about what was ahead The water is not what is not the best, he is worried. As a final example, "the flat road was replaced by a short rolling hill... tumbleweed crossed my path, an insanely large snake." There, cyclists try to stay focused through distraction . It was empty and he felt dehydrated too. When his route ends, he encounters many aspects of the environment that create different feelings or abilities. So the nature of the places his bike passes and what he sees affects his choices and abilities.
There are a number of environments that affect cyclists, one of which is that he was riding his bike in the sun with limited water in central California. It affected the cyclist as he nearly collapsed from heat stroke and lack of water. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
The environmental features in this article affect cyclists in many ways. "I was greeted by a crumbling shack, a few rusted water pumps and a corral that couldn't even fit the lameest mule." (Kulmarski @NUM1). Cyclists expect a small town with lots of people and some kind of good water supply. Instead, he finds an empty ghost town with only a rusted water pump that doesn't even supply water. This is frustrating for the cyclist because he is dehydrated and can easily become dehydrated without it. "The speed limit is @NUM2. I'm doing a water-guzzling @NUM3. Sometimes life can feel so brutal." (Kulmaschi @NUM4). A cyclist might be driving by @NUM2's car on the highway and he's only going to @NUM3. It might make him feel as if he has nowhere. This will be more reason for him to give up. But he kept trying to get to his destination. The feeling of being brushed by a car made him determined to continue his journey.
Cyclists have very little water. Hot weather. He still has a long way to go. The road is very bumpy, so he can't drive fast or his tires might blow out. There are known cars on site, so if he does break down, it will take longer.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. It wasn't too smart for him to follow the advice of his elders. In that article, he went to Yosemite National Park, he had a map to follow, he believed in himself, he was a cyclist who knew the road. But a few people around told him a shortcut. He trusts them, which he shouldn't trust, and he's on his way. The setup is rough. He rode through the California desert; it was probably too much, he was looking for water. The only thing he found tasted a live battery, so it didn't do him any good. It was flat land, not rolling hills. The next town will be within @NUM1 miles. This cyclist is going up the mountain by himself. When riding along these lands, the view is more open, there are no buildings or cars, it is a dead end. Those old men strangled him, once he got to the next town he knew
On his bike ride to Yosemite National Park, a group of elderly people showed him the way, but their directions weren't very good. The place for dessert affected him because he had no place to stop for a meal or refill his water bottle "with no one in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind". There were rusty pumps, there was hot water, but nothing to cool him down. His surroundings put him in a state of dehydration.
The wide open, hilly, hot, and no-water scene features create obstacles for cyclists in Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits. @CAPS1 to the vast clearing in the area where he travels, he can't stop somewhere for help or rest. There were no other travelers either, so he couldn't ask them for help. Another obstacle in his journey is the hills. It takes more energy to step up the hill, so he ends up getting tired easily and taking longer than expected. There was also the heat that made him sweat and even become more thirsty. So he ended up running out of water. In the story he wrote, "just a few enticing sips in the water bottle." He's thirsty now, and if he can't find water, he @MONTH1 will be dehydrated. He looks for a place to rest, @MONTH1 has water, but he can't. All these obstacles made the cyclist frustrated and give up hope, but he continued to travel and eventually found a place to rest. All of these barriers are interconnected.
I really don't think the story makes sense The scene is so crazy I don't really feel it at all I don't think it's even a good story
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. If you have a bumpy ride, the cyclist will have a harder time. Plus, if it's really hills, it's harder and takes longer. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills," and it took him longer to reach his destination. Animals in the environment are also effective. " And a ridiculously large snake - which does look like a diamond back - blocked most of the pavement in front of me." Animals can block the way the snake does for cyclists. If a squirrel or some kind of animal runs past the horse in front of you, it might startle you and you might have a conflict. Sometimes trees make it cooler because you don't have to have direct sun on your back. If there is a fresh water stream, you can stop to wash off all the sweat and have a drink. The environment in which a cyclist is riding can help or hurt the cyclist.
It affects him by dehydrating him and exhausting him to the point where he's about to give up. But he never gave up. With the ultimate sarcasm emerging from it all.
The trees are in the landscape, it makes the color red, the volcanoes and covered tall pine trees are in the landscape, and many years ago it turned the swamp into a desert
There are several functions in the environment that affect cyclists. A very important feature is that cyclists are in the desert. The statement "I'm crossing the high deserts of California" proves this. Not only was the cyclist in the desert, he was in June, one of the hottest months of the year. There is evidence that he read a "I travel in June" statement there in June. @CAPS1 at the time made dehydration a greater risk. It's hot there too. We know this because when he's at the pump, he says, "Somewhere about two hundred degrees or so the water feels black." From this, we can be sure that the water is not only hot, but dirty. The water also "smells of battery acid". This is bad for a water-deficient cyclist, who "frequently hits (his) water bottle". The statement attests to the fact that he has little left, "just a few tantalizing sips in the water bottle." The cyclist is in bad shape. These people united against him during his travels. These are characterized by desert, heat and black water that tastes like battery acid. The fact that he lacks water makes it harder to fight these traits with water, he will fight deserts, heat, and doesn't need to pump bad water. Likewise, the environmental features that affect the cyclist are deserts, high temperatures, and poor quality water that he cannot drink.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead", cyclists are excited and determined to go to Yosemite National Park. Cyclists will surely think of the beautiful waters "with his name on it". Rough terrain and bad weather took a toll on unsuspecting cyclists. The sun slammed into the cyclist's back, and he tried to ignore it, but soon, the hot weather caused him to drink water frequently and sip. The old man told the cyclist that a small town was NUM1 miles away. A small town is the traditional definition of a ghost town. "This may have left the cyclist with no hope of finding anyone to help him get to his destination. Road conditions, lack of water made him see a mirage, the cyclist didn't believe the words of an old man who took him to what he saw Abandoned site. Cyclists were badly affected by the setup, but ended up getting some help from the traditional map.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Do not exceed the published speed limit", the set feature affects the cyclist because it makes it harder for the cyclist to survive and complete his journey. In the article, it says: "I arrived at the first 'town'...this place may have been a thriving little place...but that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost @NUM1). In the article, biking The man got directions from several seniors to go to Yosemite National Park. Cyclists had limited water and it was a very humid day of travel. Due to the humidity, cyclists had to ride their bikes in hot weather Almost out of water, "short rolling hills" (@NUM2). Had the town prospered, he could have bought more water to make his trip easier. Also, if the roads in the story were flat , he cyclists won't be as tired and need more water. Will cyclists be as nervous pedaling on flat roads instead of hilly roads. Challenges for cyclists Reminds me of the protagonist of the movie @PERSON2. In this movie, the protagonist has to travel through extreme conditions in the desert, just like a cyclist has to get to a destination. Anyway, the setting clearly has a negative impact on the cyclist's journey Influence.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead", cyclists are affected by their environment. The cyclist said he had to ride over terrain that started out flat but turned into rolling hills. He also had to find his way around a large snake while dehydrated. The cyclist was mostly affected because he had no water when he cycled through desert-like areas, but because he was determined to get to the water, he succeeded.
In the "Do not exceed the published speed limit" option, there are many wonderful details about the area around the cyclist. In the text, it's clear the cyclists are on a very deserted route, and when the drinking water is interpreted as oozing and tasting like battery acid, you can tell that people haven't been there in a while. Also, was told he was crossing the desert in June. I can understand how thirsty he is. Also, according to the text, he was driving miles on rough terrain and "serious hills," so he had to be overtired. I can understand why he was so upset about going in the wrong direction by the trouble he had when he finally got to camp and got a drink of water, and you're also glad he arrived in a place that wasn't empty and desolate.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist as he travels through a hot place and does not have much water during the heat of the year. In the text it says "I travel in June for premium desserts in California." Deserts are always hot and June is a very hot month. The cyclist is getting thirsty because he can't drink much water because he has limited water.
This environment affects cyclists because it's the California desert and it's very hot and dry in June. This made him very thirsty and drank all the water. Almost all the water was gone, he was starting to get very tired, and because it was a desert, there was no one around to help him if he was dehydrated and fainted, so he had to persevere and really get through it if he wanted to survive. But he eventually found a bait shop and had a drink there, so he was fine.
Don't exceed the posted speed limit in the story, a setting that greatly affects cyclists. Cyclist rides are long and mountainous with little water. I mean he might get mad, but he keeps his cool and keeps his cool.
Towns, terrain, Welch's grape juice factory - all part of a scene that affects cyclists. “This place may have been a thriving little place—say, before the last world war,” the cyclist described, “but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.” The town intensified the ride Cyclists' skepticism as it's growing. Having said that, he really regretted listening to the old guy's advice and taking "shortcuts". “The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed a change in the terrain,” revealed the cyclist. The cyclist was already worried and confused, and the terrain was getting worse, reflecting the town where the cyclist had stopped earlier, adding to his suspicions again. The cyclist exclaimed, “On the surface – it used to be Welch’s grape juice factory.” The cyclist saw this with great excitement and great hope. So throughout the story, the cyclist's position affects his mood, makes him suspicious, but also gives him hope.
Cyclists are riding in the California desert during the warm summer months. Hot and uninhabited canals are the biggest struggle for cyclists. For example, he thought water would affect his travels, but he was wrong. Also, due to dehydration in the heat, he quickly ran out of water. Cyclist annoys himself for believing others to show him shortcuts. This setting affects the mood of cyclists in a negative way.
There are many influence cyclists in the background of this bike race. It says, "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The cyclist pedals well until these big hills are affected, and his energy gets lower and lower as he goes. It also says, "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake" (Kurmaskie @NUM2). The debris and the snake stopped him because he was scared and slowed down. There are a lot of features in the settings that affect the cyclist to slow him down and lose energy.
Many things can affect a cyclist and how they ride, and in this article, many things can affect him, such as the context of the story. One of the problems with the setup is that there are no shops, not even people, and the other biggest problem is the lack of water around him, so a lot of things can affect the cyclists who are riding, including the people there.
The second photo better conveys an idea similar to that expressed in the article "Worrying at Sea" because the story is about a boy surfing as a job, and in the second photo a boy is surfing. The author says "My son body surfs. He says it's his 'job'. That sentence explains that he's a body surfer and that's his profession. That's why I chose the second photo.
The condition of a cyclist affects how they ride. An example of this would be, "I was crossing the high deserts of California in June." @CAPS1 Cyclists went into "dehydration" because there wasn't much water. When you travel in hot weather areas without much water, your body can become dehydrated from sweating. Cycling under different conditions can affect cyclists differently.
Many features of the scene affect the cyclists in "The Rough Road Ahead." First, the extreme heat of the June desert was a major issue that brought him to the brink of dehydration. It said in the text, "I may have a heat stroke (@CAPS1) on a good day in June." This shows the effect of the heat on @NUM1 cyclists. Also, in the story, the terrain poses a threat to his health. In the text it says "I work hard (@CAPS2)." This suggests that the stress caused by the cyclist on the terrain has increased during his adventure.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. The heat affected him because it made him more thirsty. More successful than he was in the desert, so he couldn't get any water. The hills made him tired and weak. All the features in the scene had an effect on him, making him powerless and thirsty.
The characteristic that affects the cyclist is that he rides his bike in the desert, without water. It affected his journey because he was dehydrated so he needed to find water fast, so it made him get to Yosemite more slowly because he needed to find water. Here's a feature that affects cyclists
In the story, the environment has a big influence on the cyclist. After following the old man's advice, he ended up in the desert with no cars, no buildings, and no people. He's running out of water and can't drink anymore, and he's really dehydrated, he's really tired, and he almost gave up because of the heat and lack of water. All of this is caused by his environment.
As the author puts it, the setting of this place is a "ghost town". June is a hot summer day, so of course cyclists get dehydrated. There was no one around, so he couldn't ask for help. It's like an old town because he meets old people who don't know anything about the new world because they tell him the wrong direction.
The setting has affected cyclists in several different ways. It helped him at first. "The sun was starting to go down, but I hardly noticed. Pine and cool streams." That is to say, the pines and the river helped him forget the sun. Later the setting worked against him. There was nowhere to get water, he was dehydrating and the terrain was getting rougher. There was no one around to help him, but there was a snake. All of these features worked against him until he ended up in the bait shop. The bait shop gave him water and a good map.
In Joe @PERSON1's story about a cyclist traveling to Yosemite National Park and the problems he faced. For example, high temperature is a major problem that cyclists have to face. In the story it says "heat stroke fell off". This shows that the setting has negatively affected him, and in the story, the heat is a major part of the setting that affects the character.
The character of the scene has a great influence on the author's story. It affects it by making travel seem more difficult for readers. This is done by telling it how hot it is and explaining how the road is full of bumps or hills. The story says "over a long hill". This makes the reader feel that the trip is hard because he has to ride so many mountains. But if the roads were less bumpy, the trip would seem less difficult. It will also give the impression that the older guys are giving good instructions. But the point.
As soon as the cyclist knew which way to go, he set off through the tall cool pines. They gave him a sense of confidence and allowed his body to cool down. Along the way, he encountered several small towns, none of which looked promising, and he had a feeling of despair because of the lack of water. Go even further. During the trip, he found the last town, and the @CAPS1 factory in arundown welche. This increased his cravings and gave him a sense of resentment towards the old men who gave him advice. However, he soon found a bait house where he could fetch water to escape the heat. For this, he is very satisfied and grateful to the master. This made him realize that he should never trust the old man again.
This setting has a big impact on cyclists. For example, if you are in a city, you will feel tired and tired in a hurry. But in the forest, you will be happier and less stressed. Setting the setting mode also sets the attitude in the story.
The character of the scene affects the character of the author and his ability to complete the journey, thus forming the obstacles that the author must overcome. At the end of the fifth paragraph, the author writes, "I'm traveling through the high deserts of California." This setting is important because it adds a sense of urgency to his trip when he begins to run out of water. It's similar to when I was backpacking, a bear got most of our food. Our normal backpacking has become more of a survival game. Therefore, the water issue is clearly the main point of conflict that the author brings up in the scene. He also wrote: "Within less than two miles of the next ride, I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This aspect of the setup also affects cyclists because This makes it harder for him to go forward than downhill. In short, the context of the story shows the author the main points of conflict and is therefore crucial to the essay.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the unbearable environment affects the harsh conditions for the cyclists. At first, in the cyclist's own words, "things started well". @CAPS1, that will change soon. The road is long and full of obstacles, and cyclists can barely drink water. He didn't give up, @CAPS1, in its text, said, "back on the bike, but didn't bother to collect some peldders and shove them in my mouth." He did this to reduce the need for water and continued Moving forward, ignoring the tallness that the environment brought him.
Cyclists are affected by the settings in "Rough Road Ahead" because the road is a place, and if it is rough or unknown, it directly affects the traveler as a cyclist. If it's a hill, then the cyclist will "cross a long broken mountain" as the text says, and the broken mountain part emphasizes that the environment is a hill.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists because of the water, hills and desert. When a cyclist sees water and wants to jump in, all he thinks about is the water they lack, like battery acid. Then the hill slowed him out of the water. The desert just made him want water more. Here are some features that affect the cyclist's settings.
There are many factors in the environment that affect cyclists. One is the extreme heat during California's sweltering June. The speaker said he may have died of heatstroke. Rough roads are also a problem for cyclists. Bumps, hills and wildlife affect cyclists' journeys. What affected him the most was the lack of water. It was such a big problem that he had to suck on rocks to get rid of his thirst. As you can see, these issues in the story affected the speaker's journey to Yosemite National Park.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. He rode in the desert, where it rained less. This means that if he runs out, he cannot collect any water to drink. Also, the desert is hot. The heat will speed up the dehydration process, so he needs more water to survive. If he has no water, he will die. Cyclists found a building, but it was deserted and empty. All these characteristics of the setup affect him. Since he cannot find water, he must save what he has. Also, the heat is killing him. It doesn't help that the only abandoned building he's found. The whole time death was in the air, there was nothing in the desert, no water, and the cyclist kept thinking about his death. As long as he thought about his own death, there were only more deaths. When he put pebbles in his mouth to stop thinking about death and thirst, he saw a bait shop that could save his life. Thinking of his own survival, he immediately found a shop to drink.
This setting has a big impact on the cyclist throughout the ride. "There are only a few tantalizing sips in the water bottle, and I'm becoming more aware that I may be suffering from heat stroke (pG @NUM1 kurmaskie)." The quote says that due to the heat, rough terrain and the length of his "shortcuts" , he ran out of water. That's when he realized he might die of heatstroke because he listened to a group of old people.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. He was in the desert, and the water supply was insufficient. Without water, he tires easily. On top of that, he had to ride a bike. So he was thirsty and tired in the desert. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The settings affect cyclists. Cyclists have to worry about road conditions. If the road conditions are bad, the cyclist must reduce his/her speed. Cyclists also have to worry about whether it is day or night. If it's night, they have to be careful because cars can't see them. In the text, cyclists are in very hot weather. This is dangerous for cyclists if items such as water are not prepared.
This setting affects the cyclist who thinks he has a nice, short, flat distance to Yosemite when in reality it is a long, mountainous (rough), hot ride . He was only ready for a fast ride and only brought enough water for that ride, not for the reality of his riding. First, he rode in "June's Tall Desert" at noon (the hottest part). I know when I went camping here @LOCATION1 in the summer I drank six or seven liters, but the author only mentioned "a few bottles of water" which didn't help him. Second, the cyclist thought the old man had given him a safe path, but instead he encountered an "absurdly large snake". It really looks like a diamond back" that's a viper, and a cyclist can barely "easily release" it because he's out of water. In the end, the cyclist wants the old man to give him an easy ride on flat terrain road, when in fact it is "replaced by short, rolling hills" which means you have to put in more effort (using more water) to get up the hill. This setup will definitely affect cyclists because It makes it harder for him to reach his destination, but without some bumps in the road, how does he learn life lessons?
Cyclists are greatly influenced by environmental characteristics. For example, dry and hot places make him thirsty. Then ghost towns have a hard time getting supplies. Bad roads also slowed him down. Bad roads might even hurt him, and his bike paths make him work harder.
The functionality of this setting affects cyclists in many bad ways. For example, in the text, it says "I used to try to balance in a dehydrated state". It meant he was in trouble in a place he was unfamiliar with, and he was dehydrated. In conclusion, the setting does affect cyclists.
First, the bike hits flat roads in the desert, very easy to pass; when he gets to his first town, he still keeps trying to get to Yosemite, and then it's descending, so he looks for more water to help him go with. Then he moved on, and he went through a fork in the road. After the fork he moved on and then he faced another problem. That question was an old man telling him to go to town @NUM1 miles and he didn't believe that guy. Then the cyclist listened and he continued down the road. Then he faced the next problem. Flat roads start to get very wary, with short high and low hills. These hills greatly reduced his stamina. Then he had to face a bumpy and bumpy retreat. Then he had to face a snake, which he had to avoid lest it attack him. Finally, the cyclist faced his long mountain and he finally found a bait and tackle shop with lots of water.
In "Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the cyclist is influenced by environmental characteristics that make him feel worse than himself. The cyclist got lost and found only dirty water and was driving over rough terrain. The scene features "Pine and Cool Streams," but cyclists find "streams" less refreshing. He also encountered terrain changes, from flat roads to short, rolling hills. There is a sign, "Do not exceed the published speed limit," which is also the name of the lane where the speed limit is 55 mph, and cyclists are limited to 12 mph. Ironically, he found a photo of a boy drinking grape juice in a factory, causing him to bow his head in agony from extreme thirst. Finally, he arrives at a fish camp, where he meets the owner, who, ironically, tells him it's best to use his map.
The characteristics of this setup will affect the cyclist as he will be on the road for a long time. No buildings, no people, no car features, the effect on the rider is that he feels helpless when he runs out of water. The ghost town didn't help him because the old man told him about it and he thought he could get more water. The grape juice factory affected him because he thought he would get a drink, but it was dropped. This is how these traits affect cyclists.
If I were a cyclist, the characteristics of the environment would affect me because, I would think I would die like him, because there was nothing to see, no breeze, no wind, he saw a snake, he had no water. He walked through three towns with nothing. The sun was setting, it was hot, and he had no hope. Who knows, he'd be fine if he just did what the map said.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The cyclists were running out of water and June was in the sweltering heat in "California's High Desert." The tumbleweed that crossed his path added to the despair. The characteristics of the environment can not only affect the cyclist's dehydration in the heat, but also affect his spirit. Cyclists encounter rolling hills, tumbleweeds rattling snakes and ghost towns. All of this makes cyclists start to give up hope. In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist's mind and body.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. First, the scene in the middle of the story is empty and there is nowhere to get water. This fills the cyclist with doubt and despair, he/she thinks they are going to die. The setup also made cyclists thirsty due to the extreme heat. In the end, the cyclist is full of regrets because they regret listening to the old man because the cyclist didn't get where he/she wanted to go.
The author believes that this setting means that he is not getting any closer to his destination. However, he found that there were still people around. He panicked, thinking he was going to die. These places are desserts, and he thinks the leader has nowhere to go. He was a little scared that he might die because everything around him was dead in some sense.
The setting does affect cyclists. Since he's riding his bike in the desert, he'll be hot and tired. This will be the sun that falls from him. You know he's hot and it says "I have big circles of dry sweat on my shirt."
The characteristics of this setup affect cyclists as they are extreme and do not change. A cyclist is riding on a trail in the desert. It's very hot in the desert, so cyclists sweat a lot and get dehydrated. Also because he was in the desert, he had no sense of direction. Also, the towns are all run down, so cyclists can't drink water to rehydrate. It was only when he came to a small shop near the bait that he finally got the water.
The environment really gets cyclists excited. The sun and hot weather made him sweat. He was also almost out of water. In the story, he said "there were only a few drops of water in the bottle, which indicated he had almost drank all the water. Then it said "I'm getting more and more aware that I could fall out of the leaves" indicating that the heat was affecting him.
When he started cycling, the environment was calm and peaceful. He is smiling, his legs are strong. When he got to @NUM1 town and saw a crumbling shack, rusted water pump and a corral, he started to worry that he was running out of water. He became more troubled as the flat ride was replaced with short, rolling hills. When he saw a building, he was happy, but when he found it had collapsed, he was sad, thirsty and tired. When he finally saw an old man and told him he had a map, he became a little bit happy because he was going to Yosemite. As the situation got worse, his mood got worse because he had less water and felt so desperate. But when he saw the man, he was happy because the map would help him.
The setting of this story is very rigorous. At the beginning of the story, the boy is fine. He carries a bottle of water with him in case he gets dehydrated. As he rode, he began to feel the sun getting higher, although he could barely feel it. It is because of the road made by the pine trees, and the cool feeling of the river. The cyclist reached a second town on his journey, he drank water all day and was about to head out. He found a water pump. He knelt on the ground, pale from the heat of his night, except for the black water. He was just afraid of water and said it tasted like battery acid. He started riding again. Less than two miles from the road, the terrain has changed. Not just rolling hills, but getting hotter. He was severely dehydrated because he had no water except for a few "enticing sips". Dry sweat surrounded his shirt, and he feared he might get heatstroke. The place he was in was a remote place with no buildings, cars or buildings in sight. Crossing the hill, he saw a building invisible. He wipes the sweat from his eyes, so make sure it's not pretending, "Haha, it's Welch's @CAPS1 @CAPS2 factory." He's dehydrated and tired and sees a "little boy pour a refreshing juice into his mouth" . There's only the question of it being thrown away. The person is imagining things. He got back on his bike and put the pebbles in his mouth. This is to help him quench his thirst.
I read Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed Published Speed Limit" in the story, which features a setting that influences cyclists by accepting the advice of "old-timers @CAPS1 inauguration without leaving porch range"
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Do not exceed the published speed limit", the characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in many ways. First, the sun makes cyclists hot and dehydrated. "The sun is starting to go down," he said, @CAPS1, the sun is a big factor for cyclists. Also, country roads with hills. Going up and down the mountain is a lot of work and you have to use a lot of energy. The cyclist says "@CAPS2 is replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS3, there are snakes on the road, which makes the cyclist timid to look for snakes so he doesn't get bitten. Cyclists again said "Diamond blocked most of the pavement in front of me." @CAPS4, there was an old factory that gave cyclists hope and then shattered his hopes. The factory even made him thirstier. @CAPS1, there are a lot of effects on cyclists because of the settings.
The characteristics of the environment take a toll on the unfortunate cyclist. For example. " In June, I'm traversing the high deserts of California." California's deserts, especially in June, are hot and dry, causing a cyclist to quickly use up most of his water supply. The terrain became more difficult as he "worked hard," "over a long, serious hill..." At this point, the cyclist barely had enough energy to get over the hill because his body had already taken All wear and tear according to his set features.
The setting of the story has an encouraging effect on the story because he is a similar person. The terrain in the story sounded rough, and he saw a sign saying "Rough road ahead, please be aware of exceeding the established speed limit". He already had to go up and down the mountain with rocks and no water. Such a truly sporty riding environment can be devastating.
The cyclist's features and settings aren't that great. Having insiders is a problem. One is bad weather. There is a temperature that makes it feel very close to @NUM1 degrees. He stopped in front of a water pump and the water came out, but it wasn't really cold. He took two sips, like batare acid. If he tries to drink a lot of water, it could kill him or make him very sick. He needs something because there's another town @NUM2 miles down the road, so he has to find something to keep him going. As he was walking down the road, he saw a sign: Rough road ahead: Even if he was going 12 mph, he could still punch a hole and fly over his handlebars. If he did go over the handle, he might hit the snake he saw and be eaten by the bird because he didn't have any energy to get up. There is something interesting in the story.
Heat, water, energy - all these are environmental characteristics that affect cyclists. First, it's heat. When it's too hot, it makes riding harder and more inconvenient. Second, is your water supply. If you're riding and you start to run out of water, you're in trouble. "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle," the authors describe. It can be very inconvenient when you run out of supplies if you don't prepare enough for your cycling trip. Lastly is energy. If you run out of energy while riding your bike, you have nothing left. Your energy is what keeps you moving and motivated. "I believe this was my last burst of energy, and I maneuvered down the mountain," the authors describe. When you run out of energy, your journey is over. All of these aspects are important before deciding to ride a bike.
The settings affect the function of the settings to affect cyclists. He was dehydrated due to the heat and lack of water and saw mirages. Over many hills, he would lose his strength. He had to ride a very large snake to bite him.
The peculiarities of this setup can affect cyclists because when you're going up a hill and you have little water, you'll be dehydrated. The heat from the desert is also hot, and it can also dehydrate you. If you don't pace yourself and don't drink too much water, you'll be able to reach your goals. Your rest is a big deal, and if you don't have the energy, you won't get very far.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because the hills make it difficult for him to cycle, and he is afraid of the grass because it is high and scary.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit," a cyclist travels across terrain to reach Yosemite. There aren't many towns or people in that part of California. The horse he rode was dangerous and long. It's hot and dry outside, but
This setting can affect cyclists in many ways. One way the setting affects cyclists is that when the weather is hot, it becomes more difficult to ride long distances. I say this because in the story, the narrator says "...more and more people are realizing that I may fall from heat stroke..." @CAPS1 Part of the setting that affects cyclists is the terrain they ride on. For example, it is much easier to ride on flat, smooth surfaces than on rough, rocky, rolling hills. This is in contrast to the quote "...ride as far as I can see and tell myself that if I can get that far, I'll be fine." The settings can make a big difference to the cyclist, depending on Depending on whether it's smooth or rocky, or hot or cool.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Speed Limit," the characteristics of the settings have a big impact on cyclists. Each characteristic that causes a cyclist to take action. For example, upon reaching the "shaky shack", cyclists find the water unavailable; this leads to saving water and trying to get to the next town. The action brought him deeper into California's high desert in June. Also, as the terrain changes from flat roads to short, rolling hills, the cyclist must change his speed to better survive and remain dehydrated. The scarcity of buildings in this dry desert terrain leads the cyclist to try every hut or building he comes across to get water. In this story, the character of the scene determines the cyclist's quest for survival in the desert.
The cyclist in the article, "Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" is about a great adventure failing. He has everything he needs, but some things go bad. His water is low and the environment is terrible. He's on his way to Yosemite River from @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1's campground. He got bad instructions from the old guys at camp. On the way, he ran into two abandoned towns, the water was running out, and he came to a placard that read "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit." When he felt he was about to When he died, he was riding his bike over mountains and was dehydrated. He came to a bait shop, got a waiter, met an old man who was going to show him the way, and decided he'd better stick to the map. Even the setting gets worse in the story and sticks to it and sticks to the end.
Heat, hills and ghost towns - all of these are environmental features that affect cyclists. First, the heat dehydrated and exhausted him, nearly causing him to suffer from heat stroke. He started eating more frequently and was almost out of water. Next up are the hills. They need a lot of energy to climb. This increased his dehydration. And finally the ghost town. They made his journey seem hopeless. This could cause him to lose the will to move on.
Cyclists in the desert, @NUM1 degree water tastes like battery acid. The desert made him see that the mirage had sweat in his eyes. In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit"
In "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the author tells a story about getting lost after taking advice from an "old man." Scenes that greatly influenced him and his journey, such as "A tumbleweed crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake..." and "The Mutilated Hill," are quotes that illustrate the scene as horrific.
His climate is very hot, in the desert, so he needs a lot of water, but his supply is limited. He rode on the hills, which made it even more difficult. He couldn't find any towns that weren't abandoned.
In the story, the character of the scene affects the cyclist in many ways. One way it affects him is time, since he has to walk a little slower, it takes him longer to get to town. Also because the road was harder to sell, he became thirsty and the water was really hot.
In this story, there are several scenes that have an impact on cyclists. On the one hand, cyclists ride in the hot desert. This condition often prevents people from getting water. Given that water is a necessity for cyclists, the lack of water due to the desert creates conflicts over dehydration. Also, the abandoned town sparked a spark of suspicion in the minds of cyclists. Cyclists now have to ride with skeptical brains and desperate hope. The cyclist was extremely dehydrated by the time he/she arrived at the old factory. Now his head screams with annoyance and his body screams for lack of water. This abandoned juice factory has almost completely destroyed the hopes of cyclists. A person without hope has almost nothing. Therefore, the abandoned factory had a negative impact on him. Now, the only reason he goes on is out of his/her desperation for survival, which is an instinct in all of us. In short, deserts take away water, abandoned houses and factories take away hope, and all three have negative effects. The cyclists were lucky to survive.
The environment affects the cyclist because he does not know whether he is dead or alive. He had used up all the water because it was so hot and his mouth was dry.
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," he shows the characteristics of the scene that affect cyclists in a number of different ways. One situation a cyclist faces is that it is so hot that he has been drinking (drinking) water, worrying that he will run out. Kurmaskie wrote, "I hit my water bottle a lot, I'm traversing the high deserts of California at @NUM1). That's how the cyclist is affected throughout the story because he realizes that if he doesn't pay attention to how much water he drinks , he may die of heat stroke. Also, which is a common problem faced by many people, is a challenging cause of dehydration.
Wisdom and all things change with age as you get older, but the world is a fluid place and things change. For cyclists, there is no better advice. Never travel advice to go home with no restrictions on the use of the porch for oldies. Flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills. Do not exceed the posted speed limit on rough roads ahead.
Many of the things set in the "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" can affect cyclists. The terrain in this story is hills and filled with desert. This leads to a nagging feeling in cyclists about drinking water. Riding in the mountains and in the desert also made him very tired. Not to mention he was severely dehydrated, and when he found the water, it was "tar-like" and "closer to two hundred degrees." The cyclists in this story definitely want to go to Yosemite National Park if they want to. Been through all this trouble. The old man he asked in Lodi, Calif., hadn't left the town for decades, giving a cyclist the wrong direction could kill him. So he asked for directions and got insufficient information, which made life really bad for a cyclist.
The "Rough road ahead: do not exceed the published speed limit" setting has many implications for cyclists. First, in mid-June, the heat "started to hit" with cyclists riding in the desert. The features of this setup make the cyclist drink more water, but when his water supply is low, he cannot drink a lot to rehydrate himself. The cyclist is starting to realise he "may have a heat stroke on a nice day in June". @CAPS1, the long distances and terrain changes a cyclist travels affects him. The distance cyclists travel to Yosemite National Park includes hours and miles of riding. on huge terrain changes. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills," which affects the speed and energy with which a cyclist can complete the trip.
A response that explained how the characteristics of the set affect cyclists by getting dirachion wrong. One feature is the tough ghost town. The old man inside didn't know they were telling him. It makes it nam because the road is harder and the water is harder. He almost died.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because the roads are hilly and he is very old, so it is difficult for him to ride them. It was hot and his water supply was tight. He saw something that didn't exist. When he tried to get some water, it was too hot and the water in the pump was hot.
Well, some characteristics of the environment like heat are affecting the cyclist, like he's traversing the high deserts of California and is drinking most of his water. So when he was parked in one place, the pipes and the things that took the water were rusted and old. The other was when he thought he could go to another town to get water. He started riding, the road was rough and short. Then the road became bumpy. So no matter what troubles we have, we need to know.
The characters in this short story have one thing that most changes with their surroundings. In the beginning, as he enjoyed the ride, without saying "My name is all over the cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite," as time went on, he began to realize that no one lived in his place. On the way he went, the terrain became more rugged.
The features of the settings can affect cyclists in a number of ways. For example, deserts are not humid places, and water shortages are more severe than normal. And there were so many mountains that he had to use all his strength to get up, which also made water very important. In short, with my temperature level and flat land he can go further with less water.
The features of the setup affect cyclists, who never accept travel advice from old-timers who haven't left the porch since Carter took office. After that, because you don't know if they're real collectibles or what. And then because some people haven't left the porch there since Carter took office. I don't know why people haven't left that porch since Carter took office.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead," he takes the old man's instructions for a shortcut to Yosemite National Park. He ended up riding his bike in the desert with no water and only barley could push the pedals of the bike. The environment has an impact on the cyclist, because it is so hot that he has nothing to drink, nowhere to get water or food, and he may see mirages. In the article, he wrote: "My shirt is surrounded by a large circle of dry sweat, and I am more and more aware that I may fall due to heat stroke." This shows that the lack of water and the surrounding environment with nowhere to go makes him gave up hope of survival. It also said: "I wiped the sweat from the corners of my eyes, sure it wasn't a mirage, trying not to get too excited." The cyclist came out on his own and said dessert made him think he saw something and let him down because it wasn't real. The desert environment of this article has many implications for cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't exceed the stated speed limit": c, I think this setting affects the cyclist who thinks he's going to die because he's thirsty. In this case, he was out of water, he was in the desert. He regretted not following the advice of strangers and was dying of thirst. He didn't even think about living. That's how I think the environment affects him.
The function of this setting has a big impact on cyclists. One characteristic is the hot weather and region he is in. He says he's in the middle of "June California's High Desserts." @CAPS1 is hot in @CAPS2, cyclists are around the desert, causing more heat. "I might have heat stroke," he said. Getting hot from the sun takes away the energy cyclists need to ride their bikes. Another feature that affects cycling is his lack of water. "Trying to balance while dehydrated." This tires the cyclist, which affects him. Tired from lack of water, it is difficult for cyclists to ride their bikes uphill. The last feature that affects cycling is all the hills in his path. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." Given his lack of water and heat, these hills made it difficult for him to ride his bike uphill. All of these traits can affect a cyclist because their negative effects can cause him to lose energy and feel tired and depressed.
Nature has an effect on everyone, even if they think it has no effect. Especially for cyclists traveling anywhere or anywhere. In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," it's a perfect example of how settings can affect people like cyclists. When you ride a bike as a true off-road vehicle, you have to know what you're doing and where you're going. The cyclists in this story decided to take the advice of the older people, and the cyclists went the wrong way because in these "towns" they didn't have water because they weren't towns in the first place, at least not anymore. If you don't have water like this guy, the hills might kill you. In any case, you must know what to do. " I picked up a few pebbles and slapped them in my mouth. I've read once that sucking on a stone can help you get rid of cravings" This guy knows a little survival trick. If he went all the way and didn't get up, his spirits and those hills, he could have had a stroke. These are just a few of the ways the setup can hurt you.
Some of the feature sets that affected the cyclist were seals begging to lend him, but he did notice it, and about twenty miles down the road he came to various parks. The cyclist rode in California's high desert in June. He grabbed his hand and thus worked on the heated handle of the rusted pump. The water pump started spewing out a tar-like substance that felt like the water was about two hundred degrees. After walking another two miles, I noticed that the terrain changed from flat roads to short, rolling hills. " He said tumbling weeds crossed her path and a large snake crossed her sidewalk. He read that if sucking stones helps keep your mind from thirst, he collected some pebbles and stuffed them into his mouth .After reading it, I believe these settings do affect cyclists.
The function of the setting affects many cyclists. 1. The "small town" cyclists first saw was described as a ghost town. Although cyclists scoff at it, this setup sets the cyclist on a long journey. There are other features that can negatively affect cyclists. For example, "…I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." (page @NUM1). For cyclists, flat ground is easier to pedal. The change from flat to hilly affected his perseverance and will to keep going. He really had to force himself to trudge up every mountain. His determination eventually led him to "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp..." (pg @NUM2). He finally found hope.
The rough roads in the story don't exceed the speed limit posted by Joe Kurmaskie, features that have a more negative impact on cyclists. The cyclist is tired from the mountains and he likes scenes like this, it's their only good, if anything. "Just a few enticing sips in the water bottle." He didn't have enough water and he was thirsty. "At some point, an outrageously large snake did look like a diamond - blocking most of the pavement. The place he was riding was dangerous and he could have been bitten even if he was on a bike. All of these points I made showed negative effects.
The desert-like land affects the cyclist by making him tired and losing water in his body, thus making him need water to keep going. I think the thought of being so thirsty made him weaker. If he didn't think about it, the train wouldn't be so messy
Readers get a good sense of what it's like to ride side-by-side during a cyclist's journey through Yosemite Park. It looks beautiful on a bike. He saw a variety of landscapes, including rivers, dry deserts, and cool pines and trees in parts of the park. He said it was also breezy, which could be a pleasant temperature.
Cycling across California to Yosemite in June features cyclists. Some features are that it is a hot high desert with no water. This affected the author, making him dehydrated and tired, which made it difficult for him to find water or go to Yosemite. In this case, outer said "the sun is coming upon me " . The author is hot from the sun. "There are only a few enticing sips in these water bottles," he said. He was showing how he was out of water and possibly dehydrated. All of these traits are influencing the way he travels and launches.
In the article "Do not exceed the posted speed limit", many of the features set have a high impact on cyclists. Many of these traits affect him in negative ways. One of the features is the hills that appear in the article. These may have irritated the cyclist even more than he would have been if the sun was already shining. Another feature is a road sign that says "Do not exceed the posted speed limit" "The speed limit is @NUM1. I'm doing a @NUM2 that consumes water. Sometimes life can feel so cruel." Author/cyclist may I don't think he will ever make it. Also, the billboard for grape juice probably made him feel that life was more cruel, with sadistic irony. Finally, bait shops offer great comfort to cyclists. “I had a strong urge to go to Gary and Wilbur, kiss them, and buy some bait.” All in all, until the end, the setup affected cyclists in some pretty bad ways.
Many features of this setup affect cyclists. First, heat is a major part of nature and bores him. This caused him to peel due to lack of water and he was a little irritable. He thought he was looking at something, his vision was distorted. Next, the water he had to encounter in the pump was not drinkable because of the tar-like substance in it, he said the water was @NUM1 degrees. Finally, the Welch factory he encountered was making fun of him, saying he couldn't get the liquid he needed, while the little boy advertised on the building was drinking his refreshed Welch juice. Not only was the cyclist off track because of the direction, but the circumstances made his Yosemite bike adventure even more unbearable.
The environment has many effects on cyclists, starting with the heat in the desert. The second is that there are not many towns there. The end is that water is hard to find there, so if he's thirsty, it's hard to get more water if you don't find a town.
This setup affects pretty much everything a cyclist does and everything he faces. The setting was at dessert on a hot day in June. There are many hills and the terrain changes several times. Cyclists drink a lot of water because of the heat. And because he drank a lot of water, he quickly drank it all. In the story it says: "I hit my water bottle a lot and in June I'm traveling in haute desserts in California. This quote shows that the cyclist drinks a lot of water because it's so hot because he drinks a lot Water, he quickly ran out of water. Also in its story, "The flat road was replaced by short rolling hills. " This sentence shows that the cyclist gets very tired and hot because the terrain has turned into hills and he has to pedal up and down these hills. Because this causes him to get hot and tired, he drinks water The speed was also faster than when pedaling on a flat paved road on a cool day @DATE1. All in all, the setup caused the cyclist to get tired, hot and thirsty, which affected his entire journey.
The background features in the story influence cyclists by describing them in a desert-like area in Lodi, California. They said it was hot and there was sand everywhere. There are not many places to cool off. They also describe the water and Lodi as being around @NUM1 degrees. Cyclists trying to escape the heat in Yosemite find a cool, shady pine tree to sit under and drink cool fresh water. This affects the cyclist as he can become dehydrated from the dreaded heat.
The function of this setting has a big impact on cyclists. If a cyclist happens to be riding in the snow, he or she can eat the snow to avoid dehydration. If a cyclist in "Don't Exceed the Established Speed Limit" rides his bike in the winter, he'll be thirsty all the time. And if the whole ride is downhill, he'll be very tired,
Conditions for cyclists in the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit" are dangerous. "A ridiculously large snake blocked most of the balance of the pavement, and my dehydrated state bottle contained only a few enticing sips" (kurmaskie, @NUM1). There was a rather large snake in his path. You could say he's not a snake expert because he can't identify it. He was dehydrated because he had been riding his bike for a long time in the desert. His water source is almost gone. Cyclists worry that there will be many dangerous challenges on the road.
Environmental features that affect cyclists are terrain, lack of regulation and self-determination. Terrain affects the cyclist, making him/her ride rough trails to get to the destination. For example, if you're walking on sharp rocks, you'll reach some rough spots that you can't seem to walk on. But this is where self-determination comes into play. Keep going even if @MONTH1 has obstacles in your path; you know there will be a better path or reward in the end. Another example is the lack of supplies for your trip, when you don't have the right supplies to keep you alive You cannot overcome obstacles or even force yourself to do anything. That's why the function of the settings affects cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Limit," the terrain has a negative impact on the author. He claims "I hit my water bottle a lot, and in June I'm walking through the high deserts of California" (Kurmaskie). This suggests that he has been drinking water too fast due to the summer heat in the desert. There was no water for the long walk, and he couldn't help chuckling, he shouldn't have followed the old man's advice. "It's a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least I still have the energy to feel sorry for myself," he explained, an example of how the terrain was taking a toll on him. It was so much to him that he applauded his ability to feel sorry for himself.
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists who are already tired and thirsty. Features include California's desert-like environment, which is very hot, with no signs of civilization in sight, and roads like hills that run through the desert. In addition to these facts, the cyclist is dehydrating because his water has been reduced.
The setting of shortcuts affects cyclists in many ways. For example, he said there was rusty water there that "tastes like battery acid" so he couldn't drink it, leading to dehydration. The story also says, "The flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills." This may make the cyclist's journey harder as he now has to climb the hill harder, another example near the end "I started to push the ride into the distance, and I could see the horizon telling myself I could get there," he said. The cyclist said this as if he had given up, realizing the journey would never end, until he died. This is how the context of the story affects cyclists.
Some features of this setting affect cyclists. The rolling hills, poisonous snakes and road conditions worried her. For example, @CAPS1 said, "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and journals." @CAPS1 was very skeptical when he said this. @CAPS1 thinks @CAPS1 will not succeed. Finally, @CAPS1 arrives at another destination and again finds himself asking another older man for directions!
In @PERSON1's "Don't exceed the posted speed limit", the functionality of the settings greatly affects cyclists. The first major example is when a cyclist finds that flat roads are turning into "short, rolling hills" that increase the difficulty and make him doubt his success. Another setting that raises major suspicions is that he is in a desolate desert. "No one can be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind." The horizon is what drives cyclists forward. "I started breaking down the journey into chaos: I could see the horizon and tell myself that if I could go that far, I'd be fine." The horizon filled him with hope and determination. He wouldn't be so serious without this scene, but luckily, in the end, this scene helped him have enough determination to get it done.
I guess real softness comes first and you have to be careful when you're riding your bike on the street. I really don't understand, I don't write much.
When the cyclist listens to the old man, he is confident. He rode his bike to the first town, but it was like a "ghost town". A town is a town. Before long, he saw nothing. No cars, buildings or anything. He became sad and dehydrated. The old man swears that a town is coming, so he trusts and trusts him again. He saw a building rising, but it was just a dilapidated factory. He thought he had been betrayed. He was sure he was going to die, right now. He is better than seeing a siga for a fish comp! He was overjoyed! This place is real! He regarded them as his saviour! These settings greatly affect cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed posted limits on rough roads ahead", there are a number of settings that affect cyclists. An example is when he walks up to a water pump and he wants to get the water out, but the water doesn't come out. "...operated the rusted water pump handle with all my might. There was a tar-like substance oozing out..." (Kulmarski). In another example, when he encountered rolling hills and terrifying heat, he also encountered a snake that took up most of the pavement.
If it's just between the building and the car, the set's features will affect the cyclist who won't be able to break free and ride the bike freely. So it will affect him.
The setting of the story is very hot. Cyclists sweat a lot. The whole town was empty. He pasted empty buildings. They are the rivers and mountains that he must ride over. As it says of the building, "Somehow I climbed out of abandoned juice and dream factories, slowly gaining ascension while losing hope." This setup affects cyclists because they are in There is no one in town. Also, they are alpine.
The characteristics of this setup greatly affect cyclists. He is in the California desert in June. There was no water in the desert, so he had to use the water he had. He said the sun started to run harder and the terrain turned into rolling hills. The hills make him work harder, which makes him dehydrated guccher.and since there is no water in the desert, he may die of dehydration
When you're cycling in Ocean City with your family, your only obstacle is people. When you are racing on rough roads, you may encounter a lot of obstacles. Wheat may be your biggest obstacle. You may pass out from lack of water and burning heat. You may fall over slippery roads due to rain. With this nature, it can cause you harm. "An insanely big snake...blocking most of the pavement in front of @NUM1, Kurmaskie) @CAPS1 is like a snake you don't know what to expect.
Many functions of this setting affect cyclists. Cyclist is cycling in the desert. The phrase "an insanely large snake" shows that only weather and climate are against him, and nature is against him. " I might fall due to heat stroke" is another great quote that shows how hot the cyclists are. No one can be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. " Very detailed description of where the cyclists are and how desolate the area is." There are only a few enticing sips in the bottle. " This cyclist is running out of water in the desert, which can be a really bad thing in a desert without water. The quote above really appeals to you, you can see many features of the setup as well as riding the bike people's feelings.
Features set in Rough Ahead Ahead: Do not exceed the published speed limit. " Affects cyclists in a number of ways. First in the article @CAPS1 says he's in the California desert, which could have an impact because it gives them an idea of how hot it's most likely to be there, and how lack of water can really hurt SB. Also, when @CAPS1 describes the pump and what it outputs, it gives cyclists a sense of disgust and reminds them to keep a good water supply at all times.
Many things in the setting of the article "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affect cyclists throughout their journey. A very important part that affects a cyclist a lot is that he does not have an adequate water supply in the desert. Another part of the environment that challenges a cyclist is the length of his journey. The combination of these two factors for his trip to Yosemite is probably the worst and most challenging thing affecting a cyclist.
The function of this setting affects cyclists because. It's the lack of water and he's in the high desert or California. For example, in the text saying "When I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid. When he tried to get water from the pump, it clearly showed how it came out obviously, because the sediment was very hot and was It's a pain in the ass for cyclists.
In the story, the character of the scene affects the cyclist because he doesn't have much to rely on. For example, it's a desert, usually there's nothing there. The cyclist has only a limited supply of what he needs, and it doesn't help him to ride through there. For example, the old man who showed him the way made him think he could make it longer before he could elgo. This affected him because throughout his journey the lack of water slowed him down and made him think he was not going to make it. He learned his lesson when he finally got to "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" because when an old man asked him if he knew the fastest route to Yosemite he said yes, I have a very good one map.
In many real-life situations, nature or the environment can be the biggest obstacle to success or even survival. For example, a cyclist riding his bike through what appears to be @CAPS1's living room under the scorching sun: dry, desolate, utterly contemptuous. "Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt, and I became more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a nice June day." @CAPS2 depicting the desert heat. Another feature of the setup is every overhanging hill and step, and while pedaling down the hill is an easier task, driving up the hill, and maneuvering through thirst and corners is a direct conflict. For example, "I believe this is my last burst of energy, I manipulate an environment, affect a situation, and in the end, the cyclist reaches his destination, which is a great relief. But the biggest The obstacle is his environment.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because they present him with simple challenges. The backside of the water and the snake in his path are examples.
First, by taking the old man's advice, the cyclist prepares himself for difficulties that he could have easily avoided by using the map. He first encountered a "ghost town" with no life and, most importantly, no water. Then, he encountered a pump that produced water that tasted like "battery acid." Next, he rode past a "Rough Road Ahead" sign; it wasn't the most encouraging thing about his trip. Even more desperate, he had to deftly pass a seductive but empty juice factory. Finally, the thirsty cyclists arrive at "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp." "To him, this simple bait shop was like a beacon of hope for the food itself.
In this story, cyclists try to get to Yosemite, California. At first, the cyclists were convinced they decided to ask some elderly people for directions who didn't seem to have left the porch since Carter took office. The old man finally took him to the middle of the desert. In the desert, the sun is directly on him, and his water supply is limited. There was never any sign of civilization. These hot days make cyclists very hot, tired and thirsty. But that didn't stop him, he kept going and eventually he came to a small town where he could drink cold water and have a good rest.
In most of the stories, the character of the scene affects the cyclist in a more negative way. For example, he arrived in this small town, one swore to be there, but turned out to be abandoned. So he let out a sad, desperate laugh, still having the energy to feel sorry for himself. Another feature, the grape juice factory, was also abandoned, so he kept his head down and that blues tune "Summertime" rattled in his head. The third characteristic is his thirst. So he stuffed something small in his mouth to take his attention away from it. And then he thought how lucky he would be if he checked, @CAPS1 against me.
Many of the features in this article affect the cyclist as he is riding and drinking more and more water. The road is getting tougher, so he needs to slow down. If he slows down, he gets tired and needs more water, and despite his all-out effort, the old man really doesn't know what they're talking about, traits that affect cyclists.
This setup affected the cyclist in a number of ways, such as the intense heat that weighed on him during this long ride. In fact, there is nowhere around him to fill his water bottle. So he was thirsty and didn't know where he was going or how far he was going. In this story, the environment is brutal.
The story begins with a flat scene, but as the path becomes unfamiliar, it becomes a lot of hills and turns. This affects a cyclist a lot because he runs out of water and starts to become dehydrated.
This setting affects cyclists. He began to see things that would affect his mind. Passing there, he began to feel abandoned and misguided, as there was no sign that he would be on the right track.
Cyclists have to overcome many obstacles. For example, there is a snake in his path, so he will ride around it. Also, there were many hills, and he wasn't sure if he could climb them. Also, he had little water, so he could have died of heatstroke or sweating. In short, he overcame these obstacles and achieved his goal.
In the essay "The Rough Road Ahead", the author experiences many landscapes. All the places the author goes to make him more determined because he wants to find water and he just wants to go to Yosemite. This determination drives him to keep going further. Then his determination finally paid off after he took a turn as he saw a place to drink, a place to cool off.
The functionality of this setting affects the author while cycling. They turned his hope into doubt. There were no buildings or cars, which led him to believe he would never get to Yosemite. Plus, its rough terrain made him wonder if he'd ever get water. I'm sure if the environment has buildings, people, or even just civilization, a cyclist would be fine.
Scorching temperatures, lack of water, little hope - all of these are environmental factors that affect cyclists. Blazing temperatures, because the hotter the water, the more you sweat, and with insufficient moisture, you can't put anything back into your skin, and without water, your body can't function and it will eventually decrease. Hopefully, the cyclist doesn't think he'll get through this. He tried hard, pushed himself, and succeeded. He lives.
The function of this setting affects the cyclist because he will be very tired. The character in the story gets tired from riding his bike for a long time. He rides alone, with nothing or anyone around him to take in trying and wild animals.
Cyclists are characterized by roughness due to hills, snakes, heat, water volume. Going down the mountain brings you a breeze, but going up the mountain brings you difficulties. Snakes will bite you. Heat can make you sick. Dehydration can really hurt your water volume.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. The function of this setting affects the cyclist through the posted speed. Due to the different environments, cyclists expect a rough hill.
The hills and rough roads slowed him down and he was dehydrated. It also slowed him down because he needed water. There are also obstacles on the road, such as a large snake crossing the middle of the road. He got lost without water and may have died of heatstroke.
Knows what he's doing, so if he needs water or something like that, it's probably his own fault and he should have some with him.
The cyclist and his journey in Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Speed limit are affected by the settings. "June in the California desert" tires him easily. The change of terrain from flat roads to hills made him feel less confident because he felt signs were taunting him to say no more than 55 mph. He can only go to @NUM1. In the end, the large snake blocked most of the pavement in front of the cyclist, creating an obstacle for him. All of these features affect cyclists in some way.
The story is basically talking about more people with cars should bike to work or school so there is a lot of pollution in the air.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The temperature in the area affects how he drinks water, which leads him to think he's dying because he's running out of water. The "town" he came to was so deserted that he thought he was going in the wrong direction. All the settings in the story also help him not give up and move on. All in all, even though he has to go through all these doubts, he will still be alive in the end, but he still keeps going. In the end he did, and it was all worth it.
There are a lot of settings that affect cyclists. One feature is the terrain around him. Also, cyclists face obstacles. Another feature is the variety of wildlife and the scarcity of surrounding water resources. Also, the old man who gave him unimportant and unupdated information. All of this affects the cyclist as it wears down and worries his physical and mental strength.
I think at the end of the story, there are a lot of things that contribute to the state of being a cyclist. First, the fact that there is time. He was cycling in June and it was hot because it was summer. Second, he biked through California and it was warm even in the early days of @DATE1. Third, he was traveling through the desert. So if you put all of that together. On a hot June day, he was cycling in the California desert. These @NUM1 things all contribute to the character state. In his quest for water, he travels through dead towns and finds an old well pump that is so hot that it tastes like battery acid. He drank a lot of water at first, but in the end he just vomited. He was lucky enough to find a fish camp in the middle of nowhere and to find water. These three things made him drink too much water at first and barely made him drink enough.
These features affect a cyclist's setup because in some ways they'll stray slightly from the other lines through you and then get confused about what they're actually talking about. That line said before the last world war, may disappoint you. Kind of turned me off a bit.
The environment that affects the cyclist is that he is dehydrated because it says "there are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle" and the text also says "I read once that sucking on a rock can help you get rid of your thirst by getting your saliva flowing" , if he's not thirsty, he's not trying to get rid of thirst.
The characteristics of the environment affected cyclists because it was June and cyclists rarely had water. The cyclist was dehydrated and couldn't find any buildings or water for miles. The cyclists took the advice of old men who didn't know what they were talking about. In conclusion, weather and location affect cyclists.
Cyclists tread a variety of different terrains. Travel through hills, high deserts, smooth roads and woods. The cyclist took advice from a group of elderly people who thought they knew the shortcut to Yosemite National Park. The shortcut turned into a nightmare. Cyclists carry only so many water bottles and they run out of water quickly. The context of this story has changed so much that cyclists sometimes have to speed up and slow down. Cyclists quickly get exhausted and start to lose hope in themselves. The changing terrain made it hard for him not to get thirsty. Eventually, he drank all the water, knowing he would die of dehydration or heatstroke. Climbed up a long mountain, saw a bait shop, stopped in there for a drink, and vowed not to listen to a bunch of old guys again.
The character of the scene made him happy because he met people who told him a route would take up a lot of his time. This is what the text says, "What I shouldn't have done is let them peck at my map. Like a stupid young man, the next morning, I followed their advice and set out on a 'shortcut' that Shortcuts can shorten my ride time," said, "
During the bike ride to Yosemite, many things got in the way and slowed him down. For example, he listens to the wrong instructions given to him by the old man to go where he wants to go. Also, his water source is getting less and less, which drains his energy much faster than usual. Heat is also part of his energy loss. The heat made him sweat profusely, rendering the water in his body useless.
The characteristics of the environment have many effects on cyclists. For example, he was in the California desert in June. Heat and lack of water can cause people to become dehydrated, faint and even die. There is not much water here. desert. The terrain didn't help him much either, the hills consumed a lot of energy and made him sweat, causing his body to lose the flood. Cyclists are greatly influenced by the characteristics of their environment.
The rider in Joe Kurmaskie's story "Rough Road Ahead" has a very analytical mind, which is influenced by what's around him. At first the rider "rides till morning...with a smile" because the sun is shining, "pine cool" and "the swift river"...he is confident in the old man's direction, the first sign when he comes to the "shaky" The shack...", he was disappointed, "...seeing this upset him...", but he moved on. When he rode "serious hills" he thought it might not be a good idea. Finally, he made it to an old bait shop and into the "modern bathroom" where he drank water to free him from the desert he had just ridden through.
The characteristics of the environment have a great influence on cyclists. The scenery is hard to ride, it's hot and there's very little water. As a result, it was a long journey and it was difficult for him to reach his destination.
At first, the trip was easy and flat. It's a beautiful day and the water is running off. Soon the trails turned into hills, which soon became bumpy. Even the shade of pine trees is not enough to help cyclists. After hard climbing and cycling through the woods, he finally reached some level of civilization.
The article on "The Rough Road Ahead" is about speed and the dangers of attack. It just lets you know to follow the instructions and read the signs. You should always keep signs and things off @NUM1/=.
Environments that affect cyclists are water temperature, rolling hills and road conditions. Water was a factor as he needed cool water to stay hydrated and he came to a shed with a pump after running out of water. He started pumping, the water was hot, but he took it and tried to let it cool down, but it didn't. The rolling hills are another pain point for the cyclist, as the road starts out flat and then ends up on the hill where he can strain his leg, making it harder to continue riding. Another difficulty was the road conditions, which were smooth at first and then rough. These are some of the effects cyclists have to overcome
The setting depends on how you go or move. The town's hills help cyclists. No uphill. The cyclist developed a bad idea or habit when he saw those towns he was upset about, he didn't want to die, but he did it anyway. He's going for two. He said he wouldn't trust the old man anymore. They don't know what they're talking about. How he believed in the first place and why.
The character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. For example, "I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This sentence indicates that his surroundings presented difficulties and challenges to his travels. By describing the hill as "rolling," it helps the reader imagine the obstacle he's going through. Additionally, a sign marked "Rough Road Ahead; Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits". Give the reader a sense that the character is in danger. Finally, an example of a setup that helps show the character's hardships is "no people in sight, no structures, no cars, or any hands". If anything happened to this character, as the writer foretold, he would be trapped and die alone. He will be in trouble and no one can help him. If the author does not use these examples, the reader will not easily understand the difficulties he has to overcome. Together, these examples add emphasis and meaning to the text.
There are many ways in which the functionality of the settings affects cyclists. Well, when his water was hot, he took some pebbles and shoved them into his mouth. He has heard that if you do it, it will dilute your saliva. The terrain of the story is very rocky and hilly. These are the features of the terrain.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The hills affect the cyclist because it is harder for him to ride. The abandoned town also affected him. When he got to the town, he wished he could get more water and take a break, but when he got there, the town was deserted. The highway was also difficult for him because he was difficult to ride. There was also nowhere around him to get water. Many features of the setup affected him.
The characteristics of the environment gradually contributed to the anger of the cyclists. For example, at the beginning of the story, the cyclist encounters the viper, "a crumbling shack, a few rusted water pumps, and a corral that can't even fit the lame mule." All the sights haunt With the narrator, he becomes frightened and neurotic. As he continues the cycle, the narrator begins to drain his water supply, and when he stops to refill, "the water won't cool" and "it smells of battery acid. The cyclist is frustrated by the lack of water," The hills got steeper and annoyed him even more. The final straw came when the cyclist passed what he thought "used to be the Welch grape juice factory." The narrator went on angrily to explain, He wishes to perish on the road to shield himself from the horrific features of his environment.
The features in the settings most explicitly affect the cyclist while he travels. The cyclist was very thirsty and tired, and he was in a situation where he really had no hope of survival. He first came to a "ghost town" that he found uninhabited. Encountering isolation for the first time in a desolate place doesn't really affect him because it's the first place he finds, but the rest of the backstory mimics that. As he travels, he encounters barren land with no water and no people in sight. It's June in California and the cyclist is worried that if he hasn't found water yet, he @MONTH1 will get heatstroke soon. It doesn't help when he arrives at an abandoned juice factory that taunts him with the one thing he needs to survive. All in all, all the features in the scene make the cyclist lose hope and make him feel like he's going to die if he can't find water.
The backdrop in the story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" is the hot, dry terrain of California. This setting affects the mood of the character. It does this because some of the features it contains look like actual emotions based on metaphors. An example from a story would be, "Yosemite's cool pines and rushing rivers..." This sentence in a story can suggest the tone and mood of a calm and relaxing landscape. So from what the scene is seen and the mood it has, it also gives the character its mood.
The characteristics of the environment that affect cyclists depend on their location. In this story, "there was nothing, and the desert and heat around him left him hopeless". It all depends on where you ride your bike. "It's okay if I die." The phrase expressed how he felt about what was going on in his mind when he died of thirst. He doesn't feel anything, he's sure he's going to die, until he finds signs of civilization nearby, he's better, and his hopes are ignited.
I think the characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists in many ways. It was a long, hot, lonely journey that took a toll on him. It scares him, and it keeps him going longer. He had nothing to drink and thought he was going to die, which made him very weak. The snakes on the road made him go further, and every stop there used to make him stop.
I think even long bike rides can be bad for the back. But it's also a great workout for the legs, especially with all the strength you get from the muscles. It can take forever to know where you're going. But I do know they're going to have to deal with all kinds of weather, but it won't hurt you as long as you have the gear.
He was angry at first because he took the advice of the old man who never left the porch. He was afraid that he would die because if he drank all the water, and he didn't know how long it would take to get more water. He shouldn't have finished his water so soon because he knew he had a while to go. Then, when he saw the decoy sign, he became happy. He rode his bike down the mountain quickly.
In the story "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", the character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. Cyclists are affected because the environment is depressing and frightening. When a cyclist first saw a 55 mph speed limit sign, he said, "life can be so cruel sometimes". Because considering he rides a bike, he can only go 12 mph. After seeing the sign, a snake crossed his path. He was freaked out by it because it looked like a diamond back and he was trying to keep his balance and get through it with ease. Since the main problem a cyclist faces is lack of water, the dry, long hills seem to make him even weaker and more tired. Rolling weeds brushed past him, no water in sight. This is how the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. This made him dehydrated. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph @NUM2 sentence, he said "I relaxed and tried to keep my balance in a dehydrated state." This shows how the heat and climate of the environment affected him as he lost his balance and let him He is dehydrated. The setting of Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit" affects the cyclists in the story.
The setup in this story greatly affects cyclists. It's very hot in California right now, and the narrator is helping him ride. This makes him faster on "short hits", resulting in nowhere to go. "Wide signs of dry outcasts wrap around my limbs and I'm getting more and more aware that I can fall off of it?? Good day in June" The gust of wind showed that that calm day was really calm, and the cyclists The fact that people sweat so much shows how much the weather affects him. The rolling hills in the story also affect cyclists. By riding up and down infrequently, it secured his ride. Going to a town with water made him even more scared. Abandoned knowledge in the scene also negatively affects the narrator. This gave him a desperate narrative as there was nowhere to stop to drain his water supply.
Joe Kurmaskie is having trouble getting to Yosemite National Park. First, he received instructions from an old man, and Joe followed them; little did he know that he would face many difficulties. After he arrived in the first town, he checked his supplies. About @NUM1 miles, he found his bottle getting lower and lower as he was traversing the high deserts of California. It was hot and cool outside, and then the terrain changed. He doesn't have that much water anymore. He came across a snake, which he swore was an almond back. Finally, he came to another town, got some water, walked through the ghost town, and left. Hard to ride in hot and unfamiliar conditions. Adding hill heating is not a good combination, nothing around val can be very dangerous, even fatal. Think about the situation in front of you before you ride your bike
Because he told him to make it worse he was willing to go because he was drying the soil because he was drying at 55 mph and 12 mph and sometimes life feels like life Cruel, you dig, that's all I can say now.
Whenever an author encounters an environment that is not very attractive or helpful, he loses hope of reaching his destination or finding a good place to rest and drink some fresh water. For example, the text reads: “I was greeted by a crumbling shack, a few rusted water pumps and a corral that couldn’t even fit the lameest mule. The scene was disturbing” (Kurmaskie @NUM1). At this point, the author has a negative, sarcastic tone. It shows that he is getting increasingly frustrated and has lost some hope. He also mentions that "the sight is disturbing," which indicates how much a feature or landscape around him can make a difference.
Many features in the settings can have an impact on cyclists. @MONTH1 some of the factors that make a difference are the hot and flat roads that have to be ridden, or the conditions there
This article is an American story that expresses how difficult it is to do something. But do it with determination. This cycle faces many changes not only physically but also prenatally. There was no one in sight, no building or anything. When the rider started to think he was getting beaten hard from the ride, he was clumsy and didn't see Baidy saying he probably couldn't.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. First of all he was crossing the California desert in June so it was very hot and the cyclists needed water, but since he was running out of water with him and he couldn't find any other water himself, he was thirsty and almost Dehydration. Also, if it's frustrating for him that when he finds water, it's not only hot but tastes like battery acid @CAPS1, when the cyclist decides to save some water and go to the next town for more, but also There's another setback. The road conditions are poor and cyclists can't go faster than 12 miles per hour. So if he gets to the next town. He still had to wait longer to get much-needed water, driving at 12 mph. The snake was also another setback that cyclists were lucky enough to escape. Therefore, his main concern is the lack of water.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many different ways. At first, the weather was fine and the cyclists were happy. He gets to the first town, a ghost town, which makes him sad. Riding on it, he started to lose water. The once bright and shiny days are starting to make the blood boil for cyclists. He walked to a crumbling shed and began to lose hope. He loses water quickly and becomes more dehydrated. The terrain turned into slopes and hills, the ride got tougher, and his hopes were all but dashed when he reached the grape drink factory. But just over the hill is a fishing shop. He used the energy he controlled to speed down the mountain to fetch water and restore his energy.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, when it says, "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers have my name written on them." This setup features a cyclist's resolve. Another example is when it says: "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, an insanely large snake - it did look like a diamond vest blocking most of the sidewalk in front of me." The character of the environment made him brave and fearless. The last example is when it says, "I put my head down." This setup is characterized by a sense of desperation for cyclists. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
In the article "Don't exceed the published speed limit on rough roads ahead", cyclists are affected both positively and negatively by the environment. The background is the voice of the storyline. In the story, a cyclist gets lost and the band is in danger because of it. The background of the story can be said to be mountainous with many rolling hills. The author differentiates the settings by saying "@CAPS1 is two miles from the next ride and I notice a change in the terrain". The change in terrain made it harder for cyclists. However, he also used the land to give him hope that he was almost theirs. He told himself that if he could get over the next mountain, he would make it. The context of the story gave the cyclist hope and the problems he faced on the road.
Cyclists are affected by advice from some elderly people whose information is inaccurate. Then he cycled along the very hot desert. He has a limited water supply, which also affects him very badly. He almost got heat stroke a few times. He was probably angry because he took the advice of these people and got himself into trouble. Then when he found the fish camp, he was ecstatic. But at the same time, if he asks someone for directions, he doesn't have that in the first place. So it's really confusing because he's probably feeling re-experienced and angry at the same time. Then another old man asked if he knew the best way out there. He said it was right because if he didn't the old man would give him some more confusing directions and he would be out there again, about to have another heat stroke.
The function of this setting affects the cyclist as he/she feels rushed when going downhill. Fresh morning air, just you and your feet. Go overdrive, go as fast as you can, your heart pounding in your chest. There are no boundaries, when you can go where you like and when. No one gets in your way and your need for speed.
In the short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the character of the scene does affect the cyclist through the story. In the story, the cyclist is confronted with the physical and mental journey he experiences while riding his bike. Not knowing where he was on the trip, the circumstances started to really affect him. For example, he was constantly affected by the old city and desert areas during his travels, and he even said that "the sight is disturbing". As he continued on to California in June, the heat and long journey really started to take its toll on his mind and body. For example, he said: "I put my hands down and knew I was working on a rusty water pump with all my strength." The quote shows that because he had been riding his bike for so long, looking for water, and there was no town, he became weak, although he was terminated Finished the journey, but because of the circumstances he was placed in, he became more desperate and sad for himself.
"@CAPS1 direction, June, lack of water" are all elements that affect the rider's riding. He followed the instructions of the old man who promised the rider a shortcut. I find their shortcut is wrong. It was June in California when the riders started the trip. It would have been hot. In the end, he drank most of the water on the trip. If he hadn't found another source of water, he might have died. These are some of the factors that affect a rider's travel.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists in "Do not exceed the posted speed limit". Features in the story change the mood of the speaker throughout the journey. For example, at the beginning he encountered a desolate town, so he was cautious. Next, he encountered a fork in the road that troubled him. Then he passed a snake, and the obstacles on the hill made him firm. In the end, his determination turned to relief, and he arrived at Gary and Wilbur's fish camp. In conclusion, the context in the story greatly affects cyclists by changing their mood and attitude towards the journey.
In the article "The rough road ahead: don't exceed the stated speed limit", it is about a man who followed some wrong directions and got stuck in a desert without water. When circumstances changed, he began to lack confidence in the direction. "After 40 miles on the pedals, I arrived at the first town that met the traditional definition of a ghost town," he said. He was told it was a thriving town, but nothing. It's a big disappointment, the cyclists weren't as aggressive and it was the right thing to do. He continued riding and found another disturbing sight. " I was greeted by a crumbling shed, a couple of rusty pumps and a corral that couldn't even fit a lame mule." @CAPS1 is another supposedly nice place, but all he gets is battery-smelling water. On the final stretch of his bike, he encountered rough hills, a diamondback snake and an abandoned juice factory. It all made his spirits lower and lower until he thought he was going to die. The cyclist eventually found a shop, but he was discouraged by the heat and could die.
In the article, cyclists are strongly influenced by environmental characteristics. In this case, he could barely survive and reach his destination. Apparently, when he said "The speed limit is 55 mph. I'm consuming water at 12 mph. Life is so brutal sometimes." In his efforts, he grew weaker and he saw The signs only made him feel worse, because it seemed to him that it was mocking him. He also said: "I've read once that sucking on a stone will help you get rid of your thirst by getting the rest of your saliva to flow. With any luck, I'll hit a bump and have a protrusion in my throat. ." It shows he's ready to give up completely and doesn't care if he's dead. From the author's tone, it is clear that the characteristics of the settings do affect cyclists.
Environmental features such as hot sun, no water, and "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" greatly affected cyclists. As the cyclist traveled through California's high dessert in June, the temperatures were so high that the hot sun left a "big circle of dry sweat" on his shirt, making the cyclist aware that he might be suffering from heat stroke. Also, the fact that the only water around feels "around 200 degrees" and "smells of battery acid" prevents the cyclist from drinking it and leaves him "dehydrated". @CAPS1, "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" affected the cyclist by addressing his dehydration issues, as cold water was available to him on arrival.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. First of all, if the cyclist didn't listen to the old man, he would never go through this trouble. Also, he didn't get enough water when he rode, which made him really dehydrated. He should have turned back when the water was gone. Plus the heat made him really hot and thirsty. He should know how to never trust any stranger and try things on his own.
The characteristics of the set affect cyclists. The setting made him feel thirsty, dry, hot and lost. In the story, the scene plays a big party where cyclists ride to the next town. First, the cyclist asked for directions from a man who hadn't left his house in decades, creating suspicion. Also in the story it says "tumbleweed crossed my path" which leaves cyclists confused. At the end it says "just a few enticing sips in the water bottle." This makes cyclists thirsty and tired. These features are sure to have an impact on cyclists.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", cyclists are affected by their environment in many different ways. In midsummer, he was cycling in hot California. This will affect him because he is sweating and he has run out of water and he may be dehydrated. The road is very rough, so he has to use more energy to get up the mountain. That's why I think cyclists are greatly influenced by the settings in the story "The rough road ahead: don't go faster than the posted speed".
Cyclists have to tackle some tough terrain throughout the ride. First, he was in "California High Desert in June." @CAPS1 usually reminds me of a very dry, hot place. The cyclist had a hard time finding the water he needed and thought he might die of heatstroke in the circumstances. Also, there are hills. The cyclist said he had to ride "a long and serious hill". In my experience as a cyclist, the hills are the worst part, especially when you're thirsty. The climate in this story is very hot and dry and the terrain is filled with hills, so in general, cycling is going to be bad.
Snakes, heat, mountains - all of which cyclists have to deal with due to certain settings. He had to deal with the diamond back. He's going through the desert so it's like @NUM1 degrees. When he rides his bike, he has to climb serious hills. He had a dangerous situation and had to ride a bike. I can never do what he did.
The cyclist has a lot of problems with his setup. It was hot and he was starting to run out of water. This caused him to become dehydrated. There is hardly any civilization, so no one can help him. And, the road he decided to take was a long and dynamic one.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story, "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the author describes the environment as hot, tiresome, and suffocating. When a cyclist describes his surroundings, you get this photo from the author. Cyclists describe him as California June's haute dessert, hot and musky, rough terrain and more. This gives you an idea of how cyclists are feeling physically and emotionally. This image shows cyclists really tired, thirsty and determined. The author uses words, metaphors, and imagery to put you in the shoes of a cyclist, both emotionally and physically.
The characteristics of this setting affect cyclists in the area around @LOCATION1. Taking advice from older adults in open spaces may affect cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the setting affects the cyclist because of how hard he rides. He rode fast when the road was flat and took longer to get to the next town when it was hills.
In the case of cyclists in the text, the changing characteristics of the settings affect the journey and mooble. The first feature of the environment that affects cyclists is the desert. He's "traversing the high deserts of California in June" and it's making him very thirsty. "[He] hits [his] water bottle a lot," because of that. He later ran out of water and became desperate. He became a man of hope because he could not see any buildings or places. So there is no water and nowhere to get it. Another feature that affects his environment is the person who shows him the way. They told him a shout and he listened. It was all over and he was left with despair. Another feature is Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp. This allows him to quickly find water. It affected his mood because he had hope again. In conclusion, many features of the scene affected his mood in many ways.
The functionality of the settings can affect cyclists for a number of reasons. If the setting is dark training, there won't be? ? ? run outside. What if it snows? ? ? Can't swim in water.
This explains how the function of the settings affects the bike. It's because some people don't care about the functionality there. Everyone is working on a good feature, but everyone else @CAPS1 is still from the staff. There are new features every day.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the setting affects cyclists, making him suspicious. The cyclist suspects he won't go to Yosemite National Park. "It doesn't matter. I'm dying, and Bivas will clean me up, leaving only some outdoor gear and a journal, the last one praising the old people, their intelligence and their keen sense of direction. " How suspicious. At the end of the story, the cyclists don't think they'll make it.
In the passage, the character of the environment affects the cyclist, because every time he encounters something different, new ideas about his existence pop into his mind. First, when the cyclist sees a mule, he says, "This sight is disturbing," and he is now disturbed by the fact that he has not seen a town, and is beginning to doubt the old man's advice. Also, when he saw the juice factory, he put some pebbles in his mouth and said, "It's okay, I'm dying, the birds will pick me up." This shows that seeing the broken juice factory gave him no hope , he told himself he would die.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the settings made a big difference to the character. The cyclist was trying to go to Yosemite National Park, but had some trouble on the way, the fact that he was not civilized affected the cyclist, because he couldn't refill his water bottle, so he became very thirsty. Also, the fact that there are many hills and summer affects him a lot because he gets tired more easily and can't pedal fast. When it says "the oozing tar-like substance doesn't cool," it means he can't drink water. Also, he must have been tortured when he was thirsty while passing the grape juice factory. If he hadn't listened to these guys in the first place, his rides would have been much shorter and less exhausting. In this article, this setup has a big impact on cyclists.
Cyclists start with an idea and place that looks good. Then the conditions get hot, scary, and maybe even sticky. The constant heat without any breeze is getting into the character. A mirage appeared, at least that's what he thought. He actually thought he might die. Isn't he optimistic? "It doesn't matter. I'm going to die, the birds will pick me up..." The heat must be bad, he wasn't thinking right, and was slowly checking his spiritual center! Although the painful heat was a great way to take a cycling lesson and the old man "helped" with the direction.
Setting out on the journey, he was confident in the instructions the old man gave him. At the first town, there was no water, and he rode on his horse. After he found a "shaky shack", he got into trouble because he "often "knocked" his "water bottle" and was traversing the "California desert in June" and was running out of water. Came to a place, He sees a building on a mountain, he "manipulates" it down, only to find it's empty, and he's about to despair himself. He's desperate for water, and he needs it soon. Finally, he comes to "@@ CAPS1 and Wilbur’s Fish Camp”, quenching his thirst, and feeling relieved. Then he got smarter and stopped teaching seniors who knew little or nothing about cycling.
The setting feature in the story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit" affects the cyclists in the story in many ways. The first must be the cyclists running out of water and having nothing anywhere for miles around. Literally, "No one was seen, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." This evidence in the text proves to the reader that cyclists are starting to worry. Another part of the setup will be the obvious element of temperature. In the hot, unforgiving desert, the cyclists are ours. "Large circles of dry sweat surround my shirt, and I'm becoming more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a good June day." Here, the author, by using natural elements, tries to make readers pay attention/fear of the protagonist. The final key must be travel and road conditions. Although the desert was flat, he began to notice some hills along the way, such a long distance, including the heat, that could be deadly. The elements of the setting greatly influenced the cyclists in this story.
The "don't go over the speed limit" bike was greatly influenced by the cycling settings, making him miserable and unpleasant. In June, he traveled in California's high desert, where he exaggerated the water as "@NUM1 degers." The heat made him drink a lot of water, much faster than he had hoped. It also drained his energy and made his ride more complicated. There was almost nothing along the way, and he had no way to refill his water source. Hilly and rough terrain also requires a hard peek, soaking up more energy. The heat, terrain, and lack of parking combine to give the cyclists in this story a bad ride.
The lone cyclist in @PERSON1's "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits" is strongly influenced by landscape features. The sun is the most important factor; it drives him to drink water quickly first, and then drives him to seek water sources. "The sun was starting to go down, but I barely noticed...I hit my water bottle a lot," is quoted in the article, which shows that even if the cyclist doesn't acknowledge the sun, his body needs water and is depleted supply in his water bottle. The feeling of lack of water at 2000000... has the smell of battery acid. The only water a bike can find is not a consumable. The most important factor in the question of survival is the camp the fish cyclist ends up at. The cyclist has been on the brink of dehydration, and the fish camp is where he finally recovers. A place for the power of the journey.
Dryness, thirst, boredom - these are all environmental characteristics that affect a cyclist. First, everything is dry. The cyclist has nowhere near town that can help him. He has been riding in hot weather for a long time. Second, he was thirsty. The way he travels is a good sign that he needs water. He walked forty miles before he reached the first town to stop. He's also riding a bike, so that doesn't leave him much room to carry water. In the end, the itinerary was tedious. He has gone forty miles and the speed limit is 55 mph. He hasn't hit 12 miles per hour yet. All in all, cyclist travel seems like an adventure that requires a lot of heart.
This scene has a big impact on the cyclist in the story because he is mentally and physically unprepared for where he is going. For example, the text states "There is no better advice, never for a single cyclist. Take the advice of a bunch of old-timers who haven't left their cosines since Carter took office." Thus, a young man Following maid advice from older adults on how to pack for the day may be a shortcut.
This environment affected the cyclist because it was hot and he didn't have any more water, no town with good water quality until he finally got to this fishing spot. Due to lack of water, he became dehydrated and very weak. "I believe this was my last burst of energy and I went down the mountain," said the line, suggesting he was starting to dehydrate and lose energy.
Different settings can affect how you ride your bike. If it's hot and you have a lot of hills, it's hard. If you don't have hills and it's a sunny, breezy day, it's a comfortable ride. In the article, the cyclist is out of water, but is going downhill. The downhill part might have been easy, but the fact that he had no water wasn't a good thing.
The setting of the story puts the cyclist in a state of mind as he spends most of his time thinking about the sun as he rides hard on a hot June summer day. A cyclist has very little water, and riding his bike in the hot sun doesn't quite help him. He had to like catastrophic events like peddling a slope with a faster-than-normal speed, a snake blocking his way, the old man telling him to go the other way and getting infected, and his lack of water supply making him think he'd pass under the scorching sun. However, his resolve was strong as he continued to ride, and he eventually found himself in another town, but this time with people, fish and water.
In terms of the environment that affects cyclists, possible conditions include the weather and the surrounding environment, such as hills and streams, and even the type of animals, and whether they are poisonous. This setup has and can change the minds of cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is that the hot sun dehydrates the cyclist, and since there is no water source around the cyclist, there is no water at all. Rough terrain tires cyclists.
Many features of the California desert affected cyclists during his rides. Ghost towns, rolling hills and dangerous snakes affect cyclists' experience during the "shortcut" to Yosemite. The ghost town on the trip made him integrate into the world during his ride where the water supply was not provided for cooling. Road signs warn of rough terrain as another obstacle to his cycling , which he must pass in dehydration to reach his goal, yosenite. The diamond-shaped rattlesnake gave him an extra fear of cyclists' 'riding from hell''. He had to go around the snake while unsteady due to dehydration. All the characteristics of the cyclist's ride setup influenced his ride to Joseon Rock.
The characteristics of the settings can affect cyclists as it can affect cyclists if it rains or snows as the road surface can be wet and icy. This has caused cyclists to slip and @DATE1, cyclists can really get hurt. Also, if it's hot outside, cyclists must wear helmets, and you won't see cyclists in winter clothes. This will distract the cyclist and the cyclist will not be able to complete any races.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, as hills and snakes prevent him from going further. He was relieved when he found the bait shop. He was relieved because he could have something to drink. He can also buy bugs to eat. A cyclist doesn't really know where he's going because there are no cars, buildings or structures in sight. So the cyclist keeps riding until he encounters the bait shop or the first "town" he calls it in the article. He was only 12 when he hit a road with a 55 mph speed limit, and he knew he wasn't going anywhere near Yosemite National Park.
The settings in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits" affect cyclists in many ways. For one, the setting doesn't look like what cyclists are told it's missing. The cyclist stopped to get directions from a group of older men whose directions were out of date. Second, road conditions can affect cyclists. In the article, cyclists explain that "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." The final environmental feature that affects cyclists is temperature. The hot sun shone on the cyclists. As you can see, the settings in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" affect cyclists in many ways.
Different settings in essay/writing can affect cyclists because of how old and desperate they look. I think it's because when the cyclist stopped in the first town, he looked around expecting to find a little quaint and bustling place, but instead he found these old abandoned, ruined houses. If you can imagine yourself in his situation, then you can imagine how frustrating and almost terrifying it was. As the cyclist continued on for a few more miles, he began to slowly dehydrate and finally saw a building. At first, he thought the building was a mirage; he was wrong, but for him, in this case, it was worse - an old juice factory, when you have a feeling that everything is going against you, There is no hope. But when he found the fishing camp, his whole view changed, and he just felt that he was lucky that he was rescued.
The environment affected the cyclist and the people in Lodi made him go the wrong way and he had to survive from there so he was very dry and there was no water or no water for the next stop so he decided to go to the next destination , he did want to give himself up, but the guy asked him if he wanted direction and he said he wouldn't be fooled twice.
Cycling across the desert cannot be called "easy". Adding rough pavement, rusted water pumps, and less friendly animals also increases discomfort. The cyclist in this story encountered all of these things that turned his supposedly enjoyable ride into a semi-brutal experience, "It landed on my hands and knees, and I operated with all my might to rust The handle of the water pump. Something like that came out, and then there was a feeling of salty water of about two hundred degrees." This sentence shows how his water supply conditions were, which eventually caused him to become dehydrated. It leads to: rough road ahead: don't @CAPS1 SPEED LIMIT. "This quote also shows how riding conditions can make it harder for a cyclist to maintain speed." At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, an outrageously large snake—and it did look like Diamond back beak, on most of the pavement in front of me. " @CAPS2, this sentence shows some of the dangers cyclists encounter. If these features weren't there, the story might describe a nice bike ride, but once you read them, it becomes a disaster.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. It was so hot where he was that he kept drinking water without realizing it until he had only a few sips left. The terrain also made him thirsty because the more he went up and down the mountain, the more he drank. The fact that he didn't see any towns other than ghost towns miles away affected him because he didn't think he would get to the next town. The environment plays an important role for the cyclist because it affects him a lot.
Scenes play a big role in this story. If not in the hot @DATE1 desert, there would be no conflict. It's not important to save water so he doesn't peel. And the long, flat road symbolizes that the journey has a long way to go, but as the straight road turns into a hill, it's a sign that the journey has changed and something better is about to happen.
The setting effect is of great use in the short story "Don't @CAPS1 Post Speed Limits" The cyclist had been walking for a long time when he came to the first town, and there was no water, and you can see that he was very interested in " The old man's instructions lost confidence. From this sentence; "a ton-like substance seeps out." This sentence shows that one of his water opportunities was exhausted after pedaling NUM1 miles when he should have reached two towns. The next time the setting is used is when he comes to a rusted building and he says, "I put my head down", which shows that he has almost completely lost all hope and that he is sure he is going to die.
Cyclists are influenced by a few different things from @NUM1. First, he was given outdated instructions, and then he had to deal with the heat of early California summer. If that's not enough, then he'll run out of water he desperately needs. He encountered several more problems, such as seeing a large snake, and then came to a factory that used to make juice, and now the factory is closed and empty. After all these obstacles, the cyclist passed and got to the @NUM1 fishing shop where he got the water.
During his cycling adventures as a cyclist, he encountered several interesting situations. Every experience is a response to the environment in which it occurs. For example, this young man is beginning to feel confident about finally reaching Yosemite National Park. The first place he came to was a ghost town. The sight didn't affect him immediately, but it greatly increased the long-term impact. He decides to continue his trek to the next ghost, at which point he becomes dehydrated due to a lack of water supply. He decides to go ahead and convince his good guys and thinks there must be water ahead of the next town. In order to get the next town, he has to encounter some unstable situations, including some changes in the terrain. Finally, upon reaching the source of the running water, he was ecstatic with happiness and relief. It is evident from the provided text that the person is affected by every feature of the environment. The different settings greatly affected his confident nature.
The setting affects the rider because if it's hot, you'll be thirsty and have no water. It's hard to answer this question
The features of the setup affect cyclists by making the journey more dangerous and difficult. In reading, for example, it points to the surprisingly large, venomous diamondback snake. Most sidewalks were blocked. Therefore, cyclists have to keep their balance in order to pass them easily. The terrain has also turned into low rolling hills, making it more difficult.
Features in the context of articles affect authors in one major way, dehydration. There are several features that can cause the authors to become dehydrated. First, he's traversing the desert in California. That means there's a crooked sun hitting him constantly. Also, the change from "flat reading" (Kurmaskie) to "short rolling hills" (@CAPS1) affected him, dehydrated. This change required him to use more energy to climb the mountain, which meant he used more water because his body was faster. This is how the feature in the settings affects the author of the article "The rough road ahead: don't exceed the posted speed limit".
The "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" feature affects cyclists. For example, rough terrain makes it difficult for cyclists to reach their destination, Yosemite. He was tired, but had to overcome the hills. He said in the article: "I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills. The setup function also affected the cyclist when he encountered snakes. He was dehydrated and could barely Getting around this dangerous snake. The cyclist explained: "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake, which did look like a diamondback, got in my way. Most of the sidewalk in front. I relax quickly, trying to keep my balance in the dehydrated state. This environment also affects the cyclist as there is no one around him to help. The cyclist described, "No one in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." The cyclist was alone and had to rely on himself to get to Yosemite. In conclusion, the feature set in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affects cyclists. He had to overcome rough terrain without energy, avoid a diamondback snake, and make it all the way to Yosemite because no one was around. As you can see, the function of the settings affects cyclists.
The features of the land around the cyclist make him face nature. When he started the trip on the advice of "Old Guy", he "ride out with strong legs and a smile". When he came to the first town, he described it as a "ghost town" with no water and no one to touch for a while. That should be a cue for him to stop and turn around, hoping for another route to Yosemite. But with firm determination, he persevered. Along the way, he encounters crumbling shacks, rusted water pumps, snakes and treacherous terrain. The rolling short mountains tested his "heart" and made him dehydrated. The land around a cyclist not only damages his health, but also makes for a bad way of vacationing.
The harsh features of the environment hinder cyclists' journeys to Yosemite National Park. As the cyclists traveled along "June California's High Desert," something went wrong. The heat of the scorching desert sun took a toll on the cyclist, causing him to drink more water and quickly deplete his supplies. Cyclists also traverse "Gust Town" instead of stopping at appropriate rest stops for water, relaxation, etc. Additionally, while refilling the water, he encounters dangers, such as traversing ghostly terrain and "rolling hills" of snakes. All these characteristics in the setup impair the cyclist's ability to maintain confidence whether he will reach his destination and his positive attitude towards the journey etc.
Cycling is a good sport and cyclists are in good shape. They also have strong calf muscles. I think it's also dangerous.
In the story, the author says, "The sun is starting to go down, trying to balance me in a dehydrated state," which makes you feel like the heat is hitting him and draining his water supply. At Ore Point, he nearly drove himself into despair and died of dehydration. It seems that he will never reach his good and he will continue to suffer in the heat. I can almost feel the sweat and heat that a cyclist feels. Also, I could almost feel the lump in my throat when he said "with any luck I hit a lump and stuck a pebble in my throat". The heat definitely affects this person's riding in a bad way. He was exhausted and couldn't move on without water.
Cyclists think it's hard. He was also disturbed that the old man was giving wrong instructions.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. First, he can't get water from anywhere because he's in a dessert of crumbling shacks and rusty camps. Secondly, the mountain roads are short and the roads are rough and difficult to ride. There are tumbleweeds and serpents in his path. The heat made it difficult to continue riding. And a building structure with no one around him can provide him with elevators or water. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
In this article by Joe Kurmaskie, a young man is lured into outdated information by a group of old men. He later paid for it while cycling, and he nearly died of heatstroke or dehydration. This scene is an excellent way to portray his desperation, despair and fatigue. When he was just starting, the road was smooth and easy. It's cool and relaxing. When he started running out of water, the terrain became more rugged. He saw empty plains, cracks, dry ground, and a scorching sun. He became more desperate. After a while, when he thought he couldn't go any more, he saw a store that used to hold several gallons of grape juice. He laughed at the irony. This scene does describe his helplessness well.
In this passage, the cyclist is influenced by the environment, because if it were any other environment, he would not suffer or learn at all. Because the environment lacked both civilization and the water he needed, it caused him to almost faint with thirst. This is an example of an environment that affects a cyclist, "I believe this is my last burst of energy, and I maneuver down the hill." This shows that if all the setup is Paridic, he will never learn anything.
The characteristics set in the text make cyclists suffer and continue to be identified. The authors of the article used phrases such as "the sun goes down" and "the high deserts of California in June" to emphasize the extreme heat that causes extreme thirst and heatstroke in cyclists. The article also used "short rolling hills", "tumbleweeds" and "long severe hills" to describe the difficult terrain the cyclist faced, causing him to feel tired and slow. In the end, the cyclist faced an "absurdly large snake" as well as plants and weeds blocking his progress, forcing him to slow down.
This setting has a big impact on cyclists. Due to the very dry climate
Scenes from the story "The Rough Road Ahead" play a big role in the character's journey. Some of the features mentioned in the story are the heat, rough roads, long hills and abandoned grape juice factories. The heat in the story drives the cyclists to death of thirst. @CAPS1 Do your best to conserve water on the go, but the dry dessert heat doesn't allow that. Then came the rough road. Cyclists trying to stay steady and safe through bumps and breaks in the road through @CAPS1. Long, broken hills followed, and cyclists had to use all their energy to get up. @CAPS1 wiped the sweat from her eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage, then @CAPS1 saw it was an abandoned factory. This is where cyclists lose all hope and if @CAPS1 doesn't get water soon @CAPS1 will surely be eaten by birds. , the fear is all behind me. Gary and Wilbur Fish Camp. @CAPS1 rushed to the bathroom and drank cool water in the sink, pride and achievement overwhelmed her.
The character of the environment affects the cyclist because it gives him a sense of hopelessness. When cyclists get their route to Yosemite from these two? ? ? Old man, he thought he was taking a good shortcut. In reality, he was just taken on a road that seemed to have nowhere to go, where he saw many things that made him despair, for example, the author writes, "I work hard. At some point, the tumbleweed Crossed my path and there was a really big snake. It really moved like a rattlesnake and blocked most of the pavement in front of me." This is a sign that the cyclist is tired and seeing the tumbleweed, this Usually represents a completely deserted stage, with deadly snakes blocking his way. The answer to this question is because it shows how circumstances lead him to despair.
The "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" story is a tough tale of cyclists traversing rough climates and terrain. In this story, the description is like a searing path of nothingness, as far as the human eye can see. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the text says: "My shirt is surrounded by large circles of dry sweat and I'm becoming more aware that I may die of heat stroke." Impressive is the feel of the climate. That explains the heat and how he felt during the experience. The whole journey sounds painful.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists in a number of ways. For example, when he was riding in the hot sun, he became very thirsty because he only had a few drops of water left. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. They make it difficult to concentrate because its heat is unbearable. The setting has the effect of drowsiness and thirst, "dry bitterness, longing, longing.
In many ways, the environment influenced his journey to Yosemite. If the conditions weren't so bad, the long rides wouldn't be as heavy on his body. Since the environment was a very hot day in June, in the California desert, when he did find a well, he said, "Then it felt salty water somewhere around two hundred degrees." @CAPS1 About the setup The point is that if it wasn't that hot, he wouldn't need as much water. And, if he can get the water he needs because it's too hot, his body won't be so exhausting. I know it's exhausting because he said, "I'm probably going to have a heat stroke on a nice day in June." Anyway, the scene plays a big part in the story.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the man rides his bicycle through rough terrain. His adventure wouldn't be an adventure if he'd just been riding a flat, smooth bike. The fact that the hills are steep, rocky and many is why he rides his bike.
A feature that affects cyclists' settings is how to get some old-timers advice. Than the town they were told to go to is a ghost town. After he moved on, they told him the place where he went to get the water was old and rusty, he smoked it and he found the tar came out. As he made his way through the dessert, a snake appeared in the road and he made his way around it. So never listen to the advice of the elders.
In the story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit", the set feature affects cyclists by showing them the harsh conditions they experience and somehow stick to it. The author states many times the lack of water and rolling hills. Then there is a feeling of salty water of about two hundred degrees. " It shows the struggle he's been through and supports the backstory and how it affects his travels. It also shows how he persevered in the struggle and worked his way through it.
From flat ground to rolling hills, rider conditions are tough. This will be difficult for someone who is dehydrating. There is a snake in his path, so he goes around it. It was dangerous and he could go unconscious from lack of water and then be bitten by a snake.
The cyclists described in the article are greatly influenced by their surroundings. First, he describes the throbbing sun and pines and rushing rivers. All of these items are very animated things. The river is even described as turbulent, rather than, perhaps, violent. The setting is active just like a cyclist. Next, people admit to a crumbling shed, with rusted water pumps and a bad-sounding corral. When it comes to these ancient abandoned things, it can be noticed that the cyclists start to feel a little desperate. To fix this, he drank water that tasted like "battery acid." Batteries can eat skin, just as the environment can eat cyclists.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead", the setting was able to affect the mood and mood of cyclists in both positive and negative ways. As the author traveled through the desert, he was already distraught because it was so hot and the water was scarce, showing how the terrain can have a negative impact. Another example is when the author first saw the old water pump, he was relieved and showed a positive effect, but the water pump gave off a lustrous substance he called "battery sour" that made his mood become the worst. In the end, the cobblestones he put into his math show were desperation and willingness to try anything to survive, suggesting a new positive outlook for the desert, until the pump "hut in his misery" had another negative effect. All of these traits lead him to the "Gary and Will Fishing Camp" and give him extra motivation for his journey through the desert.
The character of the environment affected him because it was hot and they had nowhere to go. An example from the test is when they say "no people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind". In another part, he walked over to a sign that said bumpy roads: Do not exceed the posted speed limit. The speed limit is 55 mph. He's doing one water one water - consuming 12 mph. Sometimes life can feel so cruel. That's what affects the hearts of cyclists, mountain roads, no water, snakes, rough roads, mostly no direction.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists because of where they are. Like in the middle of nowhere, everyone they ask has time. They took the wrong direction to the nearest town. The old man told him it was @NUM1 a few miles down the road and when he got to the next town @NUM2 mile he said to himself that he would never go from one that has all timers and has been since Carter took office Take instructions without leaving the porch range.
While the cyclist is in the "sunset evening serenity", the man loves to ride his bike and just wishes he could cut his time in half. Then, once he was advised to go down the road, he saw a ghost town that was never good. Then he came to a fork in the road, and the town he came to had run out of water. On the way to the new town, he came to a rough road, at @NUM1 he was out of water, but finally after he made up his mind, he came to a very beautiful place. It can be seen that the characteristics of the scenic road have a great influence on him.
I think this setup allowed him to find more courage in himself to save his water and go to the next town without water.
In the story "Don't go over the established speed limit", the environment takes its toll on cyclists. Seems like all the rough biking conditions in California are exhausting this one-stop mishearing kid from the elderly. The heat and lack of water dehydrated the boy. It said in the article: "There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt and I became more and more aware that I might be getting heat stroke on Georgia Day in June as I listened to some Gentleman's words." That explains how simply he's exhausted from riding his bike, as well as the sun and complete lack of water from not having all the town. He had gotten to the point where he nearly died from hot exhaust due to the old man's misdirection. Next time, he'd better make sure to keep extra water and stick to the direction of the map.
When the cyclist heads to Yosemite, the environment makes him very worried and worried. In the beginning, the narrator is content and excited. He's doing some lovers, is on his way to a beautiful destination, and has found a shortcut to save him hours. He was confident in the instructions the old man gave him. However, as he continues down the twisty road, his circumstances make him doubt their judgment. The first town he came to was completely deserted, and although he laughed it off at first, he finally realized how much trouble he would be in if he didn't come to a civilization soon. The cyclist ran past the "shaky shed" and closed the factory, a road that seemed appealing to him as his water supply dipped. He passed a water pump (exactly what he needed), but the water was almost poisonous. Signs remind him not to go too fast, though if he doesn't pick up his pace, he @MONTH1 will die. He was forced to look at a picture of a happy boy gulping grape juice while he was dehydrated. Aside from the intense heat and sunlight, all the features of the setting push the narrator to the breaking point.
The characteristics of the setting affect cyclists because everything that happened a few years ago is now happening in today's world, which means war. The functions of the rights etc today are the same. Everything repeats itself.
@MONTH1 doesn't seem to be difficult when cycling. For cyclists, everything becomes more serious. Resolve to win and be the best, even if it kills you. In this article, he underestimates cyclists. When they are really the ones with more knowledge. @MONTH1 Some of the things that are hard for cyclists are rough roads. Not just a chance to die from dehydration or get crushed. Cycling in Baidu weather is really hard. Drink and drink, never drink water. Not having water and being too hot can lead to heat stroke. With the road getting worse and more weeds and snakes on the road, he was determined to win. After all, he faced the fears nature gave him, and he knew he was wrong about them and the intelligence officers.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in many different ways. The fact that he was in the California desert and the heat affected him because he had limited water and was consuming his energy by riding his bike. The "towns" he encountered also affected him, as he couldn't get more water or places to rest. "I'm doing a water consumption @NUM1, sometimes life can feel so cruel". This shows how hilly terrain and how dehydration and heat affect cyclists.
The two biggest scenes in this story are deserts and rolling hills. This affects the rider as he experiences dehydration. Being in the desert makes it noticeably hot, so you'll sweat a lot, and hills make it tough on your body because you have extra stress to get up. So overall, it's going to be a tough bike ride.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit," the cyclist experiences dehydration on the road. The cyclist gets directions from the old man who looks like he hasn't left the porch for a long time. He took their advice, but in the long run he'll be stuck with no water and @DATE1 is hot. He climbed the mountain against the scorching sun, afraid of heat stroke. No sight lines, no buildings, no cars.
This setting will have a good or bad effect on the cyclist. In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Rough Road Ahead," it affects cyclists in a bad way and a good way. In the story, it goes on to talk about water scarcity. "When I tried a drop or two, it smelled of @NUM1 batteries). This shows that the heat warmed the water, so it didn't cool him down. But a good way it affects them is with pebbles." I once read, Sucking on a rock will help you get rid of your thirst and leave your saliva for @NUM2). This shows that pebbles can make him less thirsty even if he has no water. This is how the settings affect cyclists. There are good and bad.
In this story, it's obvious how tough the cyclist's journey is. He has to overcome the wrong direction, lack of water, rattlesnakes and fear of dieng. However, he showed great determination and control. An example of his determination is "The old guys swear the next town is only eighteen miles down the road. I can do it." It shows he has determination and feels he can go this far. An example of his self-control is shown in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2. When finding out that the building is going to be abandoned, all the stuff, juice, anyone using becomes frustrated and wants to give up. But not the cyclist, who controlled his anger and showed determination again. Eventually he found the water and survived. This story is a great one that demonstrates determination and self-control.
Early in the morning, cyclists can't wait to get ready to face the adventurous trails planned by older travelers. He barely noticed that "the sun was starting to set". He was calm, looking forward to "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers." It never occurred to him what situation he was in. As he began to approach the desert, he noticed that his water was running low. The intense activity of cycling combined with the extreme heat of the desert comes into play. The cyclist was so hungry for water that he had to put pebbles in his mouth. He once read, "Sucking on a stone helps you get rid of your thirst by getting the rest of your saliva to flow." The cyclist hopes to find a way out of the pain he's experiencing. Dehydration took its toll, and he had hallucinations. He started to lose hope. High temperatures, hills and lack of water affect cyclists the most. If he hadn't been riding through a hilly desert one afternoon in June, he'd be fine.
The cyclist's story set a huge volume on how the story thined out.The water had a lot of influence on the cyclist.The set story took place in the high desert of California in june.As soon as possible for you What you are reading now is the story of something wrong.In, he said, the sun is starting to beat down. This is going to affect him because hes rides a bike through the desert, which makes him about to become dehydrated. I eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydration state.Thes begining to lose his mind because he had no water because of the setting.Everything about the setting caused the cyclist to have some problems.The heat In the setting, the lack of water almost caused his life.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. The first is that he rode in the middle of the desert in June. If he rides @LOCATION1 it won't be hot. Also, the rolling hills probably didn't help and he'd be fine if it was mostly downhill. It's almost impossible to ride a bike up the hill when you're tired.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit," the path characteristics to @ORGANIZATION2 greatly impact cyclists. On the way to the park, the cyclist encountered a large snake that covered the road, much to the horror of the cyclist. Also, the road is long, very bumpy and windy. This road is not the most comfortable to ride. In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't Go Over the Speed Limit," the road characteristics leading to Yosemite National Park greatly affect cyclists. On the way to the park, the cyclist encountered a large snake that covered the road, much to the horror of the cyclist. Also, the road is long, very bumpy and windy. This road is not the most comfortable to ride. Cyclists don't see any insight. The cyclist doesn't have much energy because he has no hope for him. The authors say, “…gain a lift while losing hope.” It ended up being hot and dry, leaving cyclists exhausted. He has no water, and because of the weather, he doesn't have the energy or desire to help him with his trip to Yosemite National Park.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the cyclist experienced several life-threatening times during his adventure. The first feature is that when he's in a desert with @NUM1 degree temptation, a bit of water he ignites tastes like battery acid. As he tried to move on, he lost hope and thought he was going to die. This affects him because when he loses hope, he sees things more negatively, thinking he won't make it, but he gains the agility to keep going. In this story, the environment has a big impact on the characters.
The setup is characterized by cyclists feeling frustrated, thirsty and confused. These traits frustrated him because he thought he was heading in the right direction.
The characteristics of the scene affect the cyclist because they lead to the climax of the story. An example of this would be, "I hit my water bottle a lot and I'm traveling through the high deserts of California." This line indicates that the author is in a very hot place, in the desert, but also indicates that his water supply is low. These two conditions are what cause the orgasm, which is the possibility that he could collapse due to heat stroke. That's why the function of the settings affects cyclists.
Certain features of the settings affect cyclists. In Joe Kurmaskie's article, he describes his experience riding in the desert. ''...to the first town''...it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town. ''At first cyclists were intrigued by the town, maybe a little bored with it, as the old 'codgers' told it was booming. Halfway through his journey, he said, "Sometimes life can be so cruel." The water was running out, he still had a long way to go, and until he got to the park, he felt as if it would never end. All he saw was a hill of nothingness beneath the searing son of his finite water. There are no buildings around cyclists. Ghost towns and a lack of shadows or solutions characterize the environment, making cyclists feel like fools taking advice from older adults.
I'll explain how a cyclist's environment affects him. The cyclist's environment affects him by getting very hot and drinking, and he quickly becomes dehydrated and dehydrated. In stories, for example, the cyclist will always bring up the little bit of water he has left, around articles where he talks about dehydration and even death he sees. Another example is the relief he had when he drank water from a sink. In conclusion, this is how the environment affects cyclists.
This paragraph tells how careful you should be on the road. This also talks about the things you have to pay attention to. There are many things that can happen. You have to be in control when you are on the road.
The settings feature in Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" affects cyclists in many ways. For example, it says "This place may have been a thriving little place before the last world war, and it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town." The phrase is talking about the town he arrived at while trying to get to Yosemite. This affects the cyclist because he starts riding with confidence, but the first town he arrives in looks like a ghost town, which makes his confidence a little lower than before. Just like when people travel, they feel good when they know where they are going, but once they get to a place they know they don't feel so confident. Another example was when he had to ride on rolling hills and then came across a "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit" sign. It affects the cyclist because then he gets frustrated and stressed because he rides all the way, not that he can't go any further, that's not where he wants to be. As such, the settings in Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed Published Speed Limit" feature affect cyclists.
The conditions a cyclist faces that affect his travel are all sorts of things that can really make your ride bad. Some conditions are very hot, which makes it hard to think fast, act fast and make good decisions, another is to lose gravel, which makes maneuvering difficult and you have to watch your speed. So he's not going anywhere in a hurry. There are also some small hills, which are uncomfortable and tiring. Besides that, he just came out of the water, which could mean dehydration again, or even heatstroke or overtiredness, another bad thing is that he's in the middle of nowhere, so he can't stop. Where we asked for a drink, there was nothing for miles. These things show how tough riding can be because of these conditions.
The environment is very hot and dry, like a desert. This environment affected him, making him very sweaty and hot. The fourth foray was very difficult for him, but he knew he had to keep going. The land is also barren, and it's all over the place. Even more clearly, the settings affected cyclists.
The setup affects cyclists as they return from cycling in California in June with no place to stop for a drink, it may be more enjoyable if the cyclist follows the route they intend to ride, he/she does not Will have to worry about heat stroke or lack of water and they will be fine.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. There are mountains, rocks, snakes, no buildings, and no people. Hills and rocks can make it harder to stay strong and keep riding. Abandoned buildings, without people, could affect his mood. This will make him lose hope and resolve to continue looking for a destination. He didn't think he'd get that after seeing a deserted town. After all, he did say, "It doesn't matter. I'm dying..." (Kulmarski).
The main feature of the environment that affects cyclists is that it is June and dessert fever. “…I might have a heat stroke on a nice day in June…” (kurmaskie @NUM1). This helps us understand how hot it will be in the middle of California's dessert in June. This took a toll on the cyclist because he was dehydrated and he was in a desolate place with no one to help him. Here's how June and the dessert craze affect cyclists.
The character of the scene greatly influenced the cyclists in this story. First, his water level was already low by the time he reached a road sign marked "Rough Road Ahead", but that made matters worse. The rough roads made it harder for him to pedal; as a result, he worked harder and was thirsty. Also, when he stopped at the grape juice factory in Old Welch, he noticed some pebbles on the ground and shoved them into his mouth. "I've read that sucking on a stone helps you get rid of your thirst by circulating the saliva you leave behind." In the end, "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp" may have saved cyclists' lives. He stopped there and finally had a well-deserved glass of water to address his dehydration and fears. Throughout his journey, the environment and function heavily influenced the cyclist.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the characteristics he sets affect the author's feelings. At the beginning of the article, the author is confident and happy, with a background of "a reservoir camp outside Lodi, California" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). It sounds like a great place to be refreshed and confident. Later on cycling, the author was negatively influenced by the barren areas he came to, saying: "The sight is disturbing" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Finally, when he arrived at a modern store, he was relieved because of the modern facilities when he said, "Then, as easy as turning a corner, my troubles, thirst and fear are all behind me" (Kurmaskie @NUM3 ). The area the author experienced had an impact
The characteristics of the setup can affect cyclists who don't ride as much anymore and don't know the best route. So they just go their old ways, thinking they're still better methods, but when they use them, they realize how tired and bad they are.
"At some point, tumbleweed crossed my path..." In a desert, with limited or no water, life can feel cruel. When he got to a point, the sun was going down and no water or shadow could be seen. It says "Rough up front @CAPS1; don't exceed posted speed limit." Had to scare people. He could only go so fast considering he was riding a bicycle. Those seniors may not have left their front porches since Carter took office. Yes, as the author said "The world is a fluid place. Things have changed." Considering how things have changed since @NUM1 (when Carter took office), these old folks probably don't have much of what they're talking about. The snake he encountered must be scary. Knowing that there are such creatures, there must be many more. Essentially, I think the environment is the main reason cyclists feel this way
As you can see from this photo, the cyclist is riding in a dry area, which could mean it's very habitable, and the cyclist looks like it's going downhill, and it looks like there's a lot of turns. Judging by the cyclist's body position, he appears to be doing his best to reach his destination. All of this can be stressful for the cyclist, he might be sweating a lot, or he might be so tired @MONTH1 didn't help him at all.
In @PERSON1's short story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit", a cyclist traverses extreme weather and rough terrain, nearly taking his life to his destination. After getting outdated instructions from some local elderly, the protagonist embarks on a journey to Yosemite National Park. Before long, the cyclist noticed something was wrong. The first "town" the local said he would find was deserted. Now, after his journey of 20 miles, the cyclist needs to replenish some of his water supply. The water pump there has a "battery sour smell". In the next town, NUM1 miles away, cyclists struggle to save water to get there. Even so, things could get worse. As he puts it, "June through the high deserts of California", "flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills." @CAPS1 told him not to exceed the speed limit of @NUM2 because he did "water consumption @NUM3 ". Ultimately, even with just a few sips of water, cyclists can find a place to rehydrate, knowing that now is the time for better days and better directions.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. When she was riding, it was very hot, which caused the cyclist to lose energy and become dehydrated. When cyclists experience terrain changes. The road turned into rolling hills. This causes cyclists to feel tired because your body gets tired after riding up and down. Since the weather is so hot, this causes cyclists to drink a lot of water. Eventually she ran out and became dehydrated. This whole situation means sticking to your original plan. If the cyclist did that, she wouldn't have to go through hardships.
Every new feature set in Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits" article affects cyclists in some way. In the text, for example, when the narrator says he must avoid a "ridiculous snake" from crossing the street, he learns more about his surroundings and almost forgets how thirsty he is until he finally puts up with it. A large reptile. Also in the text, there is renewed hope for the cyclist when "on a long and serious mountain a building comes into view". This hope allows the narrator to reach the old building because he embarks on a journey more tenaciously. Eighth, for better or worse, some features of the setup reach and affect the cyclist at every step of his journey.
Many features of a cyclist's harrowing journey affect his mind and body. When he first set out, the pine trees and the river made for a pleasant ride through the landscape. When he saw the corral and the rusted water pump, he became discouraged and began to notice his tiredness and thirst. When a cyclist encounters rough terrain with weeds and snakes, he becomes physically and mentally exhausted. He begins to doubt his own consciousness and worries that he @MONTH1 will not be able to complete the journey. Abandoned grape juice factories have also left the cyclists' mental state with great disappointment. When all hope seems to be gone, he finally encounters water and learns his unique (but very important) lesson.
The characteristics of the environment have an impact on cyclists. I know this because in the story, the cyclist who said he "would fall with a heat leak" was walking across the desert on @DATE1, following the instructions of three old "gentles" sitting on the porch.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. First, because he was in the desert, the heat of the desert left him severely dehydrated during the journey to various places. Also, rough roads and rolling hills brought the bike down to 12 mph, as that was the limit for high-speed driving for him. When he saw the fist build because his fist was revisited, but soon he lost all hope because it was dessert. Even the elderly who live in the area have an impact on the cyclist because the instructions they give him are outdated, almost @CAPS1 him. Because of this, he might have to rest in the short tent of an old man again. This is how the function of the settings affects cyclists.
First of all, its very hot and dry witch can easily dry a person. And the mountain is difficult to climb, so it is a challenge to get to the top. All I know is that if you are prone to heatstroke, lack of water will kill you.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set characteristics affect cyclists. At first, the cyclist thought the journey he was about to embark on would be a good one, but that soon changed. For example, "Never take travel advice from a group of seniors who haven't been on the porch since Carter took office." This quote tells how the cyclist initially thought his trip would be smooth, but got it from two seniors. information soon changed that. In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", the features of the setting affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist, as the desert-like temperatures and the terrain he has to ride on make him more prone to thirst and exhaustion. @MONTH1 heat can cause cyclists to dehydrate faster than usual. This is especially true in this case because he is short of water. Cyclists may pass out or suffer from heat stroke. Rolling hilly terrain can tire a cyclist faster than if he were still on a flat road. His muscles will start to soften and his body needs water and rest. If the settings are different, the story will change completely. If a cyclist rides on @DATE1 on a cold day of the year @NUM1, he has no chance of heatstroke. The likelihood of his dehydration will be greatly reduced. Scenes are very important in every story and can change everything.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Rough Road Ahead," the speaker rides a bike through rough terrain in sweltering heat, let alone a long trek. He had to go up and down hills and mountains by what he thought was a shortcut to his destination. With limited access to water, he constantly travels through ghost towns where the only water is boiling salty water, unfit for human consumption. Probably the worst setup feature on this guy since Welch's Grape Juice Factory (abandoned of course). Adding salt to the wound is "a sandblasted photo of a young boy who can still be seen pouring a glass of refreshing juice into his mouth" (kurmaskie @NUM1). For a narrator whose water supply is running low, the billboard is especially daunting on his journey.
Deserts, hills and road conditions and lack of water - all these are environmental impacts on cyclists. First, when the cyclist exclaimed, "I was in the high desert of California in June, he revealed that he was in the desert." That meant it was hot. Second, the hills and roads are in terrible condition. The cyclist revealed this when describing, "The flat road was replaced by short rolling hills", and Aid again wrote: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed the published speed limit. In the end, he thought he would stop on his way to fetch water. So he drank all the speed he wanted. Then he figured out the need to preserve it, but by then it was too late. These examples show that the cyclist's condition is more difficult than he expected.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The winding road could interfere with his cornering as he could veer into a far direction and fall off the bike and be seriously injured. Another feature that can affect cyclists is grass on the sides of the road. If he gets tired of taking shortcuts and getting into the grass, he could hit a rock and fall off the bike and get hurt. That's the function of the settings that can affect cyclists.
Where the bikers are is the California desert in mid-June. Because of the instructions he was given, he thought he would die at the end. "Never take travel advice from a bunch of old folks who haven't left the porch range because Carter is in office." That means never giving directions to someone who hasn't been to the place in a while.
The scene is a hot California desert where a cyclist gets stuck on his way to Yosemite National Park. These settings are difficult for cyclists. For example, he heard some old people take him in the wrong direction, which might kill him. His water was almost gone and his legs felt like they were about to break. However, all these troubles did affect his trust in the old locals. He learned that just because they are old and look smart, they may hold information that is older than the artefacts in the museum. Plus, he has a map of trust: he got a lot out of the trip.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, in a "ghost town" no one can ask for directions or just talk. Also, some of the pumped water from the pump tastes like "battery acid" and is likely to make some people sick. In addition, there are venomous snakes and other dangerous animals.
There are many "characteristics that affect the characters, such as water coming out, and the direction is not good. The narrator is ???, saying, "There are a few enticing sips in the water bottle container..." It is said that there is almost no water left, and he also Gotta keep going until he can find some water.
In this @ORGANIZATION1 I'll explain how the features of the settings affect cyclists. In the short story "The Rough Road," the entire ordeal takes place in "California's High Desert." @CAPS1 Text for cyclists taking "outdated" instructions from seniors who think their new way. Cyclist meets snake, ghost town ad stops factory. Most of the time cyclists pass by.
The setting in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" adds drama to the story through how it affects cyclists. He's traveling through "June California's High Desert." June is the hottest time of the year and the heat is multiplied because he is in the hottest desert area. The terrain turning into "short rolling hills" didn't help cyclists. Hills can make any ride more difficult. As any cyclist knows, going up a hill is more strenuous than on a flat pavement. Anyone will struggle to keep riding due to a lack of water. Most people have no hint of moving on. He didn't set an extraordinary goal, he just went to "The Next Horizon". Shouldn't he just want to move on. Another problem with the physical environment is road conditions. Travel becomes more difficult when the "Rough Road Affect" sign appears. Bicycle tires require more effort to navigate uneven surfaces, which is why cyclists have so much trouble.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the setting has serious implications for cyclists. Only a few sips of water left, he said ''...abandoned many years ago, by the looks of it, it used to be the @CAPS1 grape juice factory and bottling factory. A sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth can still be seen. I bowed my head. '' When only a few drops of water and seeing that would increase my thirst. Another way that this setting can wreak havoc on a cyclist is "The speed limit is 55 mph. I'm doing 12 mph on the water. It feels so brutal at times." This reminds him that he's not there in the car, and he didn't even hit half the speed limit. The setting affects the cyclist by reminding him how long his journey is and now he is suffering.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", setting up the bike made a big difference to him. One night, while he was resting, he had an in-depth conversation with several elders. Eventually they started talking about his journey, and the two gave him a shortcut. "But on that morning, it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town." When he got to the first town, he found it deserted, which affected cyclists because more water was needed eventually. As he continued, he fell asleep on the way. "After my first few arrests, a huge freeway sign jumped out at most: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed posted speed limit" This sign indicates that the road will be bumpy, which makes it more challenging to bike . So the setup is very important in this article as it has a lot to do with how the rider feels. Don't despair when an abandoned town begins to pray. He gets tired when the road is bumpy. He breathed a sigh of relief when he arrived at an actual running store.
The features that are set affect cyclists because they are just a brief preview of what the text will tell or who will be involved. The cyclist will give you the information you want and need to know, so the impact will be the time the feature finishes playing and no one will want to meet the cyclist.
In Joe kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set features affect cyclists. The context of a story is the context, place, and time of the story. In the story, cyclists need to go to @CAPS1 Park. He stopped and took instructions from a group of old men who were out of touch with the times, and the cyclist got lost. He faced drought, a snake, lost his way in the desert, and the cyclist said: "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, a snake that was ridiculously large - it did look like a diamond back - — blocked most of the sidewalk ahead of mine. I walked over easily, to
Cyclists chose the worst time to ride, an "early summer evening" in California. At this time, the sun was very hot, the water was scarce, and it was lost. It was the best choice he made. Cyclists should be prepared for conditions before traveling and check a map of the location before going anywhere.
The cyclist encountered a diamond-headed snake, out of water, in the middle of nowhere since Carter took office.
The characteristics of this particular environment have affected cyclists in many different ways. Arriving at the "ghost town" early, he was a little amused by the situation. But he quickly becomes very troubled when he realizes several rusty pumps and a flimsy corral, next to the crumbling shed. Cyclists also experienced some sarcasm as they approached the 55 mph speed limit sign and were warned to stick to it. On his bike, at 12 mph, he couldn't even get to 55 mph if he wanted to. Before getting to what looked like an abandoned Welch grape juice factory, the cyclist laughed again at the twisted pleasure. The text reads: "Here's a sad and desperate laugh, mind you, but at least I still have the energy to feel sorry for myself." @CAPS1, when he found a "fish camp" with a modern bathroom and working sink , his suffering is over. The cyclist's relief was so great that he "had an overwhelming urge to find Gary and Wilbur (the owner), (and) to kiss them.
The story is set in a cyclist who then takes the advice of an old man and chooses a faster route. The cyclist knew from the start that he shouldn't be giving his map. But thinking the old man knew the route, he took their advice. What cyclists should do is ask someone to ask and make sure the route works. But jumping where he wants to go has resulted in him being dehydrated and struggling more than he needs to. To be on the safe side, you should always think carefully before taking action.
The peculiarities of the environment affect the cyclist as he first does not know where he is going and then gets directions from people he is not sure about. It was hot, he was almost out of water, and he had no idea where he had snakes. He's running out of water. Without a song, he always thought he would never listen to the old man's instructions and he would stick to the future.
At first, when he got instructions from the old man, he thought he would be fine. When he got to the first town, he was tired and almost out of water, but still thought he would be in Yosemite soon. When he reached the pump in the middle of the desert, tired and thirsty, he realized that the instructions the old man had given him were out of date. He was really upset listening to them and not following his map. When he got to the fishing spot, he liked the water in the tank and other things so much that when the old man offered to give directions to Yosemite, he thought he would use his map. Throughout the story, cyclists need to go from confidence to depression to relive.
In the story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the settings seem to have a strong influence on the protagonist (the cyclist) when he pedals, for example, the whole dry desert environment makes him think he can do it without water To survive, he became dehydrated. The first town, @NUM1 degree watt could not meet his criteria. The old velches June factory, all closed down and no longer in business, is just like a desert, just a barren wasteland. While yes, the cyclist survived on the pedals, the desert environment was a big challenge for him.
This setup has many effects on cyclists. One characteristic is that the weather is getting hotter, which will eventually affect him. The line "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage." Indicates that the heat may be starting to affect him. Another feature is that he is in the desert and lacks water. The phrase "I hit my water bottle a lot" indicates that he drank a lot and was running out of water. Another feature was his ride in the high deserts of California in June. "I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June," the story says. Not only in June, but because he was in the desert, too, it added heat. No doubt he will be dehydrated. These are some of the many characteristics that affect cyclists.
This environment affects cyclists because it creates a deserted vibe and helps set the mood of the article. I think the mood of this post is a dry summer, "oh my gosh, it's really hot" kind of thing. The backdrop is a dry summer day in June, with a desolate town, tumbled weeds, and more, contributing to a sense of hopelessness. Although he was safe and not dead, judging from the lack of water, the scorching sun, and the distance, it seemed that he would definitely not be able to endure these conditions. So the setup affects the cyclist in a way that might kill him.
The peculiarities of the environment affect cyclists as the old guys have put on the next town, only 18 miles down the road. So these features affect reading the "don't exceed the posted speed limit" story, which is very dangerous and unsafe for people to ride.
This environment affects the cyclist because it is rough and has lots of hills, which means he has to work harder. Also due to the heat, he was dehydrated after a long ride by a cyclist, and it said "I relaxed in the past trying to balance in dehydration" (kurmaskie @NUM1). Cyclists travel long distances with little water
I think the way the function of the settings affects cyclists is to ignore. First, one reason is because at the beginning of the story, when the warning sign passes, the cyclist will go down the hill anyway and ignore it. Plus, it says it "goes into the morning with strong legs and a smile."
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist as he experiences many ups and downs. Somewhere around two hundred degrees, at one point it felt like black water was flowing through...the weather wasn't going to get cooler.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because they cause him to need water. He was exhausted because the environment was so stressful. "The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills" This sentence in the text suggests that the cyclist's terrain is changing and they are affecting him .
The features of the surrounding landscape can affect the cyclist's mind and body. First, the constant exposure of the sun to a cyclist causes his or her body to sweat more, which makes a person's body expend more energy. The sun's rays also increase the heat felt by the cyclist. Also, rough roads force the cyclist to pedal very hard, which drains him or her more energy. For example, the cyclist in "Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" has to pedal harder when he is driving on rough roads, which causes him to sweat more, causing him to have less energy. In the end, a lack of civility can make cyclists feel hopeless, which is how the cyclists in the article feel when they don't have water or see nearby towns. This affects the cyclist's willingness to keep pedaling, and if they don't have the determination, the cyclist won't go anywhere. The characteristics of the environment can make the cyclist physically exhausted and mentally stressed, making it more difficult for him or her to keep going
Snakes, heat, mountains - all of which cyclists have to deal with due to certain settings. He had to deal with the diamond back. He's going through the desert so it's like @NUM1 degrees. When he rides his bike, he has to climb serious hills. he has a compensation
In this story, the scene acts as a catalyst. It is the aspect of the story that always challenges the characters until the very end. In the story it says "flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This suggests that the terrain is the opposite of him. In the story it also says "The speed limit is 55. I was going 12 mph. Sometimes life can be cool." This shows not only how much the elements have on him, but also his risk, and Degree of satire on life. The ultimate @CAPS1 in this story is when he stumbles through the Welch grape juice factory with a Pitul a boy "pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth". Wherever the cyclist goes, he is always trying to overcome these elements.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, lack of water starts to affect how quickly he can get to the next town. Another example is that terrain will only slow him down more.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist, because it's hot, he'll use up the last bit of water, and because he's in the California desert, there's no one around. "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage..." (@NUM1.). This effort in testing backed up my earlier claims about how hot it was, as the speaker told us how he was sweating and he might be seeing a mirage. "No insights other than buildings, cars, or any structure of any kind" (@NUM2.). This shows that if he falls from heat stroke or something like that, there is no one around to help him. So the settings are affecting the cyclist's stamina.
The function of this setting affects cyclists by making the ride more difficult. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." "I might have a heat stroke on a nice June day." "A huge highway sign jumped out of the ATM." "Roughness ahead. Roads: Do not exceed the published speed limit." "Life can feel so brutal sometimes." The fact that the weather is so hot makes the ride seem longer. You get excited when you get out of the water. You will do anything to resist the heat.
Author Joe Kurmaskie learned about the dangers of the dead wilderness in the experience described in "Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits." As a cyclist, he rode in one of California's least developed regions, and the lack of water found in the conditions proved to have a severe impact on his survival. The trail he was directed to had been without town or fresh, drinkable water for days. The combination of constant movement across the terrain, lack of water and resources, California's summer weather and lack of civilization trained the author's energy, causing him to suffer from dehydration. Excessive exposure to these conditions could kill him. Modern time periods and years also make the author's instructions accurate, allowing cyclists to find themselves in such a dangerous part of the country. The "don't exceed the published speed limit" setting puts cyclists in a life-threatening situation.
A set of characteristics can be many different things. It could be snow and cold, rain, and of course wet, hot and dry, breezy and humid. These features may be busy rough or remote country roads, rough terrain or straight lines. A place setup puts real pressure on cyclists. In this article, a young cyclist takes advice from an old man and ends up riding his horse through scorching sun and ghost towns, not knowing if he will survive. The heat made him feel as if death had come upon him, and the thirst made him more determined to go to the next town in order to survive. If the characteristics of the environment were different, let's say he was riding on flat roads in a busy town, with breezes and places to stop for water, everywhere where he wouldn't worry about his life. The characteristics of the environment affect the way cyclists feel and think. He will feel angry, happy, sad or scared, and he will start thinking about his own death. These are the effects I think certain settings have on cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, the author said that "the flat road was replaced by short rolling hills", which made the author have to ride more safely. Also, when he said, "This insanely large snake blocked most of the sidewalk." The author had to slow down his bike and find a safe way around it so he could get past it. Finally, when the author says "see no one", no buildings, cars or structures, he is affected because he is lost, thirsty and unable to ask questions. The setup makes it difficult for the author to maneuver and get where he wants to go.
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists as cyclists get very tired legs and body and need a break after pedalling @NUM1 miles on the bike. It also affects the cyclist because he has to do all the riding effort to get where he wants to get, but he's a strong guy and he's willing to do his forty miles of riding. He was upset too, but he did it.
The function of the setting affects cyclists, "Rough road ahead: do not exceed published speed limit" as it goes to many different terrains. The cyclist started in a small town, then he decided to listen to a group of old people, and he went to Yosemite. He starts out strong until he reaches the first completely abandoned town. He continued on to another abandoned town. He decided to keep going until he saw a sign. The terrain is very different with rolling hills and billowing tumbleweeds and a snake. By listening to the old man, the cyclist nearly died from the horrific heat and lack of water. This environment affects the cyclist more than he thought.
In the story, the setting greatly affects the attitude of the cyclists. It was an early summer evening when he set off, and he was calm while talking to the old man. He started biking the next morning and he thought of Yosemite, relaxed and confident, but when he came across the dilapidated shacks, rusted pumps and corrals in the roadside park, he had no idea about the day attitudes have changed significantly. He was a little worried, but he wasn't discouraged. He was a little discouraged when the terrain changed. Then, when he came across the abandoned factory, he must have been discouraged. After a while, he met @PERSON1's fish camp, he was very relieved and thanked the owner very much. A cyclist's attitude changes depending on whether the setup is very favorable to him.
The characteristics of the environment have a great influence on the desperate trip of the weary cyclist. The sometimes-disappointing, sometimes uplifting landscapes he passes through can affect his mind and body as he passes a road that is nothing but "a crumbling shack, a few rusty pumps, and a corral..." The cyclist was running out of water when he was "doing a drain @NUM1" as he became more distracted on a road with a speed limit of 55 mph. The hot setting sun in June affected the cyclist, leaving him in a state of dehydration. In a "sarcastic twist", the cyclist's mood was affected as he passed an abandoned @ORGANIZATION1 factory. The factory has a photo of a boy pouring a glass of juice into his mouth, unsettling thirsty cyclists.
When reading "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speeding Limits", the characteristics of this setting have the greatest impact on cyclists. In the beginning, when the cyclist was just starting his cycling career, he used a positive tone to describe the environment. For example, in the fourth paragraph, he says "My name is written on the cool pines of Yosemite and the rushing river." When he says that, the reader imagines someone in ??? more excited? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? His destination was on a dry day. As cyclists' attitudes go lower, what connections do readers make? ? ?? And then because of the settings. In paragraph 13, when the cyclist says, "I wiped the oath from my eyes to make sure it's not a mirage, and don't get too excited", the reader can assume that the cyclist continues to be very serious as it is. Overall, as the environment became "scorching" and extremely hot, cyclists became more ironic and less hot due to lack of water. For example, when he talks about stones in his mouth, he says "with any luck, I'll hit a lump and get one stuck in my throat." This indicates a bad mood influenced by environmental characteristics.
The rougher the road, the more determined he was, and from start to finish, his mentality was, "It's okay to die," and it took a toll on him and it was hard to walk on. He realizes he doesn't want to die like that, so he moves on, eventually to civilization.
The character of the scene has a strong influence on the cyclist, as rough terrain is described, which means that the cyclist may have had a hard time halfway through the story as he describes it, "the flat road was replaced by the rough hills." He said this to describe the difficulty of the game. It also makes it look exciting because it changes things around it. It wouldn't be exciting if they said flat roads became flatter roads, or if they didn't show a change in terrain at all.
Rough road ahead: Do not exceed the posted speed limit. " Joe Kurmaskie wrote an article about a cyclist's journey to Yosemite National Park. So he listened to a bunch of old guys and ended up getting lost on rough roads without water, or relying on flat roads to be short Instead of rolling hills, large highway Lang jumped out to me. It read: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed published speed limit." Rough roads had to work harder and needed more water , just makes things harder than they are now.
Your environment settings always seem to affect your mood. Take a cycler as an example. His attitude was positive at first, but once he got to the first town, his attitude started to decline. He explained that the town might have been a thriving place at one point, “but on that morning, it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.” Ghost towns are very old, rundown and dull. This affects the cyclist because unlike the old man saying he becomes suspicious, which in turn doesn't give you the same motivation as he did when he started. Then, when he got to what was supposed to be water and "a oozing tar-like substance." It kept him from getting angry because he wasn't sure he would make it. But as soon as he saw the store, his attitude changed. The environment becomes positive, and so does he. So the settings do affect the mood and attitude of the cyclist.
Many setup functions affect cyclists. One of the characteristics of dessert, the environment, is dry air and high temperature. This heat forced the cyclists to keep going, and the author desperately said, "I was dying, and the bird world picked me up clean." The @CAPS1 setting features desolate towns without any water. This lack of water made it difficult for him to move on. The thirst was so bad that he had to put pebbles in his mouth to suck the stones to get the rest of your saliva to flow and help you quench your thirst. @CAPS1 The environmental feature that affects cyclists is the abandoned Welch grape factory. This factory gives a cyclist false hope because it's nice to have some grape juice in his thirsty state. The narrator calls the factory. "An ironic twist."
The effect of the environment on me is that there is only a little water to drink when cycling in hot weather because I will give up the water that I don't drink. The water must be hot. In the text it says "I relax and try to keep my balance in a dehydrated state" and if I'm dehydrated, I don't think I can last long. From the looks of it, I would die of heatstroke.
Many functions of this setting affect cyclists. For example, in the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the lack of water in the dry desert had long-term effects on cyclists. "Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt, and I became more and more aware that I could get heatstroke on a good June day just because I listened to some gentleman who hadn't left the porch for decades, and it made I laughed." This shows the reader how all the heat and lack of water can make a cyclist feel very hot and dehydrated and she could pass out at any moment. She's also thinking beyond that, just laughing at herself and trying to save every bit of energy she can. As a result, the cyclist suffers from a lack of water that gives her the humor and courage to keep going to reach her final destination.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. bumpy road. Sand in his eyes, the hot and humid weather made him thirsty. Maybe he was tired of pedalling and having to walk. A wild dog chased him into town. no money to buy wine
The cyclist in this story is greatly influenced by the heat of his surroundings. The heat of the day started to increase as he rode to @CAPS1. The text reads "I hit my water boots a lot." @CAPS2 In the heat of the day, cyclists consume a lot of water at a time. he
When a cyclist mentions how hot, dry and open the terrain is, it makes me think he's in the desert. I also knew it was hot because he was sweating and dehydrated.
The cyclist felt good at first, he was a little discouraged, but basically he was fine. "Yosemite's cool pines and rushing rivers have my name written on them" (@CAPS1). He feels relaxed because he has water and pine trees at home. They gave him a sense of comfort. He believes that after the first "tree" is less important, the others will be better. He knew he was capable of doing it, but he didn't yet know he had to travel long distances to get water. When he saw the sign, "It said: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed posted speed limit." He knew things were going to get tough because "The speed limit is 55 mph. I'm hitting 12 mph the rate of water consumption”. That's when he started to worry because he was lonelier outside and he realized he had no water. As he ran out of water, the landscape and his surroundings started to get drier. "Rolling weeds swept my path," he said. The landscape also seemed more menacing, "a ridiculous big shake." The landscape changes with the state of the water.
The environment affects the cyclist because the heat and inhumanity drive him so crazy. If he's in a place like @LOCATION2. It's just heat because everyone is @LOCATION2 @LOCATION2. If he was in @LOCATION1 it would be a severe drop in temperature, no humanity and he could die.
The characteristics of the environment a cyclist encounters does affect him. For example, the scene changes from an abandoned town to an empty circular field that has been neglected for three decades; making the cyclist less motivated to keep going, or even less powerful.
Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" tells how a cyclist follows instructions from an older man who doesn't properly tell him the way to Yosemite, so the cyclist ends up with little to no water be lost. Features of the scene like terrain and the sun affect the cyclists in the story. The summer sun was hot and there was no water, and it was hard for him to even move on because he was hot and thirsty. @PERSON2, "The sun is starting to set...I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The terrain on which it is driven is also rough. When out on a hot summer day, the sun and terrain can make a big difference for cyclists.
The scene features a taunting of cyclists with brutal sarcasm. As the cyclist continued on, he passed a ghost town, and then twenty miles down the road he saw a crumbling shack and some rusted water pumps. He tried to get the water out because he was running out of water, but all he got was silt, which he then described as "the water felt two hundred degrees, it smelled of battery acid. Further down there was a sign that said bumpy Road, and obeying the posted speed limit of 55 mph, he was going 12 mph. To make matters worse, he found an abandoned juice factory on the way, and he was out of water by then.
Don't exceed the posted speed limit, and never take travel advice from a bunch of old folks who haven't gotten out of porch range because Carter was in his office twenty miles away and I came to a fork in the road. Kneeling on my hands and knees, I pulled the handle of the irritated water pump with all my strength. The water bottle contained only a few sips of wine. He may or may be a sad person. He might just be a bum.
The functionality of this setting may affect this cyclist. In this case, it does affect cyclists. According to the text "Sometimes life can feel so cruel". It's a good example because he knows the road will be rough and he's only going 12 mph. So the characteristics of the setup do affect cyclists.
In this regard, the characteristics of the environment have a great influence on the cyclist. The hot weather left his mouth dry and dehydrated. With the stone in his mouth, he said, "I've read once that sucking a stone can help you get rid of your thirst and get the rest of your saliva to flow." He used it to help him through.
These features affect cyclists in a number of ways, one of which is the highway sign, "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit." The terrain is now short, rolling hills, which will make cyclists It is harder for a person to step up a mountain because it requires more effort and energy. Also, there are roadblocks, "at some point tumbleweed got in my way, an outrageously big snake" These roadblocks endanger the cyclist because he has to go around them, wasting time and energy, lead to drinking more water. No water was a big danger because it was June, a hot day, and he was at risk of dehydration. There's also no one around, so if he desperately needs water, he can't
After reading "Don't Exceed Posted Limits", I saw how a scene in a region can affect your mood and attitude toward things. In this story, the protagonist is a cyclist who follows the advice of several old men sitting high who tell him a bad shortcut. As he rode, he came across some hills. Those hills really took a toll on his body, and he was tired from constantly peddling it up and down. "That mood" is replaced by short, moving hills. "The cyclist couldn't help but tried everything without showing how long he had to keep going up and down. At one point he said, "@CAPS1 feels brutal. " There, he was frustrated because road signs appeared on the sour rough road and told him not to go over 55 mph when he was going 12 mph. This can also be seen as a metaphor. When you There is always a conscience when taking shortcuts because you decide to drop out of high school to continue your journal, where is always not working, where is crying without a diploma?? He got a job
In the short story, the "don't exceed the posted speed limit" setting affects the cyclists in the story. For example, the hot, dry air started to make him sweat slowly, making the cyclist lose all sanity, and the heat was playing tricks on his mind. Plus, the rolling hills made him exhausted on his bike. It was also linked to the heat factor, causing him to use up his much-needed water supply. The context of this story deeply influenced cyclists.
The features in the settings affect cyclists in many ways. His region had a major impact. He is in Cali. This is a great dessert. In the middle of some it was very hot. Cycling on a road without trees or any shade of dessert is very demanding. Cycling in places where there is not much civilization, where there is no access to water is a major problem.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists as there are venomous snakes outside. You are the only one riding alone on the mountain. The guy said the next town is @NUM1 miles from where he is. Lack of water, no streams or rivers around, just nothing in a desert.
The setting is midsummer in California in the desert. It was hot and humid and very dry. There is no water in his bag. He is traveling, on lost, rough and grim roads.
The peculiarities of the environment affected cyclists because it was a hot June day in the California desert. For example, you've been riding in the desert for hours, it's very hot, and you have limited water. This affects the author because you have to save water to send it to the park. Another example is when you're going up and down rolling hills and your legs are so tired they don't want to move anymore. The best example is when the sun is on you, you sweat a lot, @MONTH1 sees something, but all you want to do is see something with water. These are all things that affect cyclists a lot.
The cyclist in the story had a lot of problems with this story. For example, cyclists ride their bikes in the summer heat of California. After a few minutes, you will become thirsty. The cyclists brought water, but after the constant sweating, the water supply was almost used up. Not getting enough water can cause a person to become dehydrated, which can cause them to pass out and possibly die. As you can see, cyclists are influenced by the context of the story. He was negatively affected by heat and lack of water.
The characteristics of the settings can affect cyclists in a number of ways. For example, a cyclist in a very hot and dry place. That means no water can be seen anywhere for miles. Towns are also nowhere to be seen, as it is difficult to sustain life there. The phrase supports not many towns, "About forty miles on the pedals and I got to the first town." This shows that there aren't many towns in these areas, @CAPS1 As the text claims to be hot and thirsty, ''I used to Reading that sucking on a stone can help you get rid of thirst'' is a clear indication that the person is very thirsty. It also means that the person is thirsty. Also, @CAPS1 is so hot that the man can see visions as the text says, "because it looks like it used to be a grape juice factory and bottling plant." Why would there be a grape juice factory in the middle of nowhere. So, these statements above show how the settings affect the mind and body of the cyclist.
The environment that affects the cyclist is the road condition, as the road turns in all different ways, the road goes uphill, so it becomes more difficult for the cyclist to have @NUM1 miles of road before he gets to town where he can run out of water. If he runs out of water before he gets there, he may have to stop lest he get sick. When he gets to town, he can get more water.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, leaving him hot and thirsty most of the time. As he rode, he started to get tired slowly, he started to work and got more thirsty. At first he drank his water and didn't think much of it, but as he went on, he slowly found himself struggling to control it. When he arrived at the second wilderness town, he was thirsty and tired, thinking it might be a "death", so he wiped the sweat from the corners of his eyes and determined that it wasn't a mirage. The only time people see a mirage is when it's hot, tired, about to kill and drink. This is what a cyclist looks like after a long trek to Yosemite National Park guided by an old man.
Features of the scene include "no people in sight, no buildings, cars, or any structures that describe the path cyclists are taking. These features of the setting describe how cyclists are affected, as it details His doubts about his survival.
Many functions of this setting affect cyclists. The speed limit sign made him feel that life was cruel. The first sight of Welch's juice factory made him excited. He was troubled by a desolate fork in the road. When he finally got there, he felt relieved. These are examples of environmental features that influence cyclists.
Many features of this setup greatly affect the cyclist and his performance. For example, a cyclist is traversing a very hot area in California. This says at the end of the @NUM1 paragraph: "I traveled through the high deserts of California in June." California's high deserts are windy, sandy, dry and hot. Something no one should ride a bike, if there is an environment, tell the mountains of California that the wither will be hot, hot, or tiring, because the mountains are a cool but dry place. If I've ever ridden a bike, I'd rather cycle in a different environment, like in the mountains, than in an arid desert. That way I don't have to put up with the discomfort experienced by cyclists.
The feature settings in the story "Do not exceed the published speed limit" are very important for cyclists. In this story, the scene really affects cyclists because it's located in California, which is a very hot place in the summer. Cyclists had problems due to the weather and lack of water. He had to save it due to lack of water, which slowed him down because he couldn't ride as much. Despite the cool winds and rivers in Yosemite, he had to go down quickly, so he had more problems. That's why the setting of the story really affects the cyclist and how much he can ride.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit", the characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in many ways. In this story it tells how this guy peddles 20 miles here, 40 miles there, it's hot outside, he only has so much water, he doesn't think he's going to be where he's going because it doesn't say he Need more water. As the narrator, "I crossed the high deserts of California in June," which is extremely out of California in June. The hot desert weather made him sick of water, and he was in the middle of nowhere, with no buildings around him, giving him no hope of surviving. The presence of snakes in the desert presents him with danger, and the rough roads make it harder for him to get somewhere. "I started pulling the ride as far as I could see on the horizon, telling myself I'd be fine if I could get it to be treated well." This quote shows his struggles because of the area he's in, and his persistence. In this article, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists.
Many features of a cyclist's surroundings affect his speed and confidence. He was the only one on the road. There are no other cars, bicycles, motorcycles, or even buildings. Like he was in the country. So it makes him want to go faster because he won't hit anything. The fact that he was alone in the wide open space raised his energy levels and made him feel more confident.
To ride well, you have to have a good environment. For me, a good environment would be @NUM1° outdoors and sunny. You can't ride a bike in snow because it's impossible for the tires to move in the snow. You can't go in the rain or hail because the roads are slippery and you could have an accident that could injure or kill you. If the sun is shining outside, you can ride freely on the dry road, the breeze is blowing through your hair, and you can be refreshed. That's why I think a bike-friendly environment is important.
The story takes place in a hot June desert and the character is a cyclist trying to get to a national park. This environment affects cyclists because the hotter the weather, the more water you need to stay hydrated, but this guy is alone in the desert. The phrase "I got to pedal about forty miles as my first 'town'. This place could have been a thriving little place". This quote shows how desolate the desert is and how when he rides there is no one around, no place to hydrate, no place to get him alone.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Don't exceed the published speed limit," this setting greatly affects cyclists. In this story, the cyclist is heading to Yosemite National Park, which he thinks is wise, and he accepts instructions from a group of eccentric old men. He started his journey confidently with flat terrain and plenty of water. The first of three promised towns has already been treated as a ghost town. The second only provides water that is somewhat like battery acid. Cyclists were quickly exhausted by lack of water and had to traverse what is now hilly terrain. He barely made it to the third town before realizing that the juice factory had gone out of business. When a cyclist stumbles across a bait shop, he's convinced he's going to die from lack of water. If it wasn't so hot, if the "towns" along the way provided better resources, and if the terrain wasn't so hilly, cyclists would have had a very good ride. All of the above setup factors greatly affect cyclists.
Heat, terrain, remoteness—all of these are environmental characteristics that affect cyclists. First, the California heat makes cyclists thirsty and nearly dehydrated. There is no place to stop for water, if any, the water is dirty and hot. Second, the different types of terrain make cyclists very thirsty and tired too. Finally, cyclists are in the middle of nowhere. He couldn't get water to rehydrate or sit and rest.
The environment for cyclists is difficult and dangerous. He has very little water and the terrain in his area is rough. "I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June" (@NUM1). He's dehydrated and he still has a long way to go. I did a couple of miles of bike rides at @LOCATION2 but we didn't have water because we couldn't rest. The terrain is tough, like the author's terrain. The camel he was on was affecting his brain and he just wanted to get over it. I'm glad I didn't have to ride my bike on that terrain.
In June, cyclists in "Do Not Exceed Published Speeds @CAPS1" ride their horses through dessert in California. This dry, bare environment makes it impossible to find any source of water. The only time the cyclist found water was at @NUM1 and tasting battery acid. For miles around, he had nowhere to find water. The lack of water and the heat made his journey slow and tired. He even said he could only go 12 mph in a 55 mph zone. Cyclists follow the old man's advice and take "shortcuts" through ghost towns without water. This "shortcut" extended his trip, probably by several hours. If he goes through densely populated areas, even though it's a longer road, more water to drink will make him go faster. The dry, hot conditions of the old man's "shortcut" allowed the cyclist to travel much longer than the nessirry.
When the man started riding the bike, he thought it would be an easy ride. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, he says "Things started well. I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face." As he walked further, he realized he was in the wilderness among. The landscape is getting more and more empty. In the end there is nothing. The scenery dashed his hopes of escaping the desert. For example: In the @NUM2 segment, it says, "A large highway sign jumped off me. It said: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed posted speed limit." He realized it would be hard. He had to navigate rough roads and pass snakes without being bitten. Being abandoned, the landscape gives a sense of hopelessness. When he saw the bait shop, his spirits lifted and he was now full of hope and relief.
When the cyclist started his journey, he was confident of success. Throughout the story, however, cyclists' success on the road has experienced many conflicts. The cyclist encountered his first difficulty after arriving in an abandoned town. "I hit my water bottle a lot and I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June" (kurmaskie @NUM1). The cyclist realizes he's not conserving water and has "just a few tantalizing sips in his water bottle" (kurmaskie @NUM1). Aside from his water issues, the heat is incredible. He lost moisture from all the sweat, and it did so quickly. Cyclists are also dealing with tough roads. The cyclist has been through a lot on his journey, but he's determined to complete his journey, and once he's overcome, he's filled with satisfaction.
The function of this setting has an impact on cyclists. The first thing was to listen to the old man, who didn't seem to know how far, how long or what the road was like they were taking him to. The other thing that affected him was the road conditions, there were tumbleweeds, and there was an outrageously large snake. The second thing that comes into play is the hot weather that causes dehydration to come into play.
A major feature of the environment that affects cyclists is the heat of the day. If you ride your bike in hot weather, you will use up a lot of water. Another factor is the limited water supply. The last factor is misdirection by the elderly. Older people aren't always wrong, it's their message. Can be out of date.
The character of the scene in the article affected the cyclist because as he rode his bike through California, he entered a hot desert with little water left. A cyclist who is very dehydrated while riding a bike is looking for water or any drinkable item that can successfully get rid of dehydration. After a while, the cyclist found himself in the desert alone, with no one in sight. An example of this is "no people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind. Another example of how a cyclist struggles and fights dehydration is "I have a circle of dry sweat around my shirt. , I'm getting more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June, just because I've listened to some of the gentlemen who've been out of their porches for decades, suggesting this How the setting of the article greatly affects cyclists.
During the author's ride to Yosemite, he didn't have the right tools to drive along the long desert he was going to face, and by tools I mean water. The California desert is very hot, and it could be potentially dangerous based on how the author describes the lack of water affecting his situation. He describes it with sentences like "rattle around my deteriorating brain-dried hive." The author is obviously unable to face the extreme heat of the extreme water shortage. The author was brushed by @LOCATION2 desert snakes and tumbleweeds. The author is clearly battling @LOCATION2 desert fever.
Setup and functionality are very important for cyclists as water and food trials may carry water bottles and snacks, but they need to know where they are going and if they need to bring extras. In the story I just read, he didn't bring enough to support him, so he got some instructions, but they were bad, so he was in trouble. It's important that cyclists know where they're going and what's around them so they don't get lost and have no access to food or water.
The character of the setting affected the cyclist as he was in the desert in June, it was very hot and dry, and there were no trees around, so there was no shade for him to relax, so the sun was on his back. There were also many mountains It takes his strength to jump, for example it says "over a long and serious mountain". There's also a wildly big twist to his approach. He even saw a snake. All these things make him very tired, like he doesn't have much water, the sun makes him hot and dehydrated. There was no shade, so he had to endure the sun on his back. He has to jump over hills, which consumes a lot of energy. He had to ride up a long mountain, which also made him very tired. All these things happened one after the other and didn't give him a break, so he was really tired.
In the story, it explains the beauty of the night, as well as being outdoors and how it affected his travels. The character of the environment influences cyclists as the environment is mild and sounds warm and calm. It also shows us how it is contained. The setup is similar to a cyclist. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
The cyclist was in California in June, with the sun shining on him, making it difficult to ride, and water shortages The man encountered several abandoned towns that cut his water supply. The terrain was long and straight, then turned into a difficult mountain to ride.
How do the characteristics of the set affect cyclists are road conditions, rolling hills and? hot. The road conditions in the setup can affect cyclists because the roads are rough. An example company texting was "I noticed the terrain was changing. Flat roads were being replaced by short rally hills. These conditions were difficult for a cyclist, which challenged him. The rolling hills made He regrets staying on the road, which can easily become tricky and challenging, so the heat and sun also have an effect on cyclists. @CAPS1 an example." I smiled, checked my water supply, and continued go ahead. The sun is starting to get hot, but I'm barely there? ? ? . Didn't the sun start getting him? ? sharp? ? When will it start getting ????? ? It is high desert. I came to the conclusion that these features in the scene affected the cyclist in many ways, but he kept pushing himself to do more.
In settings that don't exceed the posted speed limit, the bike is really fast on rough roads.
The cyclist suffered a bit on his journey. One of them is his hill, which is a problem as it consumes most of his energy and slows him down. The other is water, lack of water. If there is energy water, he will get a motivation to keep him going.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set characteristics affect cyclists. First, the cyclist has been riding his bike through the "high desert of California," implying that the temperatures are hot and dry, so he must be constantly thirsty and exhausted by the sun. Second, he started cycling on the hills, and as a matter of common sense, cycling, especially going up hills, is difficult and tiring. These hills combined with the lack of water must have exhausted him and made it difficult for him to do it without much water. As you know, the difference in settings is crucial for cyclists and their precious water supply.
This setting affects the cyclist as he cannot handle the heat. His water supply is normal and he is dehydrated. When the character says it, it says so. "There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. Wings of sweat swirled around my shirt and I became more and more aware that I might have a stroke in the head" which is to say he was afraid until he found more water He might pass out and die.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. The first place he arrives is a "ghost town," then he reaches a water pump about twenty miles away. The water was hot and tasted terrible. The text says, "...water was around two hundred degrees...when I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid. Then he had to travel without water and get dehydrated. On the hills and down, he Think he started imagining a building that would provide him with water. The building was there, but it was abandoned. He decided he was going to go for a few pebbles like this. The text says: "I once read that sucking a stone helps Keep your mind away from longing..."
It's my heat, so cyclists are very dehydrated, tired and dehydrated. "I checked my water supply and it's heated" is a good example. There's still a lot of sadness and desolation, no cars around, and cyclists hoping to find civilization. Didn't see any buildings either, which was very difficult for the rider when he saw it abandoned. Another incident that affected him was when his @CAPS1 pump contained tar, dirt and hot water. The road also had an effect on him. I know the house and he said "if I can get to the next horizon/hill I'll be fine". This is how I know the environment and features in the environment are affecting the mind and body of a cyclist.
Heat, loneliness, no water—all of these are reasons for environmental characteristics that affect cyclists. Cyclists get hot when they ride. This makes cyclists worry about dehydration. The cyclist is alone and can't see anything. If something happens to him, no one can help him. Cyclists have very little water and must conserve it to stay active and energized. There is very little water and it is difficult to stay hydrated. Heat, loneliness, no water—all of these are environmental characteristics that affect cyclists.
The terrain a cyclist rides on has a big impact on them. The first example was when they were riding on a mountain, which was more difficult for them. For example, the rider in the story was always disappointed when he saw that he was going to have to ride on the mountain. Another thing that affects cyclists is the smoothness of the road they ride on. In the story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the protagonist comes to a place where the road is rough and is disappointed and doesn't want to ride it. Another aspect that can affect cyclists is heat. Several times in the story, the cyclist said he was tired and dehydrated, and once he thought he was going to die of heatstroke. These are how a rider's environment affects him/her.
The settings in the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits" have a major impact on cyclists. The scene is "California's High Desert," and it's June and it's very hot. The cycling paths suggested by some seniors make the heat worse because no people or water are in sight. In the article, the cyclist started the day with confidence and excitement about riding to Yosemite National Park. His mood changes throughout the day as he arrives at a "ghost town" after mile @NUM1 where the old man convinces him it will be a settled town where he can get more supplies soon Rising to "200 degrees," the cyclist starts to run out of water, feeling "sometimes life can feel so cruel." The heat and lack of people and water cause the cyclist to despair and make him feel like he's saying "I'm going to die." .” The context of the cyclist’s journey provides an emotion of despair and amplifies the cyclist’s sense of determination to keep going at all costs, because if he dies, he will die. Stopped. The author @PERSON1 uses the setting of the article to help convey his message that blindly trusting others instead of yourself, things can end up overwhelming for you.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the cyclist saw many different settings as they left, it was early summer and it was hot outside. He rode till morning, when would he get tired. The first town he arrives is a ghost town, which means he can rest and get his supplies. He then arrives by cool pines and a rushing river, which probably makes him feel relaxed. Then he appears in a rickety shed with a few rusted pumps and a Carol that can't even fit the crappiest of things. Someone with access control made him feel out of place, and the pump didn't give him water, so no one gave him any pointers. Then he rode through the California desert in June, and witches may have left him even more lost.
Cyclists should not follow the advice of the elderly. Maps will be safer and easier. People always seem to be looking for shortcuts, myself included. He may have died from heat stroke and dehydration. Although he never gave up, he did have perseverance and that's what saved him. In that case, I would give up.
When cycling, it's important to educate yourself about the type of terrain, make sure of the weather, make sure of the environment, and most importantly, make sure of your resources. These things are key before going on any bike tour. They are very important in determining the type of trip you will have and a pleasant and easy trip, or a long and miserable trip.
The features of this setup affect the cyclist by driving very far where he is going. For example, "About forty miles on the pedals and I got to the first town." Luckily he's drinking water, or who knows if he'll survive. I think the biggest mistake was that he asked for directions from someone who may have never been on the road. When he asked the man, he saw a sign that read Rough road Ahead: "Don't go over, that was the moment I felt sorry for him, and that was probably a valid characteristic of what happened to him."
In @PERSON1's story "Rough Road Ahead Don't Go Faster Than Posted Speed", the setting of the story affects the rider in many ways. The first and most obvious is the temperature, it is hot so the rider is hot and dehydration makes him thirsty. The second way the setting affects the rider is that there is nothing around him. With nothing around him, he had nowhere to get water, which added to the effects of dehydration, making him even more thirsty. "A running shed, a couple of rusty pumps, a corral that couldn't hold a lame beckoned me," said the rider." This statement by the author supports the fact that there is nothing around. Another feature that affects the rider's environment is Hills. Hills tire the rider, require more pedals and exhaust him. From heat and dehydration to hills and energy, setup characteristics have a big impact on the rider. The setup did not have a positive effect on the rider.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the setting affects cyclists. It was a hot June day and he was running out of water. He got these old men in the wrong direction, so he rode the bike longer than he had to, and he needed water to pedal all the way. Since he had gone the wrong way, there was no building for him to fetch water, and no one, so he couldn't communicate and no one called for help in case he was overheated.
In the story, the rider faces several gloomy spots. For example, the "ghost town" he encountered in the first place really weighed on him because he had no one to ask for further directions or a place to freshen up. Further down, the hill he encountered was the physical barrier he had to cross. The sun was shining on his back, the road was empty, and he might have begun to want to turn back. He persevered and that's how he succeeded. The lack of water also made him miserable. The trip with him running out of water and starting to feel sick wasn't going well for him.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in a negative way. For example, at about two hundred degrees, there is a tar-like substance seeping out, and then there is a feeling of salt water. "It affects him because water cannot be drawn from a well. So that means he needs water, but can't. In the article it is also said that the terrain is not good, which means the cyclist has to pedal harder to continue Going forward, he has to work harder to put out the heat. So it all affects everything around him. The old abandoned factory where the boy drinks juice is the one that has the biggest impact on the cyclist because he's so thirsty, that's when He was about to give up. Having set a lot on this post, he thought he might be affected by dead cyclists.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit", the setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. The speaker told us he rode his bike in the desert in June. This shows that the author may be hot. The author told us that the road became hilly and bumpy. This will make it more difficult for the author as he has to use more energy to get up the mountain. In the end, the cyclist told us that the "town" he came from was abandoned and uncared for. This is not good for the cyclist as he can fetch water on the go.
@CAPS1 is affected in many ways. The main thing that affects him is lack of water. Throughout the story, he mentions the lack of water. He also went on to say to himself that he shouldn't have gone that route. For example, "I could have a heat stroke on a good June day because I listened to some gentlemen who hadn't been off the porch in decades and made me laugh." @CAPS1 on the older gentleman throughout the story .
The setting affects the cyclist very much, and now he feels it. If his environment is not good, then he is likely to be in a bad mood. Emotions are greatly influenced by the general environment. In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", cyclists have a lot of confidence in themselves, and this environment helps build that confidence and confidence.
The setting characteristics of the article have a great influence on the author. Hills, no water on a hot day, or nearby towns are really rough especially if you've ridden more than @NUM1 miles. The June hot weather conditions near the dessert area can cause serious problems, such as heat stroke, and cause a lot of fear in the author as he has no water to drink and dehydration. The background of the paper and the circumstances of the author are very dangerous, but fortunately he survived.
Yesterday, the cyclist went completely downhill within the time it took to reach his destination town settlement. The situation in hand, sooner, already has its own body.
In the short story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the setting greatly affects cyclists. For example. At the beginning of the story, cyclists are eager to go to Yosemite National Park. He listened to the advice of seniors who hadn't left his home since Carter took office," and quickly realized he shouldn't have. The author describes the setting of the first "town" as "the traditional definition of a ghost town" "It didn't bother cyclists as much as his next sight. "A crumbling shed, a couple of rusted water pumps, and a corral that couldn't hold the biggest mules. ' Met him there. The cyclist said, 'It's a disturbing sight. " It's clear that cyclists have given up hope," he said. "It doesn't matter. I'm dying and the birds will pick me up. " This short story shows how anything can make the best travelers fear for their survival.
I think the characteristics of the set affect cyclists because cyclists' knowledge is a limited example, "the old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office", which means it's time for seniors to relax and watch young people.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist because the place where he rides is very dry and hot. He can handle the heat with a good water supply, but when the water runs out, he starts to lose his way. For example, he wrote in the article: "On a long, broken hill, a building came into view. I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage." The phrase suggests cycling The man was hot, the images around him made him feel hotter than he actually was, and the lack of water made him almost believe he was imagining seeing a building. Another example is "a sandblasted photo of a young boy still seen pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth. I put my head down." This sentence shows the cyclist's complete despair as he looks at the photo and hangs his head . This shows that the cyclist is constantly reminded that he is hot and thirsty wherever he goes, and that he cannot drink water. This is how the function of the settings affects cyclists.
The settings in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" greatly affected the cyclists in the story. “Within less than two miles of response on the next ride, I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills” (kurmaskie). Cyclists traverse hot, dry California in mid-June with little water left. He now has to go up and down short hills, which will make him even more tired because going up hills requires more energy than riding on flats. This energy, loss, plus the cyclist's lack of water makes him more miserable. The context of this story greatly influenced cyclists.
The characteristics of the set can affect the mood and behavior of the cyclist. First, the cyclist believes the shortcut will help him get to Yosemite faster, then he believes it won't. Next, the harsh sun and poor terrain and lack of water caused the cyclist to give up hope of heading to Yosemite and make him reconsider his judgment and take advice from others.
This setting affects cyclists in harsh ways. At first the cyclist was nice and strong, but after the first "ghost town" he became weak. Then cyclists have to face some problems. Such as his water shortage. Also, he faced bumpy roads. In the end, he encountered snakes and abandonment, and the cyclist had to face many obstacles, but in the end he survived.
For these reasons, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. It reads "A crumbling shack, a couple of rusted water pumps, and a coral that can't hold on to a lame mule greets me. It's a disturbing sight." The show shows how these traits can affect cycling people, because he said the sight was disturbing. It bothers him because he wants water, he sees rusty pumps reminds him of water but he knows they don't have water, or are dirty
The condition of the environment and roads can have a significant impact on cyclists. For example, if someone is riding a bike on flat ground in warm weather, it doesn't take a lot of determination to pedal. On the other hand, if it's hot and rough and hilly, the cyclist will shed hair, and it will take more effort to get up the hill. These five environmental conditions greatly affect cyclists.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit," cyclists are forced to face the rough California desert on their way to Yosemite National Park. Like all deserts, the sun is as hot as the sand. There is no water everywhere, and dangerous, poisonous creatures are plentiful. The lack of water nearly gave him heatstroke as he was determined to get out of the desert on his bike alone. A juicer taunted him, mocked him, but he kept going, steady pace. The desert roads are rough and his poor 12 mph speed gets him almost nowhere. Until, finally, he reaches a modern area and drinks from the bathroom sink.
In the story, the environment plays an important role in influencing the cyclist. Sometimes the terrain is very hard with such big hills and windy rips. Also, there is no one around. No house, building, or person makes him fall alone, and he will die. The author describes the terrain in part of the story: "On a long hillside, a building comes into view! This sentence shows that the hill in the scene is very large and impenetrable. It also shows the Importance and how excited he was to see it. In the story, the author describes a number of features in the scene that greatly affect the cyclist.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist, and from this man began to put him in an unwelcome place, taking the advice of many elderly people who did not even know the area. So cycling through this man seems lost and he tries to follow their advice but encounters a lot of unknown and unwanted territory. He started out fine, then went down a "hard road", even saying "life can feel so cruel sometimes". Then he came to this big snake in the middle of the road, and he had to ride slowly over this thing that took up most of the road. Catching up with these things is very powerful and tough for this young man.
The dessert setting has had a huge impact on cyclists. He regularly drinks his water and it runs out. Didn't realise, they wouldn't refill because the pump only delivered a "tar-like substance," the text said. As dehydration begins to hit the poor man. One effect of dehydration is poor balance, which is useful for the "ridiculous serpent" seen through him. The final effect will be a mirage, possibly losing your judgment. The man double-checked his eyes when he saw the building, "[wiped] the sweat off [his] eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage," shortcutting through all the toughest dessert obstacles the character could take and taking Dessert's calories, dehydration and animals survived.
I think the feature in the story setting "Don't Exceed the Speed Limit," by Joe Kurmaskie, has a big impact on cyclists. Some of the implied information is that it's hot outside and the town doesn't help him . I know it's not because the text says "Somewhere around @NUM1 degrees. "That means it's hot outside. I can tell the town isn't helping him because the text says, "Never take travel advice from old folks who haven't been out of porch confines since Carter took office." "It shows that the people in the town are not helping him. Some of the message in this text is that the road is rough and there are vibrations in his path. I know this is expressed because it tells you in the text." Ahead Rough roads: Do not exceed the posted speed limit. "It just tells you there's a rough road. You know there's shaking because the text says," and the ridiculously large snake blocks most of the road. I think there's a lot of implicit message "don't go over the speed limit" in the story.
The characteristics of the environment have a greater impact on the cyclist, almost leading to a very serious situation. Cyclist in the desert. Like terria, there is no sparse population on his trail, fresh water supplies are scarce, and temperatures are more extreme. A cyclist is prone to heat stroke due to lack of water and overheating and the work he is doing. If the area were more populated, he would have more opportunity to stock up on water, greatly reducing his risk of heat stroke. And snakes that are dangerous to him, if he keeps biting, he will be at least @NUM1 miles away from the closet help that can prove to be a fetus. If the environment is, say, an urban park, in a densely populated countryside, then such an environment can cause drastic losses and dangers for cyclists.
The conditions and characteristics of the environment made the cyclist feel tired and dehydrated and thought he would die from it. For example, it says "and is increasingly aware that I may have heat stroke on Georges Day in June". Also, he thinks he's dehydrating when he says "I'm consuming water at 12 mph. Life can be so brutal sometimes". All in all, the cyclist started the sport without enough water, which made him think he was going to die of heatstroke or dehydration.
This setting affects the cyclist because he is in a place where there is no water. Cyclists must cycle over @NUM1 miles to get to Yosemite. "I hit my water bottle a lot." This line indicates that he's just starting to flow. "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle." This quote shows how he really has nothing to drink. Cycling over @NUM1 miles in the high deserts of California without water is not a good @CAPS1 unless you have a car.
In this post, the scene is related to a cyclist as he is riding in the desert with batey tay water. He pedals in the dry heat, it's hard even if you have water, and there are deadly snakes in the mountains. Not having those things is dangerous enough. So I would listen to cyclists, never old people.
On the way to Yosemite National Park on his bike, he encountered a lot of difficulties due to the surroundings and the advice of the elderly. Cyclists riding their bikes in the California desert in mid-June is not a good thing, increasing cyclists' dehydration in the first place. On his first visit he encountered "a crumbling shed, a few rusted water pumps, and a corral that couldn't hold a grieving mule". From the description of his despotism, it seems that he could almost stranded him alone in a ghost town. He described the terrain in terms of "short, rolling hills" and "crossing a long, severe hill." This shows some of the obstacles he has to go through on his bike to get to Yosemite National Park. He @CAPS1 realized that once he encountered these terrain features, he was off track and needed to call for help. After surviving his surroundings, @CAPS1 will be helped in a real camp whenever he can. This is how the context of the story plays out in the cycling epidemic.
"Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit" is an inspiring and almost humorous article that takes readers on a journey through the everyday life of cyxlist. In this story, the author struggles with dehydration as he tries to take the "old-timer" shortcut to a national park, and the setting of the story greatly influences cyclists and readers' sympathy for him. Halfway through the article, the cyclist has gone about @NUM1 miles; this is crazy. The fact that he crossed the California desert in June is even more incredible. The first time he mentioned the scene, he said he was in a ghost town, two sentences after he said the sun was going down. At that time, he really didn't feel bad. Another description of the environment that may have affected his ability to sell is when he says "flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills". He's dehydrated and has come this far, and the rough road probably won't help him much on his journey. The setting basically makes up the story. If he wasn't peddling in the desert, it would have been just another trip of his life. The setup allows readers to see what cyclists really experience.
The function of this setting has a big impact on cyclists. This is because the roads are in poor condition and he has to travel long distances in bad weather. This will affect him as he may become dehydrated. In conclusion, there are many things in the environment that affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment will affect the cyclist because if they are not hills and rough roads, he will be able to get to Yosemite park faster and he will not run out of water.
This setting is the main effect on cyclists. He said it was hot and he got lost. The cyclist didn't know where he was going, it was hot outside. He seemed nervous and it only made him worse. He was thirsty from all the riding and the heat, so he tried to get water from the pump. The water inside was horrible. He calls it a "substance" that smells like battery acid. "If he's not lost, if it's cool outside, he'll drink water, he'll be less depressed. The setup of a hot and lost place has a huge impact on cyclists.
In my opinion, the characteristics of a sale affect cyclists in many ways. For example, when he talked about the change in terrain from a long road to a sliced Winday One and speed limits, he said. He's doing a water-guzzling @NUM1 fuier sand, as if he's sad, or doesn't want to be there.
Cyclists can be affected due to the characteristics of the environment, including hot summer weather, cyclists' ignorance of the area, and the California desert. In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Don't Go Over the Set Speed Limit," the cyclist is traversing a hot desert in June when he realizes he's running out of water, "I'm constantly hitting my water bottle, I'm Across the High Desert of California in June" (Kurmaskie). This is affecting the cyclist as he gets very hot and has a low water supply. The cyclist also realised he shouldn't get directions from the old man, and said to himself, "...more and more people realise I might be getting heat stroke on a nice day in June ” (Kurmaskie). This sentence proves that the heat of the desert is taking its toll on him.
The context of this story has a big impact on cyclists. I think this setup should be most like a shabby outdated town that doesn't help him when he gets lost. This town is outdated and hot. This brings up another problem, the cyclist is dehydrating because he doesn't have enough water. He would hiccup and see things that weren't there. He became very tired under the hot sun. So the settling in this short story affects cyclists in many ways.
The function of this setting affects the cyclist because he is in a situation where there is no water. If a cyclist could have more water to travel, he would be fine. Due to the hot environment he was in, he ran out of water, so he did not take part in his journey. Cyclists make such a statement. I hit my water bottle a lot and I'm going through the high deserts of California in June". The cyclist said because it was so hot where he was, he had to drink water regularly so he could stay energized throughout the trip It was also said that in the mountains with less air and hotter weather, his performance during the trip was not as good as he thought.
It's hard for cyclists to get to @LOCATION1 by bike. If you ride the bike easily on flat muddy terrain, it gets tougher when you get to rolling hills. The cyclist said: “I noticed a change in the terrain. The flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills. It was also hot. He was sweating and dehydrated,” I once read that smoking stones helped eliminate the mouth thirsty. " He's still eighteen miles to the next town, but there's not much water. The first abandoned town didn't have any drinkable water. It's very difficult to ride a bike in these conditions and always be prepared and know you're going where is important.
Cyclists have to endure ruff trein and bad road conditions and lack of water is ??? no help prodlem nearby. At one point he might have a heat stroke, and then his hopes were pinned on an abandoned factory.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Do Not Exceed Speed @CAPS1," the imagery makes cyclists flinch. The searing dessert and plant life gave him a sense of isolation that scared him. Since the cyclist is in dessert, he has been worried about his water and heat stroke, just like he is in the rainforest, he doesn't worry about water or heat. I think he just got himself excited by knowing his surroundings. If a cyclist could imagine water and arctic temperatures all around him, I don't think he would be so concerned. What's interesting about this story is that if he'd been mentally prepared for these conditions, he wouldn't have struggled so much in the end. "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake - it did look like a diamond back and blocked most of the pavement in front of me." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). If the cyclist paid more attention to the task at hand and less to what was happening around him, I think he would be successful without too much pressure.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist as it exhausted him and tested his resolve. "Sometimes life can be so cruel" means he's having a terrible time coping with the circumstances he's in. He thought he was going to die at any moment.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Established Speed Limit," the author is continually overwhelmed by the features of the landscape he passes through. At first he passed through a ghost town, but since he had enough water, the sight didn't bother him. But the next thing he saw was a dilapidated shed and a "rusted water pump", which bothered him as he was running out of water. Then he saw a huge snake, which was not good for his mood, because the snake was blocking his way, and then he passed an abandoned Welch grape juice factory and found in despair that he would never find water. Its features are set up to disappoint cyclists in their search for water.
Cyclists face many problems in the story "Rough Road Ahead; Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit". It's really hot outside, almost a desert, and it's June. Just knowing this makes me want some water. Also, the cyclist is running out of water and hasn't gotten to where he needs to go. The road was hilly and bumpy, which made it more difficult for him. These are the questions facing this cyclist.
At first, the narrators in Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit were enthusiastic about their journey to Yosemite National Park. After getting some helpful advice on some shortcuts, the cyclist takes the plunge. The first thing they encountered was a ghost town. Their gentlemen took their advice, assuring them that it was a thriving, thriving town. This sparked the first wave of skepticism in the minds of cyclists. Then it starts to run out of water. They traveled through California's high desserts in June, slowly running out of water. Flat roads were quickly replaced by short, rolling hills, which only increased the cyclist's insanity. After a few more disappointments, the cyclists decided there was no hope and they were going to die. Readers are partly drawn to believe this is the end of cyclists. With all the disappointments laying the groundwork for the end of the cyclists, you can't stop reading because you have to find out what's going on. If it weren't for the desperation of t he set you wouldn't care.
When a cyclist goes on a trip, he rides like a desert. All he saw throughout the journey was flat roads and dirt. He rides on the road; hope is some form of life. “No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind.” The author tries to be positive, but it’s hard because all these landscapes are frustrating his hopes. Would you like it if you were cycling in the desert and had no water? Now, he would be less worried if the environment was a nice green forest with water and shade. He doesn't have that in the desert. The whole journey is spiritual. He kept thinking in his heart that everything would be alright. That's what helped him survive. This is an inspiring story for anyone who needs a push to avoid selectivism.
Bad orientation heat and lack of water affected the cyclists in the story. At the beginning of the story, the cyclist is confident in the direction of "less hours from my ride to Yosemite National Park". As the story goes, the cyclist is less confident. "California's hot, June days allow him to drink water fluently." I hit my water bottle a lot, and I'm traversing California's high desert in June. " Dehydration is a big problem for a cyclist, so bad that he's about to have a heat stroke." I relaxed over and tried to balance in the dehydration state. There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. He braved the wind and rain, forcing himself, hoping that any source of water would reveal himself to him. His perseverance paid off. "Then, as easy as turning a corner, my troubles, thirst and fear were all behind me. The cyclist found a pub shop and changed the water.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. I say this because the scene is in the hot desert of @LOCATION1. The cyclist was sweating and almost out of water. This lack of water leaves cyclists in desperate need of food and water. The setting has a lot to do with how the cyclist reacts to what happens.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. First of all, since he couldn't see anyone, he couldn't ask for any help or directions. Also, due to all the road conditions, it was hard to cycle through all the rough roads and he was very tired and dehydrated, so it didn't help him, it just made him more tired. Another reason is the venomous snakes, if he disturbs them, they could hurt him. Also, if he fell off the bike, a snake could bite him and then he wouldn't be able to get anywhere because of the bite. These are environmental characteristics that affect cyclists.
The background features in the story affect the mind and body of the cyclist. It took a toll on his body as he had to trudge up the rolling hills and he was dehydrated. The rolling hills, combined with the rough terrain, made him exhausted. When he was thirsty because of the hills, lack of water didn't help. These traits affect his spirit, because the farther he goes, the more daring he becomes. Every mile he walked, he kept telling himself that if I could get there, I would be fine. He also blamed himself for listening to the old man. Then there are questions. He doubted he could keep it alive. In the story it says, "It doesn't matter: I'm dying and the birds will pick me up". Mentally he couldn't do it.
When a rider rides his bike on days like this, he starts to need water, so his whole adventure is looking for water. Being thirsty is hard because it makes him not want to continue because he is so tired. It made it harder for him. But it also allows him to gain more power, because in himself, and keep pushing.
Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit tells a story of learning and determination as a cyclist traverses the California desert, encountering obstacles such as snakes and lack of water. The descriptive character of the scene greatly affects the protagonist's journey. This article takes place in early summer. As the cyclist prepares for the day to retire, he pays special attention to "the serenity of an early summer evening" and ends the day with a peaceful mind. The next morning, he was excited, refreshed and ready to ride his bike again. The heat got higher and higher over time, and by noon, the cyclist became concerned about his water supply. He boldly kept going, reaching new terrain, rolling hills. Here he begins to lose hope, and is disappointed when the "town" he hopes to find appears to be an abandoned juice factory. The cyclist thought he was going to die from the heat and lack of water, but he finally breathed a sigh of relief as he concentrated on the final turn to reach a bait shop where he could stop for water. In summary, as cyclists continue to travel through the California desert, both weather and terrain changes occur simultaneously and affect changes in cyclists' physical and mental strength as they continue to travel.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, the story says, "I collected a few pebbles and put them in my mouth" explains how the scene is very pebbly. Circumstances free him from cravings and benefit him. He @MONTH1 didn't make it if they weren't any pebbles from the cyclist. In the story "Do not exceed the published speed limit", cyclists benefit from the character of the scene.
The function of the settings will be affected. Anyone who rides a bike, because he/she has been riding a bike for a lot of time, has problems with his/her back as he/she gets older. When they get older and ride a bike a lot, they have serious problems and they can't walk.
The setting in the essay "The Rough Road Ahead; Don't Go Over the Speed Limit" affected the narrator in many ways. The first thing that affected his ride was the heat. At first he didn't really notice it, but then it started to put Slow him down. Then the way the road starts to affect his ride, the road goes from flat to small rolling hills." The change in the road and the heat made him say "I might fall out of heat stroke". Then he couldn't get water because of the old towns he passed by. The water pump is too old, not used for too long and the water is of poor quality.
Throughout the story, the complex features of the environment negatively affect cyclists. As he traveled to Yosemite, his travels got worse. After listening to the "old dummy" instructable, the author tried the shortcut, but was disappointed. He reached the first town, but it was completely empty. He rubbed it off, though, and kept "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers" as his motivation. He stepped on the gas pedal, but when he got to the well, the water began to run out. He found that the water was not edible, so he continued to walk. As if things couldn't get any worse, his roads were getting rougher and his water supply was low. Cyclists start to get dehydrated and start to lose hope. He became even more pessimistic when "an insanely large snake -- blocking most of the pavement..." He even put a stone in his mouth to help him dehydrate. He was only relieved when he finally found the fish camp. All the obstacles he overcomes are worth it in the end.
The cyclist's journey is lonely. The cyclists in "Don't exceed the stated speed limit" had a particularly rough ride as the settings got worse. His main opponent in the battle for survival is the Heat. In the deserts of California, it's like a June day. Not surprisingly, the sun will be harder to heat up than anywhere else. Also, as the terrain became more hilly, his journey became more difficult. There is nothing difficult about riding a bike on a flat straight line. But constantly riding up steep hills and winding roads is no picnic. Like the buildings around him, the cyclist's water went bad and so did his state of mind as his trip started off so happy and got crazier. "It doesn't matter, I'm going to die and the birds will pick me up. This cyclist is battling a powerful force of nature.
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Established Speed Limit," scenes play an extremely important role. The story takes place in sunny California, where cyclists are riding at 12 mph. Dehydration is worse. "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up." The cyclist was desperate, but he was still determined to find the water. This scene is important to the story because if it happened in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3 it wouldn't make sense. This scene helps the story by increasing the intensity of the situation.
Features of the environment affect the cyclist as they begin to disrupt her mind. She didn't know where she was and just got lost. You can't see anything around you. You or a lot of people around you, you will feel scared. They have the same impact. In the author's case, she was riding a bicycle and couldn't/can't and water. It's an overwhelming feeling because you could die from dehydration. She then continued to ride her bike and saw nothing. "There isn't a single insight; not a building, or a car, or any kind of structure." That is, there is no water or people around, as if you're going to die. These settings affect anyone who encounters them. They had a profound effect on the cyclist because she was alone and on her dvun. Plus, she only has a map, her bike, and an empty water bottle.
The character of this story tends to have a big impact on cyclists. Because he takes shortcuts, his journey is longer than before. He didn't have any water where there was no barley, and on top of that he was exhausted from all the hills on land. So, because he takes shortcuts, it ends up costing him in the long run.
The character of the scene in the article influenced the cyclist because first of all he fell in love with the old folks who hadn't left the front porch for about ten years. Then he didn't ask the others where to go and how to get there. His worst mistake was not trusting the map he was carrying with him when he howled. If he just believed his map, not when the old guy said he wouldn't nearly die of heatstroke.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the setting affects him negatively because he's on a bike, and he's in a hot area, without any water, as in this sentence, " I got off my hands and knees and used all my strength to operate the rusted water pump handle. A tar-like substance seeped out." In the quote, the cyclist eventually thought he had found a water pump, but he really of nothing. Also, another negative thing is that he thought he would never get to where he was going, but in the end, he got there and he got some water.
Due to the heat, the setting in the story has a great influence on the protagonist. The main character is biking through the desert in summer with very little water. The set heat presents a problem, as the protagonist is at risk of dehydration and heat stroke. The protagonist knows that if he passes out in a barren desert, he will die. The protagonist says, "I'm getting more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke." The protagonist faces a problem between man and nature, and the heat is winning. Heat and dehydration drain the protagonist's energy as he rides his bike in the desert, desperately trying to get to the next town. To sum up, the biggest problem with the protagonist is the set popularity.
The environment around the cyclist affects him in a major way. "About forty miles on the pedals, I arrived at the first 'town' (Kurmaskie). Bikers put the word town on their parents because it's actually a ghost town. Didn't live there, it was abandoned The cyclists are surrounded by deserts and many more empty towns. The more dads the cyclists get, the more we realize the old man was wrong because the bikes ran out of water and had nowhere to stop. He finally found Some, swore never to listen to the old man again.
All the features of the area have a great influence on cyclists. It was a hot June morning, and he rode his bike, pedaling hard, for many miles. He couldn't find water because all the towns along the way were empty. He was dehydrated and lost his strength. Looks like he might have broken down, he didn't expect he'd be going to @CAPS1 if he hadn't had a drink at that store. All in all, the setting seems to have the meaning of king.
Joe kurmaskie's setup feature in "Rough Road: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit" had a very negative impact on cyclists. It starts slowly from a "ghost town". The commentator "smiled, checked my water supply and moved on," he wasn't particularly concerned, but the fact that he checked his water suggested he needed to ration it for a while. The decline continued when he reached the fock and "shaky shack." @CAPS1 The person who described this place told you he didn't like it, and he confirmed it with these words, "It's a disturbing sight." He won't be refilling the water here. If it goes on like this he will die, either dehydrated or eventually he will reach a road sign that says over 55 mph is a bad idea. It's ironic that, in his own words, he only drives 12 mph, "sometimes life can be so cruel." He clearly hates the setup, and it's all the setup's fault.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist as he had to work harder to get up the hill because he had limited water and he was dehydrated from the heat. For example, his water is limited because he listened to the old man's instructions, and he may not have brought as much if he had gone longer. Plus, he had to peddle faster and harder in order to climb the rolling hills. This affects him because he will be more tired from the peddling. Also, it's a June day, and June days are hot and lack a lot of water, cyclists can start to get dehydrated. This is how the settings affect cyclists
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. On the one hand, his body temperature has risen a lot. They won't come out and say, but they will say, "The sun is starting to set." We all know that when it's hot, it's outside of you, and you get hot too. It may also have increased his dehydration. As a long distance runner, I know what the sun can do to you on a hot day. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. On the one hand, cyclists in California wouldn't have the same problem if deserts weren't inhospitable mountains. By changing any function of the settings, you will change the way cyclists behave in the settings. Thus changing the whole storyline. If the cyclist is at the entrance or just the development, he will not face the same danger as in the mountains. The settings feature has a big impact on cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set features appear to be bad for cyclists. After he said he could easily do the next @NUM1 mile, this setup seems to be starting to worry cyclists for two miles. For example, the cyclist said, "Within less than two miles of the next leg of the ride, I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." The cyclist seemed concerned at the time that things wouldn't As easy as they seem. From that point on, things seemed to get worse for cyclists, who ended up saying, "It doesn't matter. I'm dying and the birds will pick me up. " That's when the cyclist started noticing his fear of dehydration. The cyclist finally made it, he realized how much nature can affect you.
The function of this setting affects cyclists through unexpected events. His water was quickly drained, and he couldn't find any nearby towns. He's in desert-like California, and the sun hits him. When he made a small town, it was more of a "ghost town" and had rusted pumps with battery-oil-smelling liquid. Everyone he asked told him to be around, but it took him longer due to dehydration. The road was very windy and small hills appeared. There was a large snack in the middle of the road as tumbleweeds blew past. Finally saw a town with a bait shop where you can get water to cool down.
The setting in "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't @CAPS1 Post Speed Limits" does affect the author. Cyclists say "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). A cyclist may find it more difficult to cross "hills" than "flat roads", which makes him tire faster. The speaker said, "I might have a heat stroke" (Kurmaskie @NUM2). The speaker suggested that it was too hot outside and he might faint from "heat stroke", which could slow him down. The speaker also said, "Somewhere around two hundred degrees there is a feeling of water" (Kurmaskie @NUM3). The author did not have good water to drink because it was too hot outside, which made him dehydrated. Many aspects of the environment affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, because if the old man does not give advice to the boy, he may not have all the troubles he has. Meanwhile, the boy walked towards where he was going. Next time, he'll just use his map so he doesn't have to go through the fear of death again.
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists as cyclists ride further along the road and the road conditions are rough.
The setting of this short story has a lot to do with cyclists. Since the story takes place in a desert, the temperature is very hot. Cyclists only have enough water for the scheduled trip. He ended up needing more water as he took a few wrong turns. There was no sign of civilization, so he couldn't stop anywhere to buy water. He came to a "shabby" rusty faucet and wanted to drink water, but it was hot and tasted like battery acid. If the short story had a different setting, the story wouldn't make much sense. For example, if the story happened in @LOCATION1, he might stop to buy water. Scene is one of the most important elements of a story.
These features affect cyclists in a number of ways. For example roads, rocks everything is closed. A cyclist needs to know everything about where he is going because if he doesn't know, he may have some problems along the way like snakes, rough terrain, rocks on the road. That's why it's important for cyclists to never listen to anyone but themselves. That's why when you see cyclists, you see them all around, a road with cars in case they get in trouble.
The function of this setting affects cyclists because it gives it more life. More meaning, and it was fun to read for me.
Sometimes it can make a big difference to a cyclist when the setup is poorly functioning. On the one hand, if the weather is too hot, the cyclist will need a lot of water if he/she does not want to be dehydrated. There is also the danger of heat stroke and deadly snakes, which cyclists may want to avoid. In the long run, it can be hard to prepare when you're on a bike.
The setting in the story "The rough road ahead does not exceed the published speed limit" really goes against the cyclist and his journey. This is because there is no water where he goes, and if there is, the water is really hot or bad. For example, on the @NUM1 page it says "a tar-like substance seeps out, but the water doesn't cool", which explains how bad the water is when the cyclists are there.
In this article, the author is talking about his journey
Features of the environment include nice cool pines, not a ghost town, it's hot, banser and posine snacks from @CAPS1 and hills that get harder and harder. When he first started planting pines it was nice and cool, but when he scanned the town of Gost, he found it was starting to get very hot, and then he saw treats, even though it was a dim baby, and Still tender, but he's worried that dehydration is getting harder than the hills are starting to, and that's what it looks like.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist as he has to use more energy to cycle up hills and across rocky terrain. So he drank more water. when he counts.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in a number of ways. First the terrain, which was flat at first, then turned into hills. Cyclists get tired from pedaling. "Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This tires him out quicker because going uphill is harder than riding flat terrain. The heat must have affected him because it made him thirsty. He "crossed the high deserts of California in June". It's a very hot time of year and when a person gets lost without saving water, he doesn't do that, a person gets very thirsty. Not to mention "a sandblasted photo of a little boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth" that reminds the body of its thirst. So this setup most definitely affects cyclists
In the story, the cyclist is greatly influenced by the character of the scene. For example, the settings have nothing to do with miles. Just ghost town, hard to find water. It's also a desert-like setting that adds to his desire. Another example is the hills, which made him even more thirsty. It was June in California, so it must be hot, and he will have no water towns because they seem to have been devastated. Another example is the state of his mouth. Here's a trick that will allow you to survive more efficiently. So, the circumstances influenced his journey, making him wish he hadn't followed the old man's advice.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The three features I found were lack of water, high temperatures, and road conditions and restrictions. The lack of water does affect cyclists. When he died, he/she didn't drink anything. This article explains how s/he would say s/he would save water to the end. He/she is so tired, so the lack of water really affects him/her. The condition he/she is in also does affect the cyclist. From the beginning he/she was told in the wrong direction. That's why he/she keeps getting lost. Finally, road restrictions affect cyclists. The hills and different venues are not helpful for cyclists. In conclusion, a cyclist has many factors that affect him, such as lack of water, road restrictions and his/her condition.
I think the strengths of the setup greatly affect cyclists. First of all, I think the weather conditions will affect him. I think it's because in the paragraph it says, "I might fall out of heatstroke". Meaning, it's really hot! Also, I think the fact that he doesn't have water is affecting him because it says in the paragraph, "I relaxed past trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state". It affected him a lot because he was thirsty. Also, I don't think anything around him is affecting him. I think it's because in the paragraph it says there are no cars. I think all these things affect him.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the setting affects cyclists. The cyclist took the advice of some old man and finally wished he had never done it. He was on an empty road, flat and dry. He eventually drank all his water and needed to stop for more. " I hit my water bottle a lot, and in June I'm going through the high deserts of California." He stopped to get more water, but at one point, all that came out was something tar-like, and then he couldn't find another Place to put a fairly white place. The flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, and he sighed, "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Speed Limit," before passing rolling weeds and a large snake. All of this affected his journey with fear, caution, etc. When he finally got to a place to have a drink, he was finally satisfied. Because it was hot and empty, he was more thirsty, so the environment affected the cyclist.
He felt alone and no one was around to push him, but he kept trying to push himself to the end to win. The fast road was rough and the hills were high, but he was determined to finish.
Heat, abandoned roads, snakes are all factors that affect cyclists. The heat makes him dehydrate faster when using energy. Long-abandoned roads further add to his skepticism about the bike ride as a whole. He used up all the water. So when he got the old pump, the hot water was dirty and smelly. The snake in the story makes the man's journey dangerous and deadly. All because he listened to the old guy. When another old man was about to tell him where to go, he said no.
Features and settings make a big difference to cyclists. One reason is that he is in the desert. Like in the quote "Through California's High Desert". That means it's hot and he might pass out from heat stroke. Then he couldn't even get water. Like quoting "rusty water pump". It described its age and then the cyclist took out some but it tasted like old battery acid. So features and settings affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the setting strongly affect cyclists over a period of time. Destined to reach Yosemite National Park from Lodi, California, a determined cyclist rides vigorously on a gentle night. When the settings change, so does its effect on cyclists. When the man reaches the first deserted town, the energy begins to run out as the sun begins to enter the picture. Next, he arrives at a shack in desperate need of water, only to find a rusted water pump containing contaminated, unsafe water. The man was exhausted as the flat terrain turned into rolling hills". With what I thought was my last burst of energy, I maneuvered down the hill". That sentence directly describes how the man felt and how the hills affected him. When this man stumbles upon a fish camp with water, he reloads and is full of confidence as he "rides into the morning with strong legs and a smile"
This setup affects cyclists in many ways. For example, he rides in the desert and all the towns he goes to are abandoned. This month is June, a hot month, and the sun is hitting him. And he rides his bike with very little water.
In the article "Do Not @CAPS1 Posted Speed Limit", the setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. When the cyclist arrived at the first town, he described it as a ghost town. This affected the cyclist as he began to doubt the instructions he received, but he was looking forward to Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers, so he persevered. The settings for the next placemark are similar to the previous one. There was a shed, a few rusted pipes, and a corral that "couldn't fit a lame mule." This makes the cyclist even more worried about the road ahead because he is out of water. The next place is similar. There is an obsolete @ORGANIZATION1. The cyclist ran out of water and now thinks he's going to die because everything is empty. Then, finally, the settings changed. One shop actually opened, and the cyclists were then happy and relieved. This is how different settings affect cyclists.
The author's setup describes difficult terrain and bad weather for cycling. The authors say it's early summer, which means it can be hot and uncomfortable for cyclists. The authors also said that when the cyclists arrived in the first town, the sun started to heat up. This means that as the sun is getting stronger, the temperature will increase. Cycling in hot weather is very difficult because it takes a lot of effort and dehydrates your body faster because the heat makes you sweat which reduces water retention. Another characteristic of the environment described by the authors is the location of the cyclist. He was traveling through the high deserts of California. It gives you a sense of how hot it is as he traverses the desert in early summer when the sun is shining. After the first couple town, he started riding on short, rolling hills. Hillsides do more damage to a person's body because it takes more effort to step up.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. From ghost towns to bait shops, it was a challenge for him. A misleading challenge, but a challenge. In the desert, with less and less water, he tried every means to force himself. From staring at the horizon to reaching another place, from sucking pebbles to not focusing on the water. When he got to the bait shop. He had a sense of relief, like the store was his safe haven. However, he would never again get instructions from any of the old-timers. Lack is not a factor in this story. Rather, it's the dynamics and overall atmosphere of the story. When the temperature was still two hundred degrees and the water was gone, he pushed himself under the light. And, when he saw a building, he was determined to go there.
Cyclists are trying to get to Yosemite National Park. The cyclist was in Lodi, California, when he decided to ask the old driver for directions so he could take the shortcut. He followed their instructions, little did he know that he should stick to his original direction. This cyclist traverses California's high desert in June. Cyclists traveling in the desert get very hot and thirsty. It said in the text "when I tried a drop or two it smelled of battery acid" which suggested he had no water to keep him dehydrated throughout the trip. Also in the text saying "I believe this is my last burst of energy, I maneuvered down the mountain" which indicates that he has no remaining energy.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Rough Road Ahead; Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", he goes through a variety of settings that could get better or worse. “I noticed the terrain was changing, the flat roads were being replaced by short rolls @NUM1 Kurmaskie). This suggests or explains that things are probably going to be tougher now as he will have to ride up the hills and he is almost out of water. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind" (@NUM2 Kurmaskie). This explains that the man can't get water or ride a car from anywhere around because there is nothing to use there. This is Set how the feature affects cyclists.
The function of almost all settings affects cyclists. For example, the fact that it was hot made him drink a lot and need a lot of water. In the story, it goes on to tell how thirsty and sweaty he was. "Just a few enticing sips in the water bottle. Donuts on my shirt." The descriptions suggest he's hot because he's sweet and drinking too much. Another feature of the setting is the rolling hills that make him feel like he'll never get to the next town. “I started to get the ride bogged down and I could test it.” He made the ride look like a lot of short rides so he could.
The setup described by the authors is very challenging for three reasons, distance, water, and heat. All of this is just to add other influences. Over time, cyclists get tired from the heat. Cyclists clearly describe the effects of heat in one sentence
The characteristics of the setting affect cyclists in many ways. The landscape makes the cyclist apprehensive, insecure, and finally full of ironic hope. Cyclists came to the first 'town' and described it as having only 'a crumbling shack, a couple of rusty pumps and a corral' that couldn't be hydrated, so tired and fear of dehydration set in , cyclists become less confident when they see the "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" sign. Knowing it was going to be a long, slow ride, the cycle became less confident that he could do it, and finally, when passing by the sign, "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp - If you want big fish, we've got you The best option," the cyclist reached a hopeful stage, knowing he had found civilization again. I believe your atmosphere and environment affects your overall mood, and the same goes for cyclists today.
The characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist in a way that makes the ride easy for him or hard for him. In the article it says "no towns" but without towns there is no water, @MONTH1 water can cause dehydration. It also illustrates how flat roads turned into "short, rolling hills". That means the road he has to walk is tough, making it hard for cyclists to stay focused. These are some examples of environments that affect cyclists.
The setting affects the cyclist because the pass is on a road with many hills, which can make him tired, or affect him or his temperature if the bite is in a cold or hot place. and in his attitude.
The settings in this article affect cyclists as they have to ride many miles to get to the next town. Cyclists have limited water and it is very hot. There is no insight from a thousand miles away.
The future of the scene that affects the cyclist is that he shows other people crazy, he shouldn't (ister) show other people where he has to go.
In the article "Do not exceed the published speed limit", many of the features set affect cyclists. And these settings are easily formed in the middle of the article. These settings keep cyclists excited on the go. First, cyclists noticed that the ride changed from flat to short, rolling hills. He had to spend more energy going up the mountain, which caused him to lose a certain amount of energy. Then, he was dehydrated causing his dehydration state. He may lose a lot of energy as a result, leaving this stage where he mainly needs someone to support him or be by his side, but he rides alone, with no one in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. This can cause his emotional breakdown and a loss of energy. In general, cyclists lose energy during the journey. and can't get support from supporters
This setting affects cyclists as it provides landmarks and directions. For example, the narrator says: "They sounded so confident as they pointed out landmarks and spewed out towns I'd come to along this easy excursion" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This shows that landmarks can provide landmarks and directions along the journey.
In the story "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," cyclists run into some pretty rough obstacles on their way to Yosemite National Park. Due to lack of water and fear, he encountered a large snake that he thought was diamond black. He passed the snake with ease and moved on. In the heat and knowing the water, he never gave up and knew he could get to the park safely. He went this way because @NUM1 "the old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter was in the office". These people gave him the wrong direction. This does affect the cyclist because if he pays attention to his surroundings and the people around him, all other things will not happen.
The characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in different ways on different occasions. For example, when you get to the first town, the author calls it an ordinary ghost town, but moves on confidently. The next building he saw was the abandoned Welch juice bottle factory, where a boy was drinking a cold glass of juice. This intimidated the arrivals to begin to question the wisdom of the old man. Moving on, he reached another building. To his relief, it was a bolt shop that was still open. He immediately went to the sink to drink water, at which point he breathed a sigh of relief because the water was closer to civilization than dessert, and no life or buildings were seen. So his enveloping throughout the story makes him cold, confident, and relieved.
The characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist because the road is rough and he has to put in more effort to ride the bike on rough roads and then on nice, paved, flat roads and he doesn't have water , so it's time to use all his energy without any redaveanator.
The cyclist's setup effects can be a bit complicated. To be a successful cyclist, you have to prepare a lot. Be prepared for the weather first. For example, when there are severe weather conditions such as rain, snow, you must be careful on the road. In addition, they must be prepared for prolonged riais. Some naes may be from @NUM1 miles and have to bring plenty of food and water. Another effect cyclists must be aware of is the condition of the bike. For example, he/she has to make sure the bike is in good condition and is cooperating. Also, if work needs to be done on the bike, work can be done on the bike. Another effect of cyclists is the health of cyclists. For example, if a cyclist is in good health, he/she can ride for a long time. Finally, another effect is that the cyclist must know where he/she is going. For example, the people in the story don't know where to go, so this is an important key point.
The settings for where to travel by bike affects cyclists. I say this because in the "don't exceed the published speed limit" story, the cyclist is in conflict with the environment. The conflict was so intense that he didn't use the little things to survive witches he did. That's why I say the setup of where the bike rides is important.
A scene from a short story; "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit" greatly affected cyclists. The rough terrain and the blazing sun tested him, causing him to suffer in ways he never imagined. Once, after walking for a few hours, the cyclist noticed, "On the long hillside, a building came into view. I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage..." This setup causes the cyclist to be too dehydrated to think. A cyclist knows the dangers of his surroundings. As you can see, this setting has a big effect on cyclists.
Cyclist suffers from prolonged cycling into areas he has never been to.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits". Cyclists are affected by their environment, both mentally and physically. For example, the setup affects cyclists because it's all dessert and sand without water. He thought he was going to die, and he said, "I'm going to die, and the birds will pick me up." If he had some water, he wouldn't think so. Cyclists are also physically affected as the road is rough and looks like it could go on forever. He was losing energy, riding all the hills with only a little water left and he was very tired. It was hot and seemed hopeless, but if he rode through the evergreen forest, I don't think he would feel that way. In conclusion, the cyclist is affected both physically and mentally, if he hadn't been riding in the desert he wouldn't have felt that way
In the article "Bumpy Road Ahead", the character sees many scenes during the ride, which will affect his mood and physical condition. For example, when the author described a place he came to, "a crumbling shed, a few rusted water pumps, a corral that couldn't hold the most lame mute greeted me. The sight was unsettling", which is cycling The turning point where people start to worry. He's running out of water, "the sun is starting to go down," and he's probably tired of pedaling. But, to make matters worse, he came to the rolling hills. It took a toll on him because he had to work harder and didn't have enough water to pick him up. When he finally arrives in a "modern" town, his spirits rise and he can get water to cool himself, giving him more strength and willpower to continue his Yosemite Park tour.
The setting of the story has a huge impact, because it is such an empty human race that he can only rely on himself because there is no help from others. For example, if he's been riding in a city for a few hours, he can stop and take a break in the store, or get water from anywhere. But in the desert, it really tested his inner strength to keep going and staying safe.
In this article, I can conclude that many features of this land affect cyclists. For example, in the text it says "The insanely large snake...blocks most of the sidewalk in front of me." If you are very afraid of snakes that could ruin your entire journey. The cyclist was scared, but the fear passed and moved on. Another thing that has changed cyclists is lack of water. Not enough water can be bad. As mentioned before, "I can fall out of the heat bank on a good day in June..." There are many features that affect the cyclist and his journey.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't exceed the published speed limit on rough roads ahead", there are several features that affect cyclists. "..I crossed the high deserts of California in June" (Kurmaskie) The deserts in June were very hot and dry, causing the cylist to dehydrate quickly. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." The change from flat to hill makes it more strenuous for cyclists to ride. These conditions directly affect cyclists.
Cyclists are trying to get to Yosemite National Park. Cyclists traverse the desert in June. Cyclists have little water at the end of the stone. When he needed water, many buildings were abandoned. This is how the environment affects him.
In the previous rough road article, the setup did affect the cyclist because he had been pedaling for a long time and he was dehydrating, "I'm hitting my water bottle a lot. I'm at @LOCATION1". Another reason the setting affected him was because he started seeing Mirage "The sandblasted photo of a boy pouring a refreshing glass of grape juice into his mouth can still be seen.
Characteristics such as not having enough water and not having enough sense of direction affect the cyclist because he needs water to keep pedaling. He needs a map to know where and where he's going. With not enough water, he said: "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and a lost entrance in place of the old people, their wits and sense of direction. I make a mental note of that. To change that paragraph "The site says the old man's sense of command is outdated. They don't have anything in the giant poarch.
The setup is characterized by hot and dry conditions. The way it affects the cyclist is he gets so hot he drinks almost all the water and when he gets to another town he only has about @NUM1 gulps left. It also affects him because he has an advantage. His advantage is that he leaves before the sun rises. So he had time to calm down. Another part of the setup that affects the cyclist is that when he gets to some hills he gets a little bit of wind. When a cyclist is thirsty, he also puts pebbles in his mouth.
Environment plays a vital role in a cyclist’s mood and energy. For example, on a cool @DATE1 day going downhill gently, the rider is happy and energetic. However, “Traveling through California’s high desert in June is not the best setting for laughter and relaxation. The cyclist in the story is exhausted and hydrated. He thought, ‘I’m dying and the birds will pick me up’ Clean. " Where cyclists ride can have a huge impact on cyclists.
The cyclist was on his bike and was trying to get to Rosmity, he ran out of water, but he kept going, he had to pass a snake and was startled.
All the features of the setup affect his rhythm, determination and willingness to win, because it takes him a little off target when he should try to ignore something. instead of thinking about it. If I were him, I'd just ride the bike and think I won!
For cyclists, the surroundings can lead to victory or despair. Cyclists get very old instructions. He got the now abandoned road. It doesn't really matter that these towns are usually empty, but he was "traversing the high deserts of California in June." (@NUM1). With shade, breeze, and @NUM2 weather, he'll be fine, but he bikes in the desert in the summer. A "ghost town" without good water may have killed him. Cyclists need to be aware of their surroundings and be prepared for what nature throws at them.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in many different ways. First of all, I think when a cyclist encounters a "ghost town" he feels lonely and depressed. I think he felt like he would never find his way and no one could help him. Another long hilly road, with desert on both sides, basically gave him a sense of frustration that the road would never end, that the road he had already started had no way out. I think it made him feel trapped, and it was too dry to see water, which made him feel more thirsty than he actually was. Overall, I think it had a real physical and psychological impact on him.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit," the cyclist encounters several obstacles that affect him in many ways. In the story, the cyclist rides his bike for miles. "Tumbleweed crossed my path, and a ridiculously large snake blocked most of the sidewalk in front of me...in my dehydrated state." That sentence listed just a few of his problems. He's got tumbleweed, a snake, and he's dehydrated. He had to put pebbles in his mouth because he heard they take away your dehydration. Throughout the story, he encounters many problems or obstacles, but overcomes them well.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. Some of these features include: - Heat, dangerous animals, not many civilizations, and terrain. In the article, each of these characteristics is mentioned, and they all negatively affect cyclists. For example, when a cyclist is heading out from the heat, he needs to find a town. The first "town" he found was what he described as a "ghost town." It took a while to find another town, he hit [his] water bottle a lot, [he] traveled through the high deserts of California in June, so he really Dehydrated and ready to fall. It doesn't help that flat roads [are replaced by] short, rolling hills. Does the terrain really matter? ? He had to work hard to keep going, and coupled with dehydration, the cyclist had to deal with dangerous animals. During his journey, "an outrageously large snake took most of the ?? "Which? ? he might have? The acquired traits are sure to affect cyclists in many ways
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. First, the heat overheats the cyclist. For example, the weather in June is sunny. Also, the hills are very tiresome for cyclists. For example, a cyclist is losing energy and has to keep pushing. Finally, there is nowhere in the environment to help cyclists. Cyclists, for example, have difficulty finding places to drink. All in all, the setup affects cyclists in a very negative way.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist because it is so hot that he can quickly become dehydrated. Another feature is that all the buildings seem to be either abandoned or hopeless.
The characteristics of this setup strongly affect cyclists. The scene now is a hot day in the California desert, which causes the cyclist to drink all his water and later become maliciously dehydrated. Barren deserts with no landmarks cause cyclists to get lost, which is a major problem for cyclists.
The context of this story plays an important role in the end result. The author mentions that he will be traveling through the high deserts of California in June. That sentence alone tells readers that it's hot. It's not hot by @LOCATION2 standards and may reach @NUM1 degrees before noon. This means that the day starts at @NUM2. By noon, it's already past @NUM3. Additionally, the author came to a sign that read "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits". @CAPS1 He noticed he was only going 12 mph. He had drank most of the water before he reached any civilization, his last "tentative sip" was his main problem, he was dehydrated. He drank the most. When he first started riding, he thought he would be fine, but then he regretted it.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Cyclists are hardly dehydrated. There is no sign around the seating area where the fountain can be found. Cyclists put pebbles in their mouths, trying to forget about thirst. There were bumps around her, so she swallowed one. She just moved on and her words were "I'm going to die." For one, the cyclist is at risk of dehydration and ends her sense of satisfaction. When she saw Gary and Wilbur's fish camp, the cyclist kept it alive. Until then, her setup was very clear. Then the cyclist breathed a sigh of relief and let it live.
The circumstances made it worse for him because he was dehydrated. He rides his bike at @LOCATION2 in California. No, the sun can be hot. The heat combined with all the cycling he was doing made him even more thirsty and tired.
The function of the setting affects many cyclists. The cyclist rode "California's High Desert" in June. The cyclist also saw an "absurdly large snake". There is also no sign of civilization for miles. " No insight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind." Cyclists went through many different obstacles trying to get to Yosemite. I think the setup affects cyclists in many ways.
The characteristics of this setup greatly affect cyclists. Weather, terrain, temperature, altitude, and other factors can make or break a cyclist. The heat and hills on the road challenge cyclists in this post. He just kept going through it, and eventually he reached civilization. This lets you know that you have no control over you.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. The author is exhausted and will soon run out of water. He's traversing the high deserts of California in June. It shows how the environment has made him very tired.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. According to the text, the cyclist was confident he would run the 18 miles until he passed the flat circle, which was replaced by short rolling hills. He said, I quoted "I toiledon" and he sounded hopeless, he would not succeed. As you can see, the setting does affect cyclists.
The "don't exceed the published speed limit" setting is very hot desert. There are not many places to stop to eat or drink while riding a bike. You can't carry a lot of luggage with you while riding a bike. Only important materials and a large enough pitcher. An example in the text shows how bad it is. "I was on my hands and knees, working with all my might on the rusty pump handle. He was thirsty and tired and didn't know how to get water
In this environment, the young man faces challenges that make him stronger as an individual. For example, he was so proud of himself that at the end he said "Yes sir! I have a very good map" to his own delight. He knew he had to go through the heat, dry air, snakes and lack of water to get to where he was determined to be Yosemite.
The setting in the story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit" affected cyclists as it was an arid region in California in June. The cyclist really needs water, and that's the main factor that affects him, except that he gets lost in a ghost town. Therefore, lack of water and misleading orientation are the main features displayed.
The cyclist is very well characterized, "it erodes what he said in the @NUM1 @CAPS1 paragraph". I would describe it as a pleasure. It seems this time is also one of his best times. Here are some examples of him being happy, competitive, and lean. I will explain my example. First, he looks lively because in the story he says "strong legs in the morning and a smile on his face. The pic can give you how jumpy he feels. My second example is competitive , he looks like a competitive guy because he's fit and leads to cycling. My third example is his way because he says "As easy as it sounds to connect, my troubles, Thirst and fear are behind me and this part makes me feel it.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit," the characteristics of the scene affect cyclists. We can tell because the author wrote "that road was replaced by short, rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This tells us that it is hard for cyclists to ride on the road. Speed limits also affect cyclists. When the speed limit sign comes up, the characters feel that "life can feel so cruel" (kurmaskie @NUM1). It tells us that the character can't do what he wants. Bad roads and speed limit sighs affect cyclists.
In this article, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. In the beginning, the environment was in an elderly home, and the cyclists were happy and confident. When he got to the ghost town and there was no water, he was frustrated and frustrated. When he saw the building, he revisited it, but was saddened to find it abandoned. When he finally got to the store, he was excited and excited. Here's how the setting affects cyclists on the go
There are a number of set features that affect cyclists in the story "Don't exceed the established speed limit." First, at the beginning of the story, it says "the sun is starting to go down" and the temperature is starting to rise, but it doesn't really affect the cyclist since he has an ample supply of water. The next story says, "I crossed the high deserts of California in June", the temperature in California is very high, and June is one of the hottest months of the year. The temperature is very high and there is not much water left for cyclists. This affects the cyclist as he is tired, hot and dehydrated. Finally, at the end of the story, the terrain has changed, with more hills and a road that's not as flat as the pavement, because it's a dirt road, and the hills make cyclists have to ride harder to get over . very tired. And the temperature was still so high that he barely left any water behind. By the end of the ride, the road, temperature, and ride distance settings have overexcited and dehydrated cyclists.
In the short story "Roughness Ahead. In Do Not Exceed the Established Speed Limit", cyclists encounter many difficulties. These difficulties are the result of setting. The story takes place in "June California's High Desert." Because the month June is very warm and California's climate is usually hot and dry, cyclists are in trouble. Not only did this affect the cyclist, but he traversed the desert. The scene also includes several abandoned towns along the way, which contributes to the problem. Cyclists quickly ran out of water and found the town in front of them empty. He had no choice but to continue his journey.
There are many different ways to characterize the effect of the cyclist. One way is that the hilly terrain makes him work harder and exhausts him. As the cyclist becomes more and more tired, he needs to drink more and more water. Now that he drinks more water, he runs out of water faster and wants more. Then, as he started using less water to conserve water until he got to the next town, he started to get dehydrated, more tired, and started to feel weak. Also because the terrain is hilly, his legs work harder when going up the hill, and his legs become very tired. It also started to get hotter and he was thirstier more often. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
In the poem "Don't exceed the speed limit", the setting is described as very rough and dry. The cyclist said he was out of water. At one point he said "at some point tumbleweed crossed my path and there was a ridiculous big shake" which made the environment sound dry and empty with a noxious snake around. The man also spoke of a sign that read "Rough road ahead: do not exceed the established speed limit", which also made it difficult for the man to ride. These are the settings that affect the cyclists in the story.
It features landscape character plot ends and beginnings.
The settings in "Do Not @CAPS1 Posted speed limits" affect the cyclist's mood, as the cyclist's mood changes every time the setting is changed. At the beginning of the story, cyclists are traversing "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers." @CAPS2 This time the cyclist is enjoying his trip and in a good mood. As the story continues, "no one was seen, no buildings, cars, or any structure of the land." At this point in the story, the cyclist has turned his positivity into Emotions were replaced by despair.
The setting in "The Rough Road Ahead" makes the cyclist's journey a very formidable challenge that he has to overcome. When "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills", cyclists have to use more energy to sell the hills. This makes it difficult for him to overcome the exhaustion of physical stamina. In addition, he said he was "traversing the high deserts of California in June," which was very hot and dry, causing him to run out of water very quickly. And, because he was in the desert, there were no signs of towns or people, nor any kind of redemption. These conditions make it hard for the cyclist because he knows that if he falls from dehydration, there will be no one around to save him. All in all, these tough conditions presented a great challenge to the bike.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Cyclist rides long bike to Yosemite National Park. On the way there, however, he had to traverse desert-like terrain. The blazing sun had been on his back for miles. All the heat made him crave water. He is already very tired. The terrain made him sweat. If it wasn't so hot, then he wouldn't be so sad. The temperature in the desert is very high, making physical exercise unbearable. Even if you have high stamina. The heat will make you very tired and you will lose a lot of energy. And it didn't help that the old man gave him terrible instructions. That's why I think the setting affects cyclists.
The "don't exceed the publish speed limit" setting in a story has a big impact on the author. The scene features "no people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind". The fact that there is nothing around him makes the author lose hope and trust. After seeing the old juice factory, I felt as if something good had happened to me. Then he saw it abandoned and he lost all hope. When he talked about how he would die, he again showed hopelessness. When he talks about never taking the advice of "the old man who hasn't been on the porch since Carter took office," he shows he has lost trust in the old man. In short, he got the characteristics of the direction and lost hope of survival.
At the beginning of the ride, the cyclist feels good and strong, the day and the journey is just beginning. The sun was starting to tilt towards the cyclist, but he remained optimistic, still feeling good and barely noticing the heat. When he arrived at a rusted old water pump, he was disappointed and tasted a liquid similar to "battery acid". The terrain started to feel more like a hill, which made the struggle worse. Cyclists are now drinking more water and getting tired. "Sometimes life can feel so cruel," he came to a bumpy road, letting readers know that he was feeling the negative effects of what he thought was the joy of cycling, with a snake blocking his way , he was dehydrated. The cyclist felt refreshed and relieved after seeing the Fish Camp sign, his thirst quenched as he took a satisfying sip of water in the bathroom. Water is @NUM1's setting to refresh cyclists, while the hot sun, rough terrain and unknown areas are features that leave cyclists feeling lost and exhausted.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, sand and extreme heat are two major components of the scene, which makes him thirsty. "... followed by a feeling of salt water around two hundred degrees." This quote explains the extreme heat that cyclists feel. The sun is another important feature that affects him. This is how the settings affect the cylist.
This feature affects the cyclist because he wants to go to a spectacular and amazing place. For example, he said he thrived in this place forever, he finally got them, it was a ghost town, and he chuckled and walked away because it wasn't what he wanted. I believe this guy judges every place he goes by how it looks rather than what it offers, like he doesn't believe in getting directions from an old mat, but he still accepts it. I believe where he wants to be is where he wants to go and not let anyone get in his way, whatever it feels like to be looking for a perfect place, he thinks he wants to find it, he'll be full of stories.
This environment affects the cyclist in many ways, if it is hot, he will be thirsty and sweaty. If there are hills, cyclists will feel tired and thirsty. Thirsty and tired, the cyclist is determined to cross and find a town. The cyclist said, "I started dividing the ride into distances I could see on the horizon, telling myself that if I could go that far, I'd be fine," saying this, knowing he could go that far and determination this way. The terrain gives him more trouble, it will be more difficult, but he knows he has to overcome his challenges, but he still has a strong spirit and he can do almost anything because he has the encouragement he needs.
The features of the set affect the cyclist by changing his mood. In @LOCATION1, it's nice there, shaded, cool, and he feels pretty good. He was excited and ready to embark on an adventure on a new road. When he arrived in the first town, he was still in a good mood. As he moved on, his water supply ran out, his mood dropped, and he became more depressed. In an ironic twist of fate, he discovers Welch's grape juice factory, and he is about to resign. Frustrated, he was almost ready to admit defeat. But he forced himself to keep going, and when he finally got to a place with water, his relief was mixed with a wariness of the old man sitting on the porch. He will never take advice or advice from old men for granted again.
The function of the setting only drains the cyclist's willpower. He was frustrated by what he saw, such as a crumbling shed, a couple of rusted pumps and a corral that couldn't hold the most larvae, and the mules greeted me. The sight is disturbing. "The desolation was starting to kill his hopes of finding buildings or towns, and sometimes those things took a toll on the psyche. The grape juice factory and the bottling plant. A sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth can still be seen." For someone who is quickly running out of water, this sarcasm can make one lose the resolve to keep going. Snakes and rolling hills slow him down and make him expend more energy. Heat can dehydrate cyclists faster. The environment is a hostile one for cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. First, the climate affected him the most, as he got hot, drank a lot, and became dehydrated. So he has no energy due to dehydration. The other is the built road. This is so because it's bumpy, winding, and the hills are dehydrated, and the road is easy to give up and die. Then the heat hit, because there was no shade, there was no water, and the sun shone on him.
There are many factors working against him/her on the way of cycling. There were rough roads, bad water pumps, abandoned chariots, and the long-term fact that that wasn't even his road. All of these factors have created something new for cyclists. He was initially happy when the cyclist restored the first town and realized it had dwindled. Then he pedaled, but realized he was running out of water. Well, what was supposed to be a sign of hope came because of yet another disappointment. The water pump finds it in time, but the water is no longer any resolve they have to reach the "rough road", again creating an even more painful journey. Finally, the cyclist saw a building in the distance, but again, it was empty. The only good thing about being a poor cyclist is that some sign of civilization keeps him alive when they carry the bait "tar". Time and time again hope emerges in turbulence after turmoil, until the end. These encounters can even cause him to become pessimistic about a task, but he manages to pass it anyway. These encounters create a fun meal. Every time you hear a message of hope, you're entitled to what might happen next, and then feel sorry for the cyclist after getting that hope many times. The stable and vivid plot makes readers have more desires.
The setup affected cyclists due to poor road conditions. It's hills too, so they make it harder for cyclists.
"No one could be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind". This stubbornness makes it difficult for cyclists to pin their hopes on where two-thirds of the time goes to get their water. "I might fall out of mid-heat on a good day in June, he was in the desert in @LOCATION1 in June with no one around and it made him very desperate because he was tired of it.
The main features affecting cyclists are rough terrain and hot sun. Rough terrain makes the ride more difficult and cyclists tire out faster. But also helpful is the hot sun, as it can dehydrate him while riding. So, between the rough terrain that was hard to pedal and the hot, dehydrating sun, the cyclist was so affected that he was exhausted.
The settings feature in the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limits" affects cyclists. As the cyclist rode to his destination, he encountered obstacles and observed his surroundings. The author sets the start in the second paragraph to be "a reservoir campground outside Lodi, California". summer night. Readers are told that the summer temperatures in California are not hot. This presents the cyclist with his main paradox, lack of water. As the temperature rises, it is easier to dehydrate quickly. The authors say: "The sun begins to Downhill, I'm traversing California's high desert in June. In addition, the cyclist encountered an outrageously large "snake" during the ride. Readers know that there can be many conflicts when riding a bike. Finally, the scene's many features let the cyclist know where he is now and where he most wants to be, the cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite. " @CAPS1 Essay, Cyclist determined to get to Yosemite, in trouble he didn't give up, relieved when he finally got the water.
The character of the desert changed the speaker's perception of the journey. When the road began to change, so did the resolve of the speaker, "the smooth road was replaced by a short mountain". The terrain began to change, and the speaker became suspicious of the old man who had guided him to the shortcut. "I can get heatstroke on a good June day because I listen to some gentlemen who haven't left the porch in decades". The heat in the desert made the speaker so thirsty that he drank all the water. There was no water source, so he decided to suck the stones. "I once read that sucking on a rock helps keep your mind away from thirst," . But the rough terrain wouldn't allow him to do so. He bumped and swallowed the stone. The speaker started to panic, "I'm dying, the birds will pick me up". Fortunately, the author's thinking changed after he found the water source, and these characteristics do have a great impact on cyclists.
Due to the lack of buildings, people and cars on his "shortcut", the environment has a very negative impact on cyclists and he is very doubtful of his own survival. "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up." He doesn't think he'll get any water because there's nothing around him, and he thinks he'll die of dehydration or heatstroke. "And more and more aware that I'm going to die of heatstroke."
The context of the story affects cyclists in many ways. It was hot when he rode, so he was thirsty. For example, "The sun is getting hot" (pg @NUM1). So the sun was shining and he started to dehydrate. Another example is a trip through the California desert in June" (pg @NUM2). California is a relatively hot state and June is one of the warmer months. The terrain is also not conducive to the rider's "flat roads become rolling "Short Hills" (pg @NUM2). Short rolling hills are harder for cyclists than flat terrain. This is how the setup affects the rider.
This environment affected cyclists as it was June and the weather was starting to get hot. In the book, it says he is traveling through the desert. Furthermore, the author did not have enough water to survive in the desert when the sun was shining on him.
In this paragraph, I will explain how the function of the settings affects cyclists. This setting affects cyclists in ways such as weather, road structure, and animals. Everything a cyclist can't control. Thus affecting cyclists while riding.
The character of the scene in this story gives the cyclist determination. since the desert
The function of this setting affects cyclists as if it is very hot and it is summer. If it weren't for the "ghost town" where "the sun starts to set", cyclists would not be so tired. It's at @CAPS1 for nia during June, so it is. It was hot and the water was @NUM1 degrees too! The text says there are rolling hills and rolling weeds, so it must be a desert. The trip was also very long, "forty miles into the petals", which made him a little tired. As you can see, the environment is an area with no people and it is very hot.
The functionality of this setting is very important for cyclists. If set up wrong, they can face many dangers. It's really important to have a clear setup.
The functionality of the settings seriously affects cyclists! For example, he has more serious problems and can't do anything about them. Also, he was fine at first and then started to dehydrate. He doesn't have much water left, he only has @NUM1 miles on the road. Water loss was severe when crossing the desert in June. Also, the damage to the road is pretty bad because he's on a bike and he's not very well balanced. These characteristics can affect cyclists in a number of ways due to weather, temperature, water loss, road damage and snakes. A cyclist rides his bike, can't really protect himself, and he's dehydrated and tired.
Throughout his journey, the protagonist of the story encounters obstacles in the scene. First, he rode his bike in the hot, dry desert. There was no civilization and no natural water source, so he faced dehydration. Also, the terrain he rode proved difficult. He encountered rolling hills that required a lot of energy to ride up. There are even signs of "the rough road ahead", the @CAPS1 disorder is a mental disorder. When he needed an inhabited building, he stumbled across an abandoned juice factory. These are sarcastic and mentally depressing. Cyclists must have lost hope for the @CAPS2 civilization after discovering @NUM1 examples of abandoned civilizations. This frustration must have made his journey more mentally challenging.
Features in the environment can affect cyclists because they want water in towns so they can refill. After going up the mountain, they will want water more. They also want to find a place to eat and maybe take a break.
The characteristics of the setting affect cyclists because of the heat and knowing the water. And how bumpy the road ahead is. Another problem is that the dry air and deserts are full of snakes. Hills are also a big problem due to heat and water. Finally, another problem is that he knows he will die and the birds will eat him and he will have nothing. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The hot, dry, desert environment affects cyclists in many different ways, "I'm traversing California's high desert in June" (@NUM1). Cyclists are hot. He's thirsty, but, "a tar-like substance seeps out, and then somewhere near the zoo (@NUM2) feels a bit salty. The water is barely watery, so he doesn't drink much until the next town." "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (@NUM3). Flat roads are easier to bike on the hills. He's thirstier and more tired after cycling in the hills" Still can see a small Sandblasted photo of boy pouring a glass of refreshing juice in his mouth” (@NUM4) at an old Welch grape factory. It made the cyclist envious of the little boy. It also discouraged him. In short, water doesn’t Well, the terrain has changed. The picture of the little boy and the fact that the cyclist was drinking a lot made him tired, hot, jealous and generally exhausted.
The function of the setting affects the cyclist because when he has water and enough water, the setting seems to be smooth and the ride is easy. This means he doesn't have to use as much water, but he still uses some water because anyone who does @NUM1 miles on a bike needs a lot of water no matter the terrain. The characteristics of the environment greatly influence the cyclist to the middle and end of his journey, as it becomes bumpy and hilly, so he needs more water that he doesn't have. And since he intends to be able to fetch water at the first stop, he also doesn't conserve water, so less is left for him when he really needs it. Then he became dehydrated after the first stop and he didn't drink any more water, so it caused him to become dehydrated. So the characteristics of the setup seem to affect the cyclist because when he has enough water and doesn't really need it, the terrain is flat and easy to ride, but when he drinks the terrain becomes more and more bumpy. So the characteristics of the environment affect him a lot because they don't help him, they only get worse when he needs to get better.
These features affect cyclists in a number of ways. One is that he is already afraid of going up this real mountain. The other was that he was going up this big mountain, it was hot, there were snakes, and he was scared and tired. Almost all of his energy was gone. He just wanted to stop, he was determined to go up the mountain. He also knew it wouldn't be so bad because he could just relax all the time.
After reading The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit, I noticed that the setting of this adventure influenced the narrator. First, the heat makes the narrator feel uncomfortable and thirsty. While moving, he referred to the trip as "dehydration," a phrase that indicated he was dehydrated, a major problem. Also referring to the roads as "rolling hills", this shows the reader that they seem to go on forever. This reduces the narrator's hopes of getting there quickly. The desert also gives the author little hope of reaching his destination. Both physically and mentally affect the narrator.
The context of the story affects the cyclist because it keeps him going because he's alone and without any help. First, the fact that he is alone makes his determination high. If he has a buddy, they can stop for a break or share water. Next, the fact that there are no buildings, houses or anything in sight affects him. Just because he saw the building in front of him, he gained a power. If there were buildings, he could have stopped to ask for more water and rest. The fact that he was in the California desert in mid-June really affected him. He had no resolve there because he couldn't do anything to improve his career. At one point he even thought he might die. In conclusion, the setup does affect the cyclist as it determines his stamina and willpower.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many different ways. For example, he asked the older guts, "He hasn't left the porch since Carter was in the office where he fetched water at the next place. And he had nowhere to go in the middle. It was also June, the weather was warm, and he didn't have a lot of water."
Many functions of this setting affect cyclists. First, he was in "California High Desert in June." This affected him in many ways. This made him very dehydrated. He had to conserve water and chew on pebbles to keep saliva from accumulating in his mouth. Also, the road gets very rough. The new terrain forced him to push himself harder and lose energy faster. The last feature is distance. He had to travel farther than he had planned. This again affected his energy and spirit, creating the idea of possible death that could not be realized. These are how some of the features of the settings affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Since the cyclist is in the middle of nowhere, he cannot get any water. "I've read once that sucking on a rock frees your attention from thirst," he was so thirsty that he barely had the strength to move on, "more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke," it was hot outside, he didn't water, so this affects his energy.
The function of the settings affects cyclists. The grim Duran proved a challenge when his water supply was running low and all towns were abandoned without refills. The heat is also a factor that makes him feel tired and tired very quickly. While riding the bike, he had a glimmer of hope for the old water pump, but was quickly disappointed when the hot liquid tasted sour from the battery. The setting sets the conflict and helps achieve the tone the author wants to influence cyclists.
These settings affect cyclists through the roughness of the ride. First, they go over a pile of rocks and the tires might turn. Next it will probably be smooth and easy. Also, it may be far from town and difficult to return. A lack of water may make you dehydrated. This is how the environment around a cyclist affects him.
The setting in the story, "The rough road ahead: don't exceed the speed limit," is a nightmare for any cyclist. This cyclist rides in the desert on a summer day. The sweat dripping from him only accelerated his dehydration. This is shown when the narrator says "big circles of dry sweat surround my shirt and I'm more and more aware that I might fall down with heat stroke" (Kulmarski). This shows how hot the desert was and how he died. As he passed abandoned towns and factories, the desert was also deserted, full of billowing tumbleweeds and giant snakes. The danger to cyclists in this area is very high. Cyclists are lucky to get out of these environments alive.
The desert areas of California dehydrated him. The trip was long, but it was only by following the map that he had enough water to get him there. Old men who thought "haven't left the porch confinement since Carter took office" told him a shortcut he followed that ended up nearly killing him due to heatstroke and dehydration. If the cyclist had followed the map, he could have stopped at the store to buy more water if the conditions were that bad.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The setting of the story is the dry California desert, because if it were a run-down city, the events in the story would not have happened. The author asked a group of elderly people for directions to Yosemite National Park, "like a stupid young man," and followed their advice. Everything started well until he reached the second town. He was nearly dehydrated and, "ironically", he arrived at the abandoned grape juice factory. He almost lost all hope until he rounded the bend and met his new hope: "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp - If you don't trap big fish, we're your best bet", and finally he Learned to stick to the map instead of "the old man who didn't leave their buying range, hce carter was, h office"
The peculiarities of the environment affect the cyclist because first of all he realizes that it is useless to get advice from someone who no longer drives or even leaves the porch. When the author says that "since Carter took office, old people are no longer afraid of their porches", he is explaining this. Then, "I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face," he said, and he's anywhere around the insight of how to ride a solo bike instead of a lone bike. The curbs of the turns are so sharp that only one bike can keep them as safe as he is "He gets sweat out of his eyes to make sure it's not a mirage and tries not to get excited" @CAPS1 will make a lot of people in this situation Excited about his own long lonely icicle.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist by making the road to Yosemite National Park longer, more difficult, and more dangerous. He's in awe of some of the older folks doing this, saying "haven't left the porch there since Carter took office." I think @MONTH1 has a reason not to listen to them despite their wisdom.
There are no cars, no buildings in the environment, which means no help. Cyclists feel tired and dehydrated due to lack of water. There was no one around because it was a desert. The cyclist was dehydrated but kept going to the destination. The road is straight, but there are many hills almost at the end. In addition to having to ride his bike up the hill, he nearly hit a snake. It's hot, he doesn't have water, he might die.
The settings feature in the story "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" greatly affects cyclists. For example, the heat constantly dries the cyclist. Also, in the first town, the old water pump proved to be a hopeless cause and the water tasted like "battery acid". Even after that there were more questions. There is a sign that says the maximum speed limit. Cyclists are about a fifth of that speed. It affected his mood and he realized it was going to be smooth sailing. The pebbles he found helped him. He remembered reading that sticking pebbles in his mouth quenched thirst. In the end, the bait shop gave him the relief he needed at the end of the trip. In conclusion, the setup makes the rider's journey personal, but in the end the bait shop is just what he needs.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. For example, they are not nearby towns. One reason this affects a cyclist is that if towns are close to each other, if he runs out of water, there will be shops nearby. Combined with the possibility of heat stroke, and with no one around to help, he could easily die. From what I've read, I believe where he is has the most impact on him.
Hot weather dehydrates cyclists and they can't find more water. The rough terrain of the hills was draining his energy. It was so hot that he had to break the road to where he wanted to go. He was exhausted physically and emotionally. He has had a difficult journey.
The characteristics of the environment affect the nature of the cyclist's life, whether he is hydrated or not. The post "Don't exceed posted speed limit" comes after "big laps of dry sweat make me thirsty and increasingly aware that I may be getting heat stroke on a nice June day". This suggests he's dehydrated from the sun, a feature of the setup. "A tar-like distance gushed out, followed by a turbulent current of about two hundred degrees." Cyclists knew the place had no water, another environmental feature that affected cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. Cyclists in Joe Kurmaskie's article "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" have many hurdles to overcome. When he first showed the old man his map, he was probably thinking, "@CAPS1 gosh, what did I get myself into?!" Because the cyclist believed the old man told him the shortcut, he was late in the day There was a lot of doubt, anger and determination at times. It was really hot and he was running out of water, which made him worry that he would dehydrate and die because he started to think he was lost. The hills also tire the cyclist, which affects him. All in all, the cyclist finally found a small shop with all the determination and hard work he put in.
The cyclist's environment is in the desert, which affects him because he may suffer from heat stroke. The text says he's dehydrated, and if you're too dehydrated, it's not healthy and you'll die of it. However, when the wind hits his face, it cools him down, along with sweat. As long as he has some lijid left, it should be ohang.
The backdrop for this story is a dry, hot desert in mid-June. These features of the setting influenced the author as it showed how he started strong+firm and his left weak+skeptical. At the beginning of the story, the author says, "Things started well. I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face." This shows the reader the confidence he had in himself before he started the trip. Later in the story, he describes the scene as "the high desert of California in June." He's describing the heat + what he's facing. It goes on to tell how he became dehydrated from exhaustion. But he came to a small town and "cool water dripped from my head as I leaned against the wall." @CAPS1 He breathed a sigh of relief. As the environment changed, so did the author's attitude.
Different characteristics of the setup affect cyclists, for example, the temperature really changes everything. If it's too hot, you'll get tired easily. Then again, if it's too cold, breathing can become very difficult. The cyclist in the story was in a desert area in June, so it was really hot and tiring. Also, terrain can affect cyclists. If the road is full of hills, it will be difficult to climb these hills. If it's all downhill, it's really easy, but all uphills are hard, flat terrain is fairly easy. The cyclist in the story was on flat terrain, which then turned into a lot of hills, exhausting him. The function of the setting does affect cyclists
The setup affected the cyclist as he faced the road, he wasn't sure the weather was hot and dry, and wildlife. The article states that,
This setting has a big impact on the condition of the cyclist. First, June is very hot and dry. The cyclist was traversing the "high desert of @LOCATION1" where he encountered many hills that he had to climb and move down. With all these obstacles and heat slowing him down, he will need water, but it's already low.
In "The Rough Road Ahead No Speed Limit" story, the narrator is faced with a challenging and dangerous desert that he must traverse. He's not driving, he's riding a bike, and hiking through the desert is tiring enough. A man rides a bicycle. "The speed limit is @NUM1. I'm consuming @NUM2 water. Life is so cruel sometimes." In the horrific @NUM3 degree heat, the narrator swallows his water bottle so fast that he's drained Dangerous. Not only that, but he's been riding for so long that he @MONTH1 passed out from exertion, or, . " I could have a heat stroke on a fine June day just because I listened to some gentleman who hasn't left the porch in decades." So I'd say the narrator is haunted by his surroundings.
The setting affects characters in ways that would normally affect people. When he entered the first town, he was out of water, but the water in the town where he was now tasted like battery acid, so it was not safe to drink. When he started going out, the scenery changed. "The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This hints that the town he's heading to @MONTH1 may be abandoned or not use. He saw a giant rattlesnake and tumbleweed. This is a common sign of the desert. He struggled to balance, as he put it, "trying to balance in a dehydrated state." He eventually got to the point where he had to put a rock in his mouth to trick his brain into not being thirsty anymore.
The characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist because at first he had to pay attention to the snakes that usually cross the road, then the street was curved and bumpy, so the road structure frightened him a bit, he rode his bike in June, it was very hot, he was short of water, So he thought he would suffer from heat stroke. These things affect a cyclist's performance on the bike.
Cyclists are traversing the high deserts of California. In this environment, everything looks the same. The cyclist was dehydrated and it was getting worse because he had no sun protection. It's hard for a cyclist to stay in good spirits because he doesn't even pass any town or water source. The cyclist said, "About forty miles on the pedals and I got to the first 'town'." This place may have been a thriving little place - like before the last world war - but that morning it was Fits the traditional definition of a ghost town. " This makes cyclists doubt the direction of the old timer. In the vast desert, cyclists don't encounter anything until at least twenty miles later. Heat, lack of water, and lack of civilization make cyclists think he "He's dying and the birds will pick up [him] clean. When cyclists found abandoned Welch factory, cyclists said they used the last of their energy. Conditions affecting cyclists
The setup affects the cyclist by showing that he's a little pissed off. He said, "Don't remember the saying not to take candy from strangers." So we know he's upset about something. He was angry because the older man told him the direction of how to get somewhere, which was wrong. The man figured this out halfway through the story. He also said "the old man hasn't left his porch since Carter took office," so he needs to keep abreast of his direction. So it was a negative attitude at first.
In the "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit" story, the setting affects the character because he doesn't think he's going to the park because of what's around him. Because of the rolling hills and snakes, he didn't think he was going anywhere and thought he was going to die. This is how settings affect characters.
When the cyclist tried to get to Yosemite National Park, he listened to some old people showing him shortcuts. When he started traveling, everything was fine. But then he discovered that there were no buildings along the "shortcut". When he found out that the old man was wrong, he was almost out of water. There is nothing to drink around. He became very thirsty. The fact that he was in the California desert in June did not make his task any easier. Around the time of his journey, he encountered rolling hills that made his journey even more difficult. In the end he found a building, which he exhausted with all his might to discover that it was an abandoned juice factory. Making life without water even harder, he looked at the picture of the boy drinking juice. Finally he got to a pait shop where he drank all the water he could
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. For example, when he is riding on the road, he will choose a destination and ride to it. Then he will take a break. If the destination is a building, he will be determined and determined. If it looks like there's nothing but hills ahead of them, he'll just ride his horse and wait to fall to his death, and the world doesn't care.
I was greeted by a rickety shack, a few rusted pumps and a corral that couldn't hold even the lameest mule. The sight before me is disturbing. No one can be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. With any luck, I'll hit a bump and get one stuck in my throat. If he doesn't listen to the old man's advice, the road ahead is rough, he'll love cycling, and he needs a new map.
The feature in the story affects cyclists by not drinking anything. The person is going to a great distance without any food or water for miles. He may be dead. Another characteristic of cyclists is that there are no people around for miles. If he died there, no one would not know for a few days. I know this because in the story he says "no people in sight, no buildings, cars, or any kind of structure." That says it all, the last feature is that it's hot. I know this because It says "I traveled through the high deserts of California in June. "June is hot, and it's hotter in California.
People who travel almost always encounter difficulties. For the protagonist in this story, it's very real. His first mistake was that when he did, he went too far when he was getting directions from "old-timers". In the story, he talks to the old man on the porch. "What I shouldn't do is let them see my map," he said. Another problem he faced was when he started running out of water. This created dehydration problems for him. In the story, he said, "A couple of tantalizing sips in a water bottle." @CAPS1, another problem he had was the desert areas he biked through. This caused him trouble because there was no one around to help him if he needed it. In the story, he says, "No one can be seen, not a building, a car, or a structure of any kind." By reading this story, we realize that people have problems everywhere, but any problem, big or small, has can overcome
The functionality of the setting affects cyclists because on page @NUM1 it talks about cyclists having to go down the hill and then find the factory to make the juice. Like if a cyclist can't find any buildings, he keeps the hills and wastes a little energy for actaire.
Since the cyclists were really thirsty, the setting wasn't very appealing considering it was a desert. You could tell she was stressed because she was sweating and had trouble trying to pedal.
Environmental impact on a cyclist, most people can't tell 40 miles on a bike, maybe a gallon of water is hard in California especially" the effect on his body would be pretty devastating.
In the story, the characteristic of the environment that affects the cyclist is that when he rides, he has very little water. He also took advice from an old man and came across a @CAPS1 Snake who was walking down a dirt road where there was no water at the time. The conclusion is that he comes from dirt roads and @CAPS2 the main road he travels. He also pledged to stick with it in @CAPS3. This is how you should stick to it in the future.
The cyclist has a lot of character in his story. For example, he has descriptive words that make images come to my mind. For example, "a long, serious hill" I can imagine in my mind. "Can't see people." All these parts of the story left pictures in my mind. It's a good thing, like you want your readers to understand it, and help by describing words.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. One way is "rolling hills" @MONTH1 to make the rider more tired. Another method is water from high temperatures. At the end is the path you took along the way and the number of stops along the way. Heat, lack of water, rolling hills, and the advice you get can affect results with serious consequences. Riders should have a plan and use determination to get where they need to go.
The settings in the story "Do not exceed the published speed limit" reflect cyclists. In the story, a cyclist rides his bike and listens to some old man's instructions. He later realized that these old people might not know that things could change over time. "Never take travel advice from a bunch of old folks who haven't left the porch since Carter took office," he said (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Cyclists take the "shortcuts" of the old-timers, and it takes a long time to get to their destination. Finally, he reached his campsite and another man asked him for directions. This time the cyclist said, "Yes sir! I have a really good map," and "I'm going to stick to it in the future." The cyclist's message is to follow the map, you know that's right, Not @MONTH1 lying or irresponsible.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist by making him dehydrated and hot. He rode his bike through the desert, his water prop on low rough roads with lots of hills and the bike was hard to get out of. He kept going, despite the unbearable heat, and the dehydration was starting to make him unbearable.
I think the boy should ask you for directions to where he's going. He could get there without water, but that's not a good thing.
Throughout the article, the characteristics of the scene influence the mood of the cyclist. Joe @CAPS1 Started with joy and confidence, to determined but helpless help, and then relief. Joe wrote, "Things started off fine...smooth road..." This line suggests that at first, everything was fine. He begins with "a smile on his face". (@NUM1) @CAPS2, things are starting to change @CAPS1 encounters changing terrain. He wrote, "...I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short rolling hills." This sentence illustrates the changing terrain. He starts to lose water to keep going, but he pushes himself to the next "town". Finally, when the author arrives at "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp," he sees an old guy sitting there, and he picks himself up again. The pair said: "Know the best way to get there?" Yes sir! I have a very good map. " This shows that Joe didn't ask for more directions, which was his first mistake. Also, changes in circumstances can change a person's mood and attitude.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists, as it is in the desert, in summer. It affects the cyclist because he is riding the bike. For example, in this story, he is running out of water. He started git dehyjradid.
The setting affects cyclists due to mood and how each change occurs. For example, the cyclist feels different when the settings are changed and it really affects him. It's like in a pretty town, if the environment is all sunny, then he will feel good, but if he is in a dark town, he will not feel very happy. So this setting really affects him.
After he traveled for a while, he mentioned "I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June." I believe this setup gave him the resolve to keep pedaling so he could live. But then he started thinking he might die, but he wasn't sad or sad, he was happy. He laughed a little to himself because he might die for listening to some old man. In my opinion, I think he sold his whole life in this environment in California.
The cyclist gave him more disadvantages and then advantages. Their advantage is that they can go downhill. The downside is going up the mountain, running out of water in the middle of nowhere, it's hot outside, getting lost in the desert, and not having much hope until I see the factory. The biggest downside is that he rides a bike, not a car. So he didn't have @CAPS1 and had to ride and keep going. But riding a bike without water in the desert and you're the last one sucks. He was lucky to have climbed the mountain, otherwise he would have died there. Thinking he saw something good, he checked. I think for future reference riding, don't use the bike in the desert, it's not smart.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because when all cyclists are worried about finding a place with water, all he does is get scared and panic. In other words, when he looks around, the environment he sees is like a desert, with no buildings. The story goes, "I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June," and it affected his spirits when he saw him panic and think he wouldn't make it.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist in different ways. The lady had been listening to the old man to get to where she was going, and as a result she ran out of water and almost died of thirst. When she was going to the place, she saw a snake "at some point the tumbling weeds crossed my path and an insanely large snake did look like a diamond back" (@NUM1). She started seeing things that didn't exist.
He was affected by lack of water, hills, snakes on the road and road conditions. " There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle." This quote explains that lack of water is a problem. The hills affected by it are being "paralyzed". The snake had a long way to go, and he didn't know how to get through it. Finally, the road is rough and you should exceed the 55 mph speed limit. So he was affected in many different ways, not just one.
The character of the desert trail made the cyclist nervous, but it also made him determined to escape. He passed "ghost towns", "abandoned buildings" and diamondback snakes. These are images traditionally associated with getting lost in the desert, enough to terrify most people who travel alone. The author even commented that the sadist might find his story endearing. He often mentioned being afraid of "falling off" to death, being eaten by vultures, and even jokingly wishing to suffocate himself at some point. However, he was determined to live. Despite being against him, he kept going, even after losing "what [he] thought was [his] lost burst of energy." He even maintained a sense of humor throughout, writing a diary entry that would leave the old man behind the sentence Wisdom, finally, when he found a place to rest, he turned it all into a lesson he was sure to follow: follow the map!
Cyclists are affected by the heat, hills and inaccessibility. For example, a cyclist who is increasingly dehydrated and "has a large circle of dry sweat on his shirt" may "fall off from heat stroke". The hills must have forced him to use more energy, and finally the land of man. If towns are still populated, cyclists will not be affected by the environment.
The functionality of any setting affects how and how you operate. Features impact cyclists through water, assistance and safety. "I once read that sucking on a stone helps you get rid of your thirst by getting your saliva to flow." The quote made him desperate for water, saying he sucked a stone to drink his own saliva. The rough terrain and abandoned roads the old man sent him on were outdated, leaving him unable to ask for directions or even know if he was on the right track. On the way, he encountered a snake. Being so far away from civilization, in case of being bitten by him, there will be no one to help Ran Ran on the roadside. And, if he gets heatstroke, he doesn't have water nor help. Safety, assistance and water are all factors that influence these characteristics and how they affect cyclists.
The function of this setting makes it very difficult for cyclists. It has a lot of hills which will make him consume more energy. Also, it's a desert, so it's very hot and dry. This makes the author need more water than usual. The author said: "...I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June." The author knew that it was dangerous to go there without drinking water, he said, "...I might have a heat stroke..." If the conditions were cooler, it would not be would be so dangerous.
The characteristics of the cyclist around him negatively affected him. He's riding his bike through the "California High Desert in June" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). His water bottle is slowly running out, and the only town he's ever been in has water that tastes like battery acid. The event seemed bad until the speaker became elated when he saw the @ORGANIZATION1 factory. The author is thirsty and there is a "sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a glass of refreshing juice into his mouth" on the side of the building (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The building was abandoned. The speaker went on to say: "Somehow I climbed out of abandoned juice and dream factories, slowly gaining ascension while losing hope" (Kurmaskie @NUM3). After that, he lost hope and almost gave up. Landscape or features have had a very negative impact on the authors due to lack of water.
This setting affects cyclists as there are lots of hills and very little water.
The rough road ahead of the cyclist in the story does not exceed the speed limit posted by Joe kurmashie, which is largely influenced by the character set in the story. First up is the suggestion to go to @CAPS1's "shorecay" which naturally separates him from all the others and places him in the wilderness with limited water supply. His lack of water was the second thing that affected him, because it made him feel hopeless and feel like he was about to collapse and die. In the story, he said: "It really doesn't matter. I'm dying, and the lard will pick me up. It just goes to show that the character of the scene makes him feel hopeless.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits," many of the features of the setting affect cyclists. One characteristic that affects the character is the heat of the sun. The narrator says "the sun is starting to set" (@CAPS1).
The characteristics of the setting greatly affected the cyclists in the story "Don't exceed the posted speed limit." In the story it says, "I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June." This tells readers that it's hot and you need a lot of water to survive, especially if you're biking or working. Later in the story it says, "I let go of my past, trying to keep my balance in a state of dehydration." This sentence informs the reader and tells us that cyclists have a hard time surviving through the harsh features of the environment. In the California desert, I know from prior knowledge that it is hot and dry, especially in the summer. If you work outside, like the cyclist in this story, and you don't have water to drink, you'll get dehydrated and eventually die. The author does a good job of showing readers how the setup affects cyclists.
In the article "Do not exceed the published speed limit", the characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in many ways. One thing is water. There was very little water and it was very hot. He took a bite. "It tastes like battery acid," he said. For me, if the water is hot, don't taste it. Another point is the land. The land changed from straight to hilly. This started to slow him down. Finally, it's daytime. It was getting dark and he was still riding his bike. He wanted to go as far as possible.
When the cyclist gets tired easily, the features in the settings affect him as he is cycling in the desert in June. There are no rivers in the desert, so he cannot get water. It was so hot outside that he couldn't see clearly because all the sweat was in his eyes. No one was there either because of how hot it was.
In the article "Rough road ahead, do not exceed published speed limit", the setting affects cyclists. The environment affects the cyclist's mind and body, and when the environment is good, he has a positive outlook and is full of energy. Later in the article, as the environment becomes less attractive and more treatable, the cyclist becomes tired and miserable.
Cyclists always face many problems such as weather, road conditions, etc.
Features in the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The first way that features in the environment affect a cyclist is that the entire trail is deserted, leaving him alone without water. In the story it says: "This place may have been a thriving little place -- say, before the last world war -- but that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town," explaining that he was alone, while The first town he visited was deserted. How the next example functions and sets up
The characteristics of the setup affected the cyclist due to lack of water, which made him layered and a bit tidal. Lack of shade increases sweating rates. The rough road makes it difficult to balance. Snacks slowed his getting out of bed. He thought he was going to die.
The setting for a story to "don't exceed the published speed limit" is very important for the events that occur in the story. For example, the story is set on the highway at @NUM1, and cyclists can only do @NUM2. It's important to the events of the story because because he's doing @NUM2, it's a big deal for cyclists and it almost leads to dehydration. Plus it's hilly. This led to the execution of the cyclist, so one could see that the background was very important to the outcome of the story.
Set in California, it's not the coolest place. [temperature]
At the beginning of his journey, the cyclist is relaxed and his environment features. "I enjoy the tranquility of early summer evenings," he says. At @LOCATION1's campsite, the environment is calm and relaxing. In the first town, the surroundings were shocking, but humorous to the cyclist, who started to get nervous. After looking around, he said. "The sight is shocking." Bike tipping got worse when he read for the next town. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This part of the journey affected him the most. The character of his environment and land made him tired and thirsty. For cyclists, this environment plays a big role.
In Joe kurmaskie's article "Rough Road Ahead; Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", settings are integral to how a cyclist feels and behaves. The cyclist feels increasingly hopeless as the surroundings around him gradually dim. At the beginning of the trip, the cyclist encounters a ghost town. "I laughed, checked my water supply, and moved on." The cyclist is still thinking positively at this point in this article. After a while, the cyclists came across another set of abandoned buildings. He found the scene "disturbing". @CAPS1 The cyclist is worried, he is not yet depressed and pessimistic. Going further, the terrain of the road changed, and he saw a sign named after the article. "The speed limit is 55 mph. I'm doing a @NUM1 that consumes water. Life can feel so brutal at times." The cyclist gets worse and worse as he rides, but eventually he finds one that has A place for working water. He was overjoyed with the building and wanted to find the owners and kiss them.
Some features that affect the cyclist's setup are that he is cycling through the dessert. "I'm going through the high deserts of California in June," he says. So he's peddling a bike, hot. The road became bumpy. A sign reads "Bumpy road ahead: don't exceed the posted speed limit. The speed limit is @NUM1, he's going to @NUM2, so it must be hard to get over all the bumps. Finally he met, and the viper got in my way. Most of the sidewalk." So he was dehydrated and trying to climb on a snake would be scary. So on his @CAPS1, this setting doesn't help him much.
Cyclists have many problems getting to @LOCATION1. They had to overcome many difficulties, such as lack of water, getting lost, desert heat, and little things like snakes and road conditions. The backdrop of the California desert in June is the most intense hardship. That and lack of water. While the heat starts to rage in the cyclists' brains by making them see mirages etc. The heat and the overall environment make travel more difficult for cyclists.
The setup affects cyclists because no one wants to be outside in the California heat in June. But first, while trying to stay cool, the heat was taking a lot out of his body. Then there was the factor of little water when he got to the first town, the story says, "There was a tar-like substance oozing out, and then a feeling of salty water about two hundred degrees." So now he has no cold water to drink, when he says : "When the next leg of the ride was less than two miles, I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." As a result, cyclists have little water and don't have to support the most cyclists on the ride. The hard part. Then later he mentioned changing a paragraph if he lost consciousness. He also talked about the possibility that he could suffer from heat stroke. It is implied that his environment affects him in many different ways.
The settings for the article "Do not exceed the stated speed limit" are very dry, sandy, hot and inhospitable. On the way to Yosemite, he took a "shortcut" so he took me through the desert. When he first left it in the hot and flat part of the desert. His emotions were high, and she was confident. "Things started off great. I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smiling face." With this, he reached his first "town," but he wasn't worried about the amount of water he was going on. In his search for water, the terrain began to turn against him, "the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, and a huge highway sign jumped out at him. It read: Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceeding the posted speed limit." This lowered his confidence, especially since everything was empty and no one around him would find him if he had a heat stroke. He kept his resolve and we saw the factory, but he kept going. When he saw the first race, he was overwhelmed and the terrain flattened again. When asked if he needed directions, he said he had his own map so he could stick to terrain he knew was a break. He can keep hope for himself and follow a true set of directions.
Anyone who's ever ridden a bike knows how relaxing it can be, but when you're forced to ride miles on @CAPS3 terrain without any water, relaxation feels like an oasis, @CAPS1 through the dry, worn roads around You really enjoyed your experience, @CAPS2 it expands your thirst by increasing the dryness in the air and the energy you have. Blocking all of that and trying to focus on something more manageable is exactly what you want to do in these situations, @CAPS3 terrain does shape a cyclist's character, but combined with the amount of water he has and the dryness around him, Sounds like torture. I can only hope that if I become a cyclist I will never have to put up with this situation.
Cyclist Joe Kurmaskie had a rough time on his way to Yosemite @ORGANIZATION1'l park. Granted, he was misguided, but if the terrain and climate worked for him, it would have made life a lot easier. Not only was it hot in the California desert in June, but he only had a water bottle. A water bottle @MONTH1 will last longer if it's shot straight, but it doesn't. Roads go up and down, there are hills there, there are towns - ghost towns. The only water he could get out of the pump was scalding hot, and it tasted sour. And, if it's a direct shot, he won't lose that much energy either. It's easy to say he was really rough and had to resort to putting a stone in his mouth to circulate the saliva. All in all, he was very determined to overcome the very unfortunate conditions he faced and was very lucky to have survived.
The character of the scene influences the cyclist in many ways, for example, he rides his bicycle "through the high deserts of California" in June, which makes the intensity of the story very high. If it was @DATE1 and it was a breeze, it would be different.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist's lack of water, poisonous snakes, the condition of the ride, for example the lack of water affects the cyclist because he can't do it without water, if he doesn't have water he may pass out. How another environment affects An example of a cyclist is a poisonous snake, if he gets bitten, he may die because no one can help him. The last example of how the environment affects him is the road condition as it makes it harder for a cyclist to reach his destination, hills and windmills, that's how I think the environment affects a cyclist.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is if it's hot and you're riding a long way, you need a lot of water so you don't get dehydrated. It also affects your vision as you look at the sun. Another way cyclists can be affected by the environment is if the roads are rough and in poor condition, which can affect the way they ride their bikes.
@PERSON1's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit" has some statements that we kind of make no sense. A sentence in an article has several words that don't need to be used. In this sentence, about forty miles from the pedal, I got to the first "town" and I don't think "entering the pedal needs to be there because it doesn't describe anything.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is to set. Cyclists in dessert in two hundred degrees of weather. Use very little water. Also, cyclists don't have maps, he asked someone who hasn't had their porch since Carter took office. "Large circles of dry sweat surrounded my shirt, and I became more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June, just because I listened to some gentleman who hadn't left the porch in decades." This quote about how the setup (@NUM1 degrees weather, dessert) @CAPS1 him. Besides, he listened to someone who didn't know what they were talking about. In summary, this is how the setup feature affects cyclists.
The setting of the story is very desert, like I mean desert and heat, and he really has to push himself to do it. The riding conditions are tough, and there are plenty of shapes to turn it into. Also, in the story, he gets an energy boost and hits the hill as hard as he can, then relaxes. That's the background, that's the synopsis of the story.
The environment affects the cyclist, because the environment around him is hot, so he is more dehydrated and needs more water. There were a lot of hills, so he had to pedal harder and use more energy to climb. No cars, buildings, smoke, just nature. Cycling is a peaceful and easy ride, which affects cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment greatly affect the cyclist, and if these factors had not crossed his path, his journey would not have been so difficult. Climate, location and population all have an impact on cyclists. In the story, the cyclist is in a dry climate in California, in the midst of a hot June. They are also short of water, which some have to sip carefully. So there are also very few towns, making it difficult to get good advice and supplies. The cyclist also encountered a snake, exposing him to local wildlife. The dry climate and lack of water clouded his suspicions. Cyclists often fear passing out and dying from dehydration. A cyclist also becomes suspicious when he sees a road sign reminding him how slow he is going. The snake also had a depressing effect on the dangers of his journey. All these things in the environment affect cyclists. His journey has really taught you the low determination that you will be rewarded. You have to want things bad enough and put in the effort. The author also teaches you to always maintain a positive attitude to be successful.
With all the dangers of doing so, these features and settings affect cyclists. He listened to the old man's advice and did so. But even if it starts well, few things last forever. He rides horses in midsummer and deserts with little water. He ran into an abandoned town, the next town was only @NUM1 miles, and the road ahead was rough. But when he did reach the abandoned town. until he finds hope and sees a man in a chair
The features of this setup can affect cyclists because they are out of town. I say this because the cyclist talks about "the old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office." So that means he doesn't know where he is.
On his bike ride to Yosemite, several factors prevented him from getting there. First, it was obviously false information given to him by the elders. Second, because the information is not true, the cyclists have insufficient water. It made him dehydrated. The route given to him in the end included obstacles such as snakes, stone roads, old ghost towns and abandoned buildings, which made cyclists lose confidence. These are the environmental characteristics that affect cyclists
This setting affects the cyclist as he should stack on his own map. He should have brought an extra bottle of water. @NUM1 doesn't take any advice from someone who hasn't left the porch in years.
The setting in the story affects the mood of the cyclists, who take shortcuts in many abandoned towns, buildings, and rough terrain. When he came to a fork where there was a water pump, he immediately started pumping, the water was unfit for drinking. He was determined to go to the next town. "I can do it," he said. He had to keep going because of ghost towns and old water pumps. When the cyclist came to the side of the road to warn him to pay attention to signs on the road, he became frustrated, "I'm so sad". Finally, he was grateful and wanted to express his gratitude when he arrived at @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 Fish Camp. Circumstances can affect a cyclist through his mood, and the cyclist starts off as ok, but as the circumstances get worse, his mood and hopes go to waste. Finally, when the environment is bright, so is his mood.
The characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist because he was thirsty, it was hot, he had almost no water, he almost died because when he was drinking, he hit a bump and saliva got stuck in his throat , Tired mountain climbing never seems to end.
The characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist because he was not prepared at first, the cyclist received instructions from an elderly man who had not left the porch in years, so he had no idea what had changed. Then the cyclist starts his journey without a lot of water. When he got to the second town, "I noticed a change in the terrain. The flat roads were replaced by short rolling hills. The meaning of the phrase was that he didn't expect mountains, he thought it would be flat. Road. Also at @NUM1 degrees, he can't go up and down the hill regardless of the limited water supply. Go down the hill to give him a break. This is how the cyclist is affected by the set function.
Many factors affect cyclists. The temperature, the terrain, the orientation all make cyclists suspicious. Temperatures in California's high desert leave cyclists hot, dry and irritable. Throughout the story, he has only a few drops of water left. Knowing your water level is low "feel sorry for yourself" cyclists have been on their bikes so far and the terrain is starting to change from flat to "rolling hills". This can make a big difference to someone who has never ridden a bike of any class before. In the end, the feeling of hope may have affected him the most. Not believing in yourself is the hardest thing to overcome. Just received instructions from an elderly man to endure hours of torture for cyclists. The author uses hyperbole to exaggerate the cyclist's sense of hopelessness. He also paints a picture for the reader with very detailed text. These literary elements make it easier for me to understand the impact of temperature, terrain and hope on the biclist.
The function of this setting does affect cyclists. He was brought into a false disguise by his surroundings. Didn't he know it would be dangerous for him? He was in grave danger when he walked to a rock on the road and found the pump was not good. In the reading it says: "The sun is starting to get hot but barely noticing. My name is written on the cool pines and rushing river in Yosemite." This setup has cyclists so curious that He didn't even realize the heat.
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit," scenes such as water shortages were expressed, and ultimately the cyclists could not be found to help influence the story. In his time of need, the cyclist said: "It doesn't matter. I'm dying and the birds will pick me up, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and a journal, the last of which is a compliment to the old man Wisdom." The cyclist lacks necessities in the features around him and is letting his self-esteem drop; giving up hope. When the cyclist found hope, "with a swig from the sink, I had an overwhelming urge to find Gary and Wilbur, kiss them, and buy some bait." The cyclist stumbled upon him Something surprised and thankful that he was still alive. Cyclists shouldn't take the advice of the elderly for granted and will now focus on people's sense of direction.
The background affects many things in the story. The context of this story affects cyclists. The environment was very hot, which slowed him down a lot. For example, he said he ran 55 miles
The setting of the story is "The High Desert of California in June". At first, the cyclist seemed very confident and excited about his journey. It was during this period that he changed his mind. The cyclist was running low on water, so he stopped to get water from this pump, but all he got was this sour smell. So he's heading to the nearest town @NUM1 miles away and he thinks he can do it. So he was heading towards the nearest town when the terrain started to change. It changed from flat road to short rolling hills. During this period, cyclists began to lose hope. He thought he would die of dehydration and the birds would separate him. Then, when he thought it was too late, he saw a sign that said "Gary and @CAPS1 Fish Camp", he ran into the store, took a swig from the bathroom sink, and as he walked out of the store, An older gentleman asked him if he needed help and he said no, I have a really good map. The heat and rolling hills have a negative impact on cyclists. I mean he went from being confident to thinking he was seeing mirages and death. It says in the story "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage" and "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up" so this brings up the act of self-doubt.
Cyclists are strongly influenced by their environmental characteristics. They need water, and without it, they can become dehydrated or even die. They need a shade tree because it keeps the sun from hitting them so strongly. They also need to ride their bikes when it's not that hot outside, so they have a better chance of surviving in case the water gets lower there. It's great if you have someone with you when you're injured. There should be buildings nearby, just in case. It might even be a good thing to carry a cell phone.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in more than one way. The first features a crumbling shed, a few rusted pumps, and a corral that won't fit in the lameest mule. These items make cyclists feel suspicious. When he saw that these things were outdated, they made him start to think he was going the wrong way. Then he was unable to get any clean cold water from the pump to save his life. This is the first obstacle that affects him. The next feature of the setup that caused the problem was tumbleweed and "a ridiculously large snake". They scared the cyclist and made him go around these things. You could tell he was scared because he quoted "I got over it easy". Cyclists' journeys become exhausting, never-ending, and difficult when flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills. Two other things affected cyclists. These two things consist of logos. One reads "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Posted Speed Limit" and the other "GARY AND WILBER'S FISH - If You Want Big Fish, We Are Your Best Bet." The first sign affects in a negative way It made him a little angry and frustrated because he was tired and dehydrated, and the rough road ahead made him hopeless. The second sign brought him to the water, and it was something that made things better, so it had a positive impact. These characteristics have implications for cyclists.
This setting affects cyclists: due to changes in terrain. A tough spot for cyclists is when the terrain changes from flat sections to rolling hills. The author writes, "I tell you" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The cyclist is going through a rough section and it is not easy to pass. Another difficult part of the cyclist's journey is when he sees the abandoned juice factory. The narration states, "A building comes into view on a long, broken mountain" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Context clues that provide difficult information are the words "long" and "crippled". @CAPS1 in these words provides the feeling of being drugged in the tough environment of cyclist travel.
The cyclists encountered some tough obstacles on their way to Yosemite. He got directions from a group of old men who had not been to the place they had told him for a long time. They say there will be a small town, it's more like a ghost town. It was a hot day on the bike, he was riding in the desert, and @CAPS1 made it worse. Due to the hot weather, he often drinks water to stay hydrated. This meant that he ran out of water very quickly because the old man had already shown him the way, the places were no longer open and he couldn't get more water. The cyclist also had to cross roads in poor condition @CAPS1 making him even slower. These features in the settings make a big difference for cyclists.
Many functions of this setting affect cyclists. At first, he couldn't drink, was dehydrated, and then, he rode hard and lost more energy. Then he finds the bait and gets the water. All of this greatly affects the condition of the cyclist.
The cyclist's travel environment affects him, as if he were a little desert in California. This affects him because he has to ride his bike through it and his calories burn him a lot. He doesn't have a lot of water because the desert around him has no river or water supply. Finally, he found a store that affected him because he got a cold drink and supplies that also helped him. So in the end his surroundings destroyed him and then rescued him.
Cyclist rides to Yosemite National Park and runs out of water on the way. "Just a few enticing sips in the water bottle." Then the hills come into play, making you even more tired and thirsty. "The flat road was replaced by short rolling hills." The rider thought he couldn't survive, "I'm dying, the birds will pick him up," but he found a place to get water, "deep from the sink. drink water," and finished the ride.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the settings make a big difference for cyclists. At first, conditions were good when the cyclists set off in the morning. The shade of trees and rivers is breezy. Then, a few hours later, the cyclists came to the desert with the rugged hills. In the story, the speaker said, "Within less than two miles of the next ride, I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." Road conditions and lack of water did affect cycling's people. It takes more energy to go up and down the hill without any shade, which means he needs more water that he doesn't have. Environmental conditions do affect cyclists, and they might be less dehydrated if cycling was easier.
The setup is characterized by affecting cyclists, interfering with their riding on the road, limiting their speed, and making them travel longer distances than originally planned. For example, the function of the setting is to interfere with cyclists riding on the road because it tells them where they can and cannot go, and they should not do or do things like "no entry" or "one way". Second, it limits their speed, because if the function is set to say the speed limit is @NUM1, the cyclist can only ride around @NUM1 and can't go any further, which will make the cyclist take longer to arrive Where they want to go, they can't go faster. Third, it gives them a longer distance than the original travel plan or exit, or how fast they can ride. For example, "Rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit" signs. So the functionality of this setting affects cyclists during the log.
Features of the environment affect the cyclist because they doubt or reduce his chances of survival, but the cyclist is determined to survive.
In the article, the features of the settings affect cyclists. One characteristic that affected him was his lack of water: "There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. The lack of water made him very desperate, especially when he came to Welch's grape juice factory. This building was abandoned many years ago. There was Welch's grape juice factory and bottling factory." This desperation, after he came to the abandoned factory, was followed by disappointment, and the phrase "I bowed my head" when he found the abandoned factory. A vague sense of despair expressed. These are some of the features that affect the cyclist's setup.
No water, rough Terran, bad information - all these are the reasons for this boy's poor performance, I say no water because he is dehydrated but needs to soak his water. He may also have died of heat exauston. I also said the terrain was rough because he could fall and get hurt without help. Most importantly, he gets information from old people who don't know what they're talking about. Theas has left all examples of articles that support my writing.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story, it recounts a June challenge for cyclists in California's hot desert. Cyclists start with confidence, then determination, then ease. This environment affects the mind and body of the cyclist. It's silly to listen to old people first, then go on a trip not sure if you have enough water, and finally cross the desert in June. He also began to doubt himself, which didn't help the trip's success much. Once he was at a fish camp and an older man told him he knew how to get to Yosemite, but the young man did the best thing and told him he already knew how. There. He doesn't need to travel for hours in the desert heat, it's just unhealthy
Cyclists are affected by many things while riding, most of which are characteristics of the setup. One of the setup features that can have an impact is terrain. If the terrain is rough, it may be more difficult for the cyclist to control the bike, especially if he is not a professional rider. For example, the author of the article on the page @NUM1 titled: Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Speed Limits, had difficulty on rough roads due in part to his level of experience. Another aspect of the environment that may have an impact on cyclists is the climate. Most cyclists? ? ? Knowing nothing about the sport knows how to dress to keep the body at a comfortable temperature, but sometimes the weather can trick us. Cyclists may be caught in a sudden heat wave to keep the temperature down.
The features of the setup enhance the cyclist's spirit of despair. Throughout the journey, the cyclist is alone, with no people around, no cars, and no buildings. This made him even more desperate because if he was dehydrated, there would be no one to help him and he would just die. In addition, he encountered things like "Welch's Grape Juice and Bottling Plant" which gave him high hopes but quickly crushed his spirits. These events made him even more desperate because he had nowhere to support and nothing to fall back on in a life-or-death situation.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the features of the setup affect cyclists in many ways. First, when he was riding about NUM1 miles on the road, he saw that the terrain was changing, which scared him, he said: "The sight is disturbing. I hit my water bottle a lot" (kurmaskie @NUM2) . He means that as things around him start to change, the more frightened he gets. He kept drinking lots of water just to allay his fears. Another example was after he left the sign telling him not to pass. He said "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (kurmaskie @NUM3). It was also an example of how he started to fear when he saw more changes. He won't stop and change because of the road, the water is running out, he still has the courage to go further. The circumstances gave him fear, but he survived.
In the story, the cyclist has run out of water. He had mentioned that it tasted like battery acid. His surroundings affected him, and he looked around and saw no one for miles around. That brings despair. There was also a desert where the sun was shining on him and there were only sand and cats around. Now, if you saw it, you would think of no water or noticing shadows, because when you hear these descriptions, the desert is visualized.
The "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" feature affects cyclists. The environment has an effect on his mind and body. In the story, the environment did not provide the cyclist with water, making him weak. Spiritually, he was greatly influenced by the characteristics of his environment. An example is seeing the abandoned Welch factory and seeing a picture of a boy "pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth" which made him bow his head while riding a horse. He also thought that he would die here. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
I believe the first photo is closely related to the "worry" story, as the author's son was tormented. It shows him and his friend @MONTH1 like. It also shows surfboards that emphasize surfers. This is what I thought of the first photo. The second is only a little related because it has a surfer surfing. So all in all, the first photo is more accurate than the second.
As the cyclist tries to find Yosemite, he stumbles into a million environments. In the beginning, when he talked to the old man on the porch and let him walk away, there was nothing but dessert. "I was greeted by a crumbling shack, a few rusted pumps, and a corral that couldn't even fit the lameest mule." Only him. "At some point, rolling weeds crossed my path, and a ridiculously large snake -- which did look like a diamond blocked most of the sidewalk in front of me. Rolling weeds usually meant desert. He also looked at At the @CAPS1 grape juice factory and bait shop, he finally found someone to show him the way.
On the bumpy roads of the previous story, the bike is affected by the environment in many ways. He was thirsty because he was in the desert in June and it was hot. Also because of the heat, he may suffer from heat stroke and dehydration. In the end because it's a desert and wild animals like snakes and lizards could hurt him or poison him and he could die and that's how the context of the story affects the cyclist
The cyclist in @PERSON1's "Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" had some difficulty traversing the desert. The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because it is a desert, there is no water to drink, there is no vegetation, which means there is no water, so he is dehydrated. And the environment of the town he went to was devoid of creatures and people, so he couldn't quench his thirst there either. There was a spike in one town, but the water was dirty and hadn't been pumped in a while. Then he came to the abandoned Welch Juice Factory, from where he thought he was done, but then he finally came to a store with a bathroom where he drank from the sink and he was relieved. The rocky road also affected him as he was almost out of water and the rock tent required more strength and stamina.
In the paragraphs that do not exceed the published speed limit, the character of the desert does not have any positive effect on cyclists. There are "rolling hills" in the desert. When a cyclist goes over a hill, it requires more energy due to the laws of gravity. Because the cyclist uses more energy to climb the mountain, he only has enough energy to "feel sorry" for himself. The more mountains, the more energy is lost, and the more tired he is. The desert is hot and dry. Apparently, because he's in the "California Desert in June." @CAPS1 will make him thirsty. He did stop to drink water, but a "tar-like substance" appeared. When he stopped again for a drink later, it was "cool" and likely refreshing. Cycling in hilly, dry, hot deserts, cyclists get tired and thirsty.
The function of the setting affects the cyclist through the obstacles in the setting. Obstacles are objects that stand in your way, and objects that you are trying to advance. Some obstacles in the story such as hills, forks and rough roads. In the story "@CAPS1 Road Ahead @CAPS2 Exceed Posted Speed Limit the Rider runs into", a huge highway sign jumped out at me saying: Rough Road
In the story, "Do not exceed the published speed limit," the setting affects how cyclists ride. In this story, the scene is where there is no water and all he can see is the road. This affects the cyclist because he's hungry and thirsty and now he's going down a very steep hill, is afraid of crashing, and takes care to make sure he doesn't have people around him who have nowhere to help the environment affects the cyclist in this story people.
Features in the story tell me that it is in a very dry, sparsely populated area. It says the California desert has rolling hills and is dry. I think these things affect the cyclist by dehydrating him. Going up and down can be tiring, especially when you don't have a lot of water and need to save some water. The quote "I hit my water bottle a lot, I traveled through the high deserts of California in June" tells me a lot about this story. Summer June in the deserts of California is a very brave and silly thing to do. Twice as hot in summer.
The function of this setting affects cyclists who don't have good instructions from old timers. In the text it said, "Never take travel advice, from a bunch of older drivers who haven't been out of porch confines since Carter was at the office," meaning cyclists don't have good directions. Because the road may have changed, the old men don't know, because they've been sitting there on the porch. That's why I think sales affect cyclists.
In an article titled "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits". It's about a gentleman who rides his bike to "Yosemite" and doesn't know how to get there. So he stopped and asked some seniors, who said, "Never take travel advice from a group of seniors who haven't been out of porch confines since Carter took office." @CAPS1 said they were unfamiliar with the changes. After leaving the old man, he continued his long hot journey. He started running out of water, so he started panicking. Next he came to writing "Rough
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because it is so hot that the cyclist is constantly drinking and sweating, so he is really working out of dehydration and fatigue. Also just how unsafe it feels there. Like how he saw an insanely big snake, or how it was getting hotter and hotter.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead; Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit", the function of the settings has implications for cyclists. Circumstances and traits affected not only his body but also his spirit. This environment made him doubt himself and the man, and also made him not have the energy to go where he was going. Where the cyclist rides in California takes a toll on him physically. It was hot and he had no water. It made him tired and frustrated. The environment also affected his mood. He was fine at first, but as he moved on, and as the road slowly turned into a hill, he began to feel frustrated and angry because he listened to these people. Since he couldn't see any buildings for miles, he began to lose resolve and hope. Finally, when he saw the slogan "Gary and @CAPS1 Fish Camp", he began to regain his hope and lessen his frustration. The context and character of this article not only affected the cyclist, but also his spirit. He starts out firm, then as circumstances change, he becomes suspicious and frustrated. In the end, he was satisfied because the environment seemed more promising.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The text first mentions, "No one in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." This suggests that the cyclist feels safe and begins to upset him. Another example from a text describing a cyclist is, "I was greeted by a ramshackle shed, a couple of rusted pumps and a corral that wouldn't fit in the lameest mule. " Man saw that he was frustrated with the water lame in the pump. It could also spark fear in the cyclist as he is running out of water. He was scared because the water tasted like "battery acid" and he wouldn't last long. In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", many features of the scene affect cyclists. Rusty water pumps, highway signs and an abandoned juice factory all seemed to make his trip even harder. First, when the author stumbles across a "crumbled shack" surrounded by "several rusty pumps and a corral that doesn't fit in a lame mule," he's eager to check that the pump has much-needed water. When he found that he was unlucky and couldn't drink bitter water, his hopes dropped a little bit. It was as if the sun was taunting him, telling him he couldn't do it. Second, he passed a large road sign that read "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit". He began to feel hopeless again, but then turned his anxiety into a determination to complete the journey. When he noticed the speed limit was @NUM1, he said "life can be so cruel sometimes" but he kept going, pedaling hard. Finally, the author saw a solitary building in the distance and almost couldn't believe his eyes. It turned out to be not only his last hope for water, but an abandoned grape juice factory. He reflects on the irony of his stance by saying that his situation "should please all sadists." Thus, the character of the setting affects the reader by highlighting the negativity of his situation, which in turn motivates him to keep pedaling.
In the article "Do not exceed the speed limit", the characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in several ways. One way it affects him is that the temperature is very hot, and it's hot outside and his water won't stay cool. This is a problem because you need good quality, cool, refreshing water to stay hydrated. Another way is when he hits a fork in the road. He didn't know which way to go. All he saw was a crumbling shack, a few rusted water pumps, and a corral that could not fit even the lame mule. The sight is disturbing. Last but not least, the pump wasn't working very well, so he got down on his knees and started pumping. Water does not cool. He tried a drop or two, and the water tasted like battery acid. These are some of the characteristics of the environment that affect a cyclist's journey.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. First, the rolling hills make it difficult to tread on land. "Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills," suggesting the terrain was becoming more difficult. A long crippling mountain", also showing how hills can affect cyclists. Another feature of the environment is desert and high heat. This causes cyclists to become dehydrated. "Trying to balance in a state of dehydration" and "I'll fall out of heat stroke" tells me how hot cyclists are. The last feature that has an impact on cyclists is the old abandoned factory. Seeing boys with a refreshing glass of juice, cyclists lose In hope, he doubts he will survive. 'My Head Down' and 'Abandoned Juice and Dream Factory' tell of how cyclists lose all hope when they see buildings. All these environmental features are Negative impact on cyclists.
The setting of the area where the cyclist is cycling affects him because it makes him weaker. Since the cyclist has a long walk, he spends more time in the desert. Being in extreme heat can cause a person to become severely dehydrated. We know this is the case with cyclists because he says, "…but not until I pick up a few pebbles and put them in my mouth. I've read once that sucking on rocks can help you get rid of your thirst …” This @CAPS1 is saying that a cyclist puts a rock in his mouth to make him forget how thirsty he is. I think this @CAPS1 explains exactly how dehydrated cyclists actually are. If he was willing to put a dirty rock in his mouth to help him get out of dehydration, he was already thirsty. Another thing that affects a cyclist's thirst is his level of effort, which is also a feature of the environment, because at the end of the trip, he encounters rough terrain, he applies more energy, which makes him Sweat more than him. This makes him @NUM1 even more dehydrated. The story is explaining how the properties of your environment make or break you.
There are several features of the environment that affect the cyclist, one being that he travels on a hot day in June. "And getting more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June." The heat spread to the cyclist, who feared he might have a heat stroke. On a hot @DATE1, the terrain wasn't ideal for cyclists either. "I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." The cyclists were tired, and the hills made things worse. "Just a few enticing sips in a water bottle." Cyclists quickly run out of water and have nowhere to get more. These glitches in the environment affected the cyclist as the weather was so hot that he was running out of water and the terrain was rough. The environment is not good for cyclists.
According to the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the characteristics of this setting have a great impact on cyclists. One way that environmental features affect cyclists is that mountains make cyclists more tired. Especially since he ran out of water and then had to go up and down the mountain really exhausted the cyclist and caused him to dehydrate faster. In this sense, the characteristics of the environment influenced him. The snake also affects cyclists. This snake scares cyclists, adding to the fact that cyclists are dehydrated. Another way environmental features affect cyclists is Welch's grape juice factory. The factory makes cyclists more thirsty, dehydration is considered more in the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", and the characteristics of the settings have a big impact on the cyclist.
The fate of the scene affects the cyclist because in the story the character makes the weather look like terrible weather, for example when he says "big circles of dry sweat around my shirt" this is the scene that affects the rider One way of people on bikes, because it's almost like you're in the story, you can imagine what the characters are going through because everything is written in great detail.
The characteristics of this setup will affect the cyclist as it makes it difficult for him to reach "@CAPS1 National Park". He took the advice of some old people and took shortcuts to get him where he wanted to go. During his journey, he stopped at a "town" which, to him, was considered a ghost town. Then he went to Welch's grape juice factory, but it was abandoned a few years ago, and he became weak and dehydrated. He thought he would suffer from heat stroke. At the end of his journey, he reached a fish camp where he found water to drink. A man asked him where he was going, and the cyclist told him. Then the man asked him, "Know the best way to get there?" The man was much older than the other elderly people who gave advice to cyclists. So the cyclist tells that person "yes, sir: I have a really good map". The man realizes throughout the scenes on the trip that he will never take the advice of the old man again.
In the article "Do not exceed the posted speed limit", the setting affects the cyclist's sense of direction. The cyclist knew where he was going and how to get there, but the old man told him their "shortcut". This undermines his own sense of direction, as he gets outdated instructions from "the old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office." This is how the setting affects the cyclists in the article.
The characteristics of the environment have a great influence on cyclists. I say this because when there is peace and calm, it motivates you more. Than when there are a lot of things around you.
Steep mountains, undulating roads, jagged rocks—all are why the environment has an impact on cyclists. So cyclists need to know what happened and what happened to @MONTH1. For example "Rough Rough: Do not exceed the published speed limit." This setting resulted in a lot of changes. So yes, this setup does reveal a lot, and I guess it also describes how cyclists @MONTH1 reacted to it. So yes, I think these settings do affect cyclists throughout the story.
I think the character of the setting that affects cyclists is, "The old guys in the story remember how they used to be robots, as they say in the book the world is a fluid place and things are always changing. So in order to let The cyclist finds his way and he has to try to piece together the piece the old man gave him.
The function of this setting affects the cyclist because you won't let him sit in the rain or he won't ride the bike. Another problem is that you won't have a sitting city when there are only trees and rivers around.
The characteristic of this setup that affects the cyclist is that he has to deal with a lot of things on his way. Like his predecessor, he had trouble on flat roads that were replaced by short, rolling hills. The next thing was to put up a sign that he can't ride @NUM1, he has to do @NUM2, which disappointed him. Then a large snake blocked most of the pavement in front of him. He is dehydrated. He became sad, hopeless, but still had the energy to feel himself.
Several features of this setup greatly affect cyclists. One feature is the desert he bikes through. The June desert heat can easily dehydrate one. The effect is better when exposed to the sun for a long time, exercise, and lack of water. In addition, changes in terrain and road surfaces can also affect cyclists. Driving on flat roads requires less effort than climbing hills. If the road is also rough, the cyclist has to push harder up the hill. There is also the mental effort to keep the bike from tipping over on uneven surfaces. Finally, no buildings can be seen. When someone is dehydrated but has no water, they are desperate to find some water. But if there is nothing nearby, they start to lose hope. Once they lose hope, they don't try to keep going, they lose some strength. Considering all the things that negatively affect cyclists, it's amazing that he managed to get through and to the water.
A scene in Joe Kurmaskie's short story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Go Over the Mandated Speed Limit" upsets cyclists "a rickety toilet, a couple of rusted pumps, a beast that can't hold the most tame mules The bar greets me," disturbing him because he was in the middle of nowhere. Quoting "The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed the terrain was changing, with flat roads being replaced by short, rolling hills", suggesting he was troubled by having to climb over hills. As you can see, this setting is very impactful for cyclists.
The character of my prose setting influences the cyclist by giving him hope. A cyclist is showing the way to several elderly people on the porch. The direction seemed incorrect at first. The wreckage of the grape juice factory made it seem like he would never find civilization.
The characteristics of a cyclist's surroundings affect him to the point of exauhstion and dehydration. Exhausted, dehydrated, or tired and thirsty, cyclists are all begging to dress as the environment changes from flat to undulating. The cyclist explained that "flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The cyclist's idea here is that he's looking for a new challenge on the slopes of this California desert coaster. His water supply was thinned by the heat, and the hills were exhausting him. All this cyclist can hope for is the blessing of hydration and the shadow of floating clouds.
This setup severely affects cyclists. Riding his bike in the desert following outdated instructions nearly killed him. He also encountered several dilapidated factories and towns, making it even more frustrating. However, he encountered the last stop that saved his life.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", cyclists are influenced by their surroundings. At first, the man set out from a reservoir camp. His confidence is high and he is ready to continue his adventure. As the days passed and he could only find abandoned buildings, he became concerned that there would be less water, and he found "a shackled ram shed, a few rusted pumps" with no signs of life. He realizes that his journey will be difficult. Circumstances and the risk of death gave him the determination to move forward. Despite his fear of dying from dehydration, he knew "crossing the high deserts of California in June" that his only chance of survival was to keep going. The man's surroundings prompted him to keep cycling until he found the fish camp. If he hadn't been so aware of his surroundings, he might have given up, but it would have been devastating not to get out of the desert for "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers."
This setting affects the rider as it is very hot and makes him thirsty. How long did the Road Witch affect his mental state, and for how long? Immediately, the impact is coral
The characteristics of the settings can affect the cyclist because they change the cyclist's mood toward the rider. For example, in the article "Rough Road Ahead; Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", it says: "No people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind. I started dividing the riding tribe into great distances. .can see the horizon" cyclists had to do because they were thirsty and boring to ride, "a crumbling shed, a couple of rusty water pumps" which hit cyclists because Saw this and realized later that he couldn't drink water, he was even more thirsty because he was running out of water. When the cyclist noticed Welch's grape juice factory, he made up his mind to go there. In conclusion, the cyclists in Joe Kurmaskie's article "Rough Road Ahead," cyclists' emotions about riding are strongly influenced by environmental characteristics.
This setup affects cyclists in many ways. He had a hard time pedaling when he was going up hills. The hot summer days upset him. He is dehydrating because he has a little water left. It said he was trying to balance in my dehydrated state. He has a feeling of giving up.
The characteristics of cyclists affect cyclists in many ways. One is heat. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, it says "I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June." @CAPS1 California is known as the "Sunshine State" and I can infer that it's pretty hot. Another characteristic that affects a cyclist is when he thinks he can get some water, but the water is hot and tastes like battery acid. This is said in. This is said in paragraph @NUM2. This is how the function of the settings affects cyclists.
The setup function affects cyclists because it's a conflict. It was a conflict because it was hot and he got lost. I'm sure he's hot as he has limited water. He can get anything because he's lost. The heat made people thirsty, but he couldn't because he had limited water. Another conflict is that he gets lost. It's a conflict because he needs to be somewhere.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist as he rode his horse through the sweltering deserts of California to reach Yosemite on his bike for NUM1 miles with almost no water on the way. What kept him going were the cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite.
Throughout this article, the environment has multiple effects on cyclists. When he first entered the "shortcut" that the old man gave him, he was full of confidence. When he arrived at the first town, he saw that it looked like a ghost town, and he continued on confidently. When he got to the second stop, his water shortage started to show, "I got on my hands and knees and fiddled with the rusty water handle with all my strength. It showed that he was going to work hard and needed water. When a cyclist Passing another place with no water hope he put a stone in his mouth as he once heard it can help you get rid of your thirst and almost lost hope as he traverses the hot @CAPS1 desert without water When he found one lost, he drove when he saw a store with water. Even though it was a hot and harsh environment, it inspired him to keep going, get through tough times and survive .
Cyclists in Rough Road Ahead: Do not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit are greatly affected by this setting. There are no buildings or people anywhere in town. This emptiness meant that he could die without anyone knowing. Also, the environment appears to be very dry, with desert-like conditions, and without water, cyclists can become dehydrated and possibly heatstroke. Also, the setup seems to be hot. The heart also dehydrates the cyclist physically and mentally considers the logic of heat stroke at the time.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. The heat, animals and terrain slowed him down on the journey. The heat slowed him down because he didn't have enough water to keep his baby moving, and he said he slowed him down because he had to sneak around it so it wouldn't bite him. The hills affected the cyclist because it takes a lot of energy to go up the hill, when he said he couldn't see anything.
The desert's dry, bare and rough terrain affects cyclists in the story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Established Speed Limit" to Yosemite. Cyclists' expeditions are hampered by obstacles. Dryness was a big problem on his trip. ".I cross the high deserts of California in June" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This explains the hot, arid climate where he rides his bike. This climate reduces the speed of travel that the cyclist intends to impose. Not many towns are present as cyclists ride in the desert. When cyclists did approach a town, it was abandoned. “I was greeted by a crumbling shed, a few rusted water pumps, and a corral that couldn’t even hold a lame mule” (@NUM2). Cyclists will want a nice rest stop after a ride through the desert, but all of these are ghost towns. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (@NUM1). Cycling for hours in a hot desert and limited water isn't enough to be a challenge; flat land is replaced by hills. The cyclist was exhausted by all the other obstacles the desert faced; rough terrain affected his journey as his speed was reduced. In conclusion, a number of factors negatively affected Cyclists Expedition Yo Semitic. The dry, flat and hilly terrain of the desert hindered his journey
I believe that in some cases the setting of the zone affects the mind. In the reading, the man was riding a bicycle, he didn't see anyone, he had almost no water, and couldn't see houses or people as far as he could see. It's scary and gives a feeling of helplessness, but if he's at @LOCATION1 and passing cars, people and cars on the street, he'll be calmer, he'll only be able to get water during the ride, where it's going to be very hot Cold, he will drink less and go further. It will change his mood.
Don't exceed the speed limit posted by @PERSON1 in the story, the setting affects you because it will have a psychological effect on you if you can't see anything for miles and you've run out of water. You might start to panic when it's parked in an old house and all that's coming out of the pump is battery acid. Also, you don't know your exact location, which also affects you because you don't know where to go or if you should look back or what to do. If I were this person, the characteristics around me would have a big impact on me.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. At the beginning of the article, she was glad she got a shortcut: "I followed their device and launched it in the first place along a 'shortcut' that would shorten my trip to Yosemite National Park." He thought he knew where he was going. "I laughed, checked my water supply, and moved on." As she entered the first town, "the sight was disturbing." I got down on my hands and knees and tried my best to operate the rusted water pump handle," she started worrying/out of water, the next town "only eighteen miles down the road." "Now in a low profile." There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. " Then he saw a building, but it wasn't open anymore, so he got back on his bike, but his mind changed, and he was distraught and expecting death. Then he saw a store," Gary and Wilbur Fish Camp". He went in and drank cold water and used his map, not the old guy.
There are many environmental features that affect cyclists. One of the features is lack of water. This dehydrates the cyclist and thinks incorrectly. It also makes the cyclist less energy. An example would be, "I'm relaxing in the past, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state." The @CAPS1 function is heat. The heat makes cyclists thirsty and sweaty. An example would be "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage..." @CAPS1 An example would be, "I hit my water bottle a lot, and I traveled through the high deserts of California in June." The environment features in many Aspects that affect cyclists.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", there are a number of environmental features that affect cyclists. The first feature that affects cycling is the desert terrain, which is so hot that there are no trees to provide shade. This affects the cyclist as he gets hot and thirsty. So he drank more water than usual. Second, he was running out of water because he was drinking more than usual, so he had to conserve water, which made him dehydrated. All the towns we passed were ghost towns with no running fresh water, which disappointed him and contributed to his dehydration. Just when the cyclist was losing hope, he found a small bait shop, hid in the shade, and finally got water to drink. So after all these disappointments, he found hope in the little bait store, which gave him the strength and spiritual boost to keep going to Yosemite National Park.
The features of the setting make the cyclist's journey longer and more strenuous. The reason it's in such a remote area doesn't help. For example, someone who still lives in that remote area might be as old as their cyclist grandparents and have bad directions. Also, they weren't a new store or area, or a place for cyclists to go; the pumps he found were old and dirty, and the only building he saw was abandoned. Another factor is rough terrain. It is froit that the cyclist has been very dehydrated and fatigued with long, rough terrain and terrible fatigue. In the end, the last factor is where he bikes in California during @CAPS1 summer, and where he doesn't have nc (but which bike does) doesn't help at all. These are how these features affect a cyclist's journey.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist because the rougher the terrain, the harder the cyclist will struggle. For example, when the shape turns into a hill, the cyclist has to struggle to climb the hill, which causes him to consume more energy. Also, if the terrain is flat and smooth, cyclists will have fewer problems on long trips. For example, if a cyclist puts less stress on him, he's less tired and doesn't drink as much water. In conclusion, this is how the characteristics of the setup affect cyclists.
He won't know when the rider or the road @MONTH1 he'll face his bike or one of the wheels of his bike bad things might happen or he might fall off the bike and he'll get so tired that he Can't go anywhere he might give up more
The environment affects a cyclist's need and comfort to ride, there is no infrastructure around, or people are in the best mood, no car, just him and the beautiful sky to ride, just as he must have infrastructure to pay attention to people, cars , just go to the street signs every day and take action. So that's the function of the settings that affect cycling.
In the cyclist's adventures, the environment is not only a factor in developing the character, but also in how he pushes himself not to give up, even when he feels helpless. Here's an example of how a cyclist can be affected, "I hit my water bottle a lot, I'm walking through the high deserts of California in June," and with this information you can observe how this harsh environment takes a toll on his body Problem because his body needs water. He was very limited and couldn't taste it well. These problems create dehydration problems, when you mentally think you're going to die without water. You start to panic and lose control of yourself.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. have
In Joe Kurmaskie's "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the character of this scene disappoints him the most. You can tell that the character of the scene is disappointing him because every time he gets to a small town, he doesn't have access to water. In the text it said, "I was on my knees and operated the rusted water pump handle with my hands and knees as something like that seeped out, then @NUM1 degree brackish water that tasted like battery acid." You know the setup order Man is disappointed when he sees the terrain he has to traverse. You can tell who he is when he says "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake." The narrator is disappointed that he listens to the old man's instructions instead of using his map. Joe Kurmaskie does a great job of getting a narrator confronted and how he feels about them.
The characteristics of the settings affect the cyclist b/c the route where the cyclist is on a rough road. Cyclists listen to the bad advice of some elderly people who haven't left their porches in decades. Also, as he started the long journey, he started to notice that the advice the old man gave him was bad advice, cyclists are going to Yosemite, and he got some advice from ??? (not clear at first)
When the cyclist first set off, he did well, he had plenty of water. As he moved on, and found some reason, he started going into the desert. He's hot, he's almost out of water. It made him dehydrated. Also, seeing tumbleweeds and lack of vegetation probably made his spirits worse because he probably thought he would never be able to get rid of these. However, he was probably relieved when he saw the fish and meat shop, he would be saved,
Cyclists experience many impacts, one of which is the environment. The setting affects them because if the setting is short, it's easy to smooth out. But if it's a long bumpy road, it's hard to control the bike, which means the cyclist's job gets harder, and that's how the cyclist is affected by his or her settings.
Cyclists encountered rough conditions on their way to @ORGANIZATION1 park. The first is that the town he came to is a ghost town. Then he ran out of water and was blocked in front of him by tumbleweeds and a large snake. He had no more water, the road ahead was rough and he came across a juice factory. There was no one there, he was out of water, and he didn't know how long it would be until he came to another town. That's why I say how the characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist.
The features of this setup have a very negative impact on cyclists. According to the old man, if the cyclist followed the route they told him, he would pass through several towns. But every town the cyclists came to was deserted. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind." With the town empty, the cyclist's water supply is dwindling because he has nowhere to get more water. He was dehydrated and kept pushing himself to find a place with fresh water. "Trying to balance in a dehydrated state." At one point he found some pebbles and considered sucking on them because it would help slow the dehydration. But he didn't because he thought he'd suffocate them. The surrounding environment also gave him negative thoughts. "It doesn't matter. I'm dying and the birds will pick me up." Because the environment is a hot, inhospitable desert, it has a very negative impact on cyclists. If he hadn't run out of water, I don't think the setup would have been so bad. But because he did run out of water, the effect got worse.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. One reason I say this is because he runs out of water and he may sweat. Also looking for water made him slower. Another reason I say this is because the guy gave him the wrong direction and it got him lost. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
It is said, "Experience is a good substitute for @CAPS1 instincts." This means that if someone knows how to deal with the environment they are in, they can survive even if they are not born with animal instincts related to territory. But even the most experienced can overcome the extreme weather conditions they live in. In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead", the seasoned cyclist decides to take a long, difficult and dangerous trip. His rides will take him a long way down California's long desert trails with limited water supply. This is the main element with him in the story. Because he listened to the same old man, he did not drink water for most of the trip. Between his constant exercise, extreme heat and dehydration, dehydration struck quickly. A common side effect of dehydration is hallucinations, and cyclists know this. "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage," the article reads. This represents his knowledge and experience in the matter, showing that he adapted through experience. A similar story to this is "To @CAPS2 a fire" by Jack @LOCATION2, in which the man also battles the extremes of nature through vukor, but the elements still outpace him. Both stories represent the human quest for adventure and the struggle for survival that people face.
The characteristics of the settings affect the cyclist's energy. In the setting steering irds hills, it can every cyclist.
The characteristics of this setup have the greatest impact on the cyclist because it keeps him in a state of hydration. This keeps him from running at full power/efficiency. It robs him of the little energy he had in the first place. This is how the environment affects him.
This setting has a big impact on cyclists. The desert and heat without water caused him to become dehydrated. The rolling hills and rough terrain tire him out. In the story it said "and became increasingly aware that I might be getting heatstroke on a good day in June." This suggests that the heat and terrain may have caused him to overheat and suffer from heatstroke.
The temperature of the place a cyclist rides has a big effect on him. The heat makes cyclists sweat. This affects him because he will be thirsty and eventually he will run out of water. In the text, for example, he says "there are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle," and then goes on to say, "I might fall out of heatstroke." This shows how it affects him, as he thinks he'll get out of the heat fall down.
The settlements that affect cyclists are characterized by harsh and hot climates and topography. The author clearly wrote "How the sun shone on him, he nearly died of dehydration.
The function of this setting does affect cyclists. If the road is rough, you must have the right bike. Then, if you get a flat tire, you have to know to watch out for dangerous and toxic stuff. If you have a really serious accident, you have to be prepared in case they don't get to you in time. You have to know what the night is like. For example, if it's really cold at night, you need to keep yourself warm.
Deserts and hills have a huge impact on cyclists. The desert must be hot in June, and it must be hard to climb those mountains. The road is also very rough. It said, "The road ahead is rough; don't exceed the posted speed limit." It also said, "I am traveling through the high deserts of California in June." The cyclists were very thirsty due to the heat. I think the environment has a huge impact on cyclists.
The cyclist's condition is largely influenced by his environment, as he got lost in California's high desert in June. The heat paralyzed him, or he looked around for Yosemite. He got lost and ran out of water, which made things worse for him. He seemed lost in the sweltering heat, exhausted, dehydrated, terrified of heatstroke and unconsciousness. This is shown in the articles through "Awareness that heat stroke may be reduced" and "Looks like I lost brevity one last time."
How scene features in the story affect the cyclist, "not to exceed the posted limit", is very dangerous to his life. Cyclists head to Yosemite National Park on a hot @DATE1. The cyclist rode his bike for a few miles, passing only the deserted town, "This place could be a thriving little place...a ghost town." The terrain is dangerous because after about 22 miles, the cyclist Man has to overcome the "short rolling hills" which will consume more energy and make his thirst for water stronger. Cyclists are out of water, and a hot day doesn't help. After a grueling ride, the cyclist used all his might to go to a local bait shop and drink from the sink after the horrific conditions. Due to the lack of water and the terrain he overcame, the set feature in the story "do not exceed the published speed limit" was life-threatening and nearly killed the cyclist.
The character of the set influences the cyclist by making fun of him. First the ripples that stirred his thirst, then the old faucet, and finally the Welch Vineyard. strraing is the beginning stage just to induce thirst, then the tap. The faucet made him feel dehydrated. In the end, the abandoned Welch grape juice factory almost gave up hope. The environment affected his mood.
The characteristics of the scene affect the cyclists in the story. In the story, it said: "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. I could fall due to heat stroke." The statement made it clear that cyclists had difficulty finding and scaring water where they were riding . He was talking about how he would die if he didn't drink water. Another example is that there are no buildings around, and there are many mountains and roads. In the story it said: "The flat roads of changing terrain were replaced by short rolling hills. This meant that he was partly alone, with no one to go.
In this story, the character of the scene heavily affects the cyclist. Certain features portray this "journey" to Yosemite National Park as terrifying, but at the same time enjoyable. "I'll take a short trip along this breeze." The word breezy suggests that cyclists can enjoy cycling because there's a breeze. Another peculiarity of the setting is that it is very old and dirty. The water a cyclist drinks makes his mouth drier. "A tar-like substance oozing out, and then the feeling of salty water." This indicates the filth of the water. This setup also shows that the cyclist has to use everything he has to survive. It says "Operate the rusty water pump handle with all my strength." @CAPS1, these features depict the sacrifice and bravery of a cyclist.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", the setting greatly affects cyclists. The cyclist's surroundings made her drink a lot of water due to the dry weather. "I traveled in the deserts of California in June" suggests that she is likely hot and sweaty, and there is no water source near her. The rough terrain also forced her to rely on her own strength to go up and down the mountain to get the flora and fauna. The circumstances in the story have left the cyclist dehydrated and debilitated, she is forced to avoid many dangers with insufficient water supply, and there is no sign of a living person near her. "This place may have been a thriving little place before the last world" which suggests a ghost town that is currently uninhabited. There was no one around her to help. This environment caused her health to deteriorate. Her physical health was at risk due to dehydration and lack of energy. Her mind also began to clear up. She shook her head to make sure she saw something in part of the story.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. Because this guy doesn't have a lot of water, he's going to the California desert in June. Another reason was because the flat road turned into rolling hills and there was a sign in front of it that read "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit." The speed limit is @NUM1. One more thing is to make sure you don't listen to an elderly gentleman who hasn't left the porch for decades. Here are some things that can affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist as it affects her condition. She needs water to survive, and the next town is very far away. So she might pass out without the brakes and the heat. "When I tried the cloth, it smelled of battery acid" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). If she doesn't find water soon, it will affect the state of the herb. In addition, the characteristics of the environment affected her determination. When she knew she needed to find a town. She works harder. "I would save my water or my inner spirit for at least an hour or so" (@NUM1). She will do her best to make smart moves and get to town as quickly as possible. She worked harder because she knew that without water, her life was at risk. Now, things may get tougher.
During his bike ride in joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead", he experienced changes in settings, such as flat roads and then into short, rolling hills. When he rode, he said the road was smooth. "The flat road was replaced" which tells us that the road he is on is fine and flat. Then as he rode, he noticed the land had changed. Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills. " This tells us that as the terrain changes, cyclists have more trouble. That's how the land changes.
These features affect cyclists. The setting affects cyclists because it gets really hot. So he made some suggestions for some shortcuts for some old people. Then come to discover that these tricks are not really shortcuts. So now he's mad because he took their tip. He was also running out of water and dehydrated. He saw that there was water in an abandoned place, but in order to get it, you need to pump it. So he started pumping and saw black goo. He pumped about @NUM1 to cool the water, but it didn't cool down. Come see how water tastes like battery acid. So he started riding again. But came across a snake. Luckily he escaped, but he feels like he's dying and regrets listening to people who haven't left the porch since @PERSON1 was president. What pissed him off even more was that they seemed so sure. While he was riding, he saw a juice factory and went there. Now it's a fishing shop and drink lots and lots of water. He also said that he never listened to the old man and that he would always use the map.
As the author of the story continued her bike tour, the landscape around her became less and less popular. The first thing cyclists encounter is a rusted pump and old shed. When the cyclist tried to get water from the pump, she described the water as being so hot that it didn't cool down at all. Rolling weeds that looked like "diamond-headed snakes" cut through her path as the cyclist moved on. When she encounters a building, which she hadn't encountered in a long time, it was abandoned, implying that people leave because of the scenery. The cyclist met another elderly man on the trip, but she decided against his advice because of the trail left for her by the last group of elderly people.
The characteristics of the surrounding environment can affect the performance of the cyclist, for example, in the article "The rough road ahead". Don’t exceed the posted speed limit” setting is full of hills, twists, ascents, and descents. All of which work against the cyclist’s energy. Also, the understaffing in town makes it difficult for cyclists to find water, so he / She will not be dehydrated. Third, the weather in the article has a big impact on cyclists, as the California desert is hot, cyclists must stay well hydrated to continue cycling.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways, who worry about heat, lack of water and hills. During the trip, he was nearly dehydrated because he didn't have an adequate supply of water, which he said tasted "like battery acid". And he has to convince another @NUM1 mile road so he can finally replenish himself
The characteristics of this setup affect the cyclist, affecting his ability to keep going. In this story, cyclists face many setbacks or problems. At first he took the advice of a very old man whose instructions were outdated. The cyclist then thinks he can keep using the very limited water supply. Then the cyclist becomes dehydrated and angry. The cyclist then found an old building, which he had high hopes for, but abandoned them after he found it closed and dilapidated. Finally, he found a store, dehydrated and hit the road again.
I think functionality affects cyclists because when you program a bike, you need
In Joe Kurmaskie's story, "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," cyclists have a long journey, which is affected by a variety of things and problems. The cyclist was confident in himself at first, but after a while he felt bad and learned a good lesson. "I was dehydrated trying to keep my balance and it made me relax." The cyclist showed that without water, he has a really hard time moving. This sentence indicates that he was not only thirsty, but also dehydrated, which is several for humans. The cyclist also had a really bad time as he had to taste the stones to make his thirst go away, an example of which is
In the article, "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit," a cyclist encounters disturbing circumstances during a trip to Yosemite. He was led off a stable path by taking misleading advice from a group of old friends. In this article, the environment has a crucial impact on cyclists. In the article, the authors describe the day as "June across the high deserts of California." He became tired and dehydrated due to the heat the cyclist was exposed to. For that alone, the cyclist had to work harder, as the man noticed, "the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills." This setup was a major setback for the cyclist's journey and required him Stick to it. In my life, I have to persist and overcome many obstacles. One of them was when I was out camping and suddenly, like in the article, the environment changed and a storm came. Although me and other campers did what we needed to do to get the most out of it. In the article, cyclists are heavily influenced by the environment. This is the same as my experience because the environment affects me. In both cases, persistence brings the ultimate satisfaction of the journey.
Since the road is rough, the characteristics of the setting can affect cyclists. Other things that affect cyclists are water on the road. There are lots of twisty roads that always slow him down.
In the story, the character of the scene affects the cyclist. The environment is described as rough terrain, which makes it more difficult for cyclists to navigate. It was also very hot and there were no buildings or people around. It also makes it difficult for the cyclist as he runs out of water. Throughout the story, cyclists keep going and end up saving
The characteristics of this setup can affect cyclists because the surrounding environment is very negative. Everything around a cyclist is perceived negatively, so it is natural for the cyclist to find the task harder and more challenging than it actually is. For example, a cyclist with nothing around but sand and hot temperatures, because the environment is so empty and no one around, then everything seems harder than it really is. The cyclist also felt he couldn't move on and was weak because there were no living people around him. Also, if the cyclist is in the park, the sun is shining, and there are people around, his attitude will change and everything will be easier.
The harsh environment affected the cyclist, he had difficulty controlling his mountain bike on rough roads, and the heat made him sultry and dehydrated. There is also no building in sight, so he can drink anything. He also really knew where he was going. These are the characteristics that affect cyclists
The setting affects cyclists in a lot of rudeness and harshness too. First, the lack of civility leads to a feeling of restlessness and inability to refill his water bottle. Second, heat and uphill bottles have a huge impact on physical and mental strength. Third, his water bottle was emptying at an alarming rate due to his third and relentless heat. " @CAPS1 He came to the house with a rusty water pump that sped up brackish, near-boiling water that was physically and mentally unable to support porch cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists because "the
The setting of the story negatively affects cyclists. He believed that the people he had asked for directions knew what they were talking about. With direction, he embarked on the road to his destination. Find only deserted towns, abandoned factories and hills. All of this is "June California's High Desert." Exhausted and dehydrated from all of these aspects, cyclst said "I once read that smoking a stone helps keep your focus away from your thirst", leaving his thirst unspeakable. After finding a place to drink, he expressed his deep gratitude and relief for finding water by saying "I have an overriding, buy some bait".
In the story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit", the features of the setting affect cyclists in several ways. On the one hand, the harsh conditions of the desert make him need a lot of water. This is because heat and exercise can dehydrate him. This is evident in the story as he desperately tries to drink water from an old pump with black sludge after he has drank all the water. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
Cyclists face many challenges and emotions when trying to take shortcuts to Yosemite. The cyclist happily started his journey with nostalgia for the cool pine trees of Yosemite. "The sun was starting to go down, but I barely noticed." The cyclist continued to be in high spirits, her water supply dropping. The cyclist encouraged himself to keep going, only to find an empty building. "...tell myself that if I can get that far, I'll be fine." @CAPS1 Many abandoned factories, cyclists have tried many ways to reduce his thirst, including smoking rocks. “… slowly ascending while losing hope.” @CAPS2 The cyclist finds an abandoned building and he is increasingly losing hope. When a cyclist found an open store with a modern bathroom, he "had a strong urge to go to @PERSON1, kiss them, and buy some bait." In the end, the cyclist promised himself to always use him map.
In Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit," cyclists go through rough times trying to reach Yosemite National Park. A cyclist is someone who spends most of their time trying to ride a bike to get somewhere. First, the cyclist asked the elderly for directions to Yosemite National Park. The cyclist knew it was a mistake in the first place, but he hoped maybe they knew what they were talking about. On the second trip, he traveled through a "ghost town" and saw nothing but a bicycle snake. Cyclist is dehydrated and running out of water, the only water he has
Well, some features may be more than others, and cyclists may be more than others. In addition, the authors faced a number of issues including water shortages, poisonous snakes and road conditions. So there are a lot of things that affect the author and the cyclists when they travel there.
In the paragraph "Do not exceed the published speed limit", there are a number of features in the settings that affect cyclists. One feature that affects a cyclist is the snakes he encounters on the road, for example in the text it says "At some point tumbleweed crossed my path and a snake that was ridiculously large", "I installed in On the post, trying to keep my balance dehydrated" is a testament to the snake being a trait that affects a cyclist, keeping him calm even when dehydrated, and all the effects he's had from it.
There are a lot of things that could make his bike ride more enjoyable, one thing is if he wasn't in the middle of the crowd, if he really knew where he was. For example, "no people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." There, he had little water to support him through the day. For example, "Just a couple of tempting sips in a water bottle." @CAPS1, he doesn't know where he's going, so it's harder for him. All in all, these are some of the things that made his trip difficult.
The characteristics of the environment do affect the cyclist in this way, causing him to hallucinate and dehydrate. When juice factories abounded, he saw all the ideas that juice factories were in operation. He saw rusted pipes, which dehydrated him because he knew those pipes would never produce water.
In the short story "Don't exceed the published speed limit," the setting of the story affects cyclists. They made him think he was going to die and worried him in general. In the story, the cyclist takes advice from two elderly people on the best way to get to Yosemite Mountain and ends up in the middle of nowhere. He found himself in the California desert without water, and he let it happen in his mind. "I'm dying, the birds will pick me up." That line comes from the last page of the story. The cyclist was taking an unfamiliar route, and he made himself believe he was going to die. He knew he had no water in the desert, and the environment made him nervous because he was in the desert. If he was in a forest with a stream, he would be less nervous. He let the desert and the heat convince him to die. By traveling through the ghost town, he believes that he will never see another person again, and he becomes funny because of where he is. He thought the heat would kill him. Circumstances influenced him and tempted him to believe he was going to die.
Environmental characteristics, including conditions, weather and water levels, can make or break a cyclist. Conditions such as hills and rough roads can determine a cyclist's future, as if rough roads throw you off balance, you could fall off a hill and be injured or even killed. For example, in the short story it says, "On a long hillside a building comes into view" which shows the conditions cyclists have to deal with. In addition, the weather and the amount of water can also determine the future. "There were only a few enticing nipples in the water bottle. Large circles of sweat surrounded my shirt, and I became more and more aware that I might fall with heat stroke." This shows us that if cyclists are dehydrated enough, , he may pass out and no one will find him in the desert. Also, once he might die without anyone knowing, the heat doesn't do him any favors. These reasons show us that cyclists need to make sure they have enough water and the conditions and weather are right so they don't make life-threatening choices.
When the cyclist is at a low point, he's an abandoned ghost town looking for water that tastes like battery acid. Cyclists feel hopeless in abandoned town. When he first arrived at the water pump and the abandoned juice building, he was a little hopeful and could only be disappointed because the building had no juice and the water from the pump was too hot and the water was not good. The environment is why his mood changes throughout the story.
I will be writing a response explaining how the features of the settings affect cyclists. In my response, I will include examples from the article that support my conclusions. I think the features in the settings affect the cyclist because different things like snow or rocks can affect the way the cyclist is.
The story begins with a young cyclist embarking on a long journey to Yosemite National Park. During his journey, he meets some old but confident people. They told him about a new rout, "cut a few hours" from his ride, set very hot @DATE1. Along the way he should encounter several bustling towns, the first being a "barren ghost town", then the water "the smell of battery acid", and then he came to an abandoned Welch grape juice factory. The author navigates a very difficult environment until he reaches a Bette store. His advice to his readers is to stick to your point of view and don't let the oldies try to change your mind.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead", cyclists change a lot due to their surroundings. Bikers get lost in dessert. This affects him a lot because the desert is hot. He may have died of dehydration or exhaustion. Also, in the desert some animals can be very dangerous on a bicycle trip, he saw a poisonous snake. It's a good thing that he's being careful around snakes because if he's not careful he could get bitten and there's no one around to help him. The desert he was in also happened to be dessert, and there was no one around to show him the way. The worst thing was that he ran out of water. Without water, he may become very weak and dehydrated. Maybe even die. The environment a cyclist is in has a great influence on him.
Features of the environment can affect a cyclist, making him thirsty and making him think he's lost and dying. The cyclist got his message from an elderly man who hadn't left his porch in years. Just when the cyclist thought he was lost, he saw "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp - if you want big fish, that's your best bet!" The cyclist went in to get water, the old man asked He wondered where to go, this time he said no.
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Don't Speed," the setting has a big impact on cyclists. At the beginning of the story, he describes the scenery as "@CAPS1". While he continued to follow the old man's outdated advice. It led him through more barren lands. When he came to the first "town" he described it as a ghost town. The second scene he arrives at is "a romshackle shed, a couple of rusty pumps and a corral that can't hold the crappiest of music" and he moves on to the next town, far from @NUM1, where he comes to what he thinks Is Welch's local grape juice factory and winery. This took a toll on his confidence as he said "I put my head down" and he kept going, finally reaching an abandoned building called "@PERSON2 and Wilbers' Fish Camp". This is where he drinks water and refuels. The setup made a big difference for cyclists. Because depending on the location, the weather decides whether he will live or die in the hot California desert.
One of the main factors affecting cyclists is heat. He drank all the water because of the heat. Another feature of the environment that affects the cyclist is the rough roads, as he is too tired to ride on hills and other difficult road conditions.
In the story "Don't exceed the published speed limit" by @CAPS1, the settings reflect the cyclist's feelings. For example, "flat roads are replaced by short riding hills" @CAPS2 As the terrain changes, so does his attitude. In the beginning, he was happy and carefree, the land had no hills, he was flat. However, once he noticed that everything was not what the man said, he seemed to get a little pissed off and upset, which the @CAPS2 land seemed to reflect quickly, and he found himself on an unpleasant path. The setup also seemed to give the man more hurdles to overcome with the adventure "Tumbleweed crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake blocked most of the action in front of me." The land seemed to be renting out and tormenting him, at which point he started Realize that listening to the old man is a mistake.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't Go Over the Published Speed Limit", the set feature affects the cyclist by draining his energy, he sweats a lot, he continues to drink his water, does it slowly, and still has A long ride ahead of him. "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle." (Kurmaskie's) Because the weather was so hot, the cyclists were thirsty and drank all the water. It's a warm day and he needs to stay hydrated.
In Joe Kurmaskie's book Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits, the scene is in Cody, California. The author goes on a trip
On a rider's long rides, the environment affects him a lot. For example, the hot weather caused him to drink most of the water, making him dehydrated and tired. If the weather is cool, he will hold out longer.
In this story, cyclists are physically and emotionally affected in many ways. One of the ways is the environment around him. For example, when he rode into the first town, he gained confidence because he believed he was on the right path to Yosemite. Then, as the cyclist rides on that old shed and rusted water pump, he starts to get a little worried because he's running out of water, and the shed is never mentioned in Old Seniors. When the cyclist encountered the rolling hills of tumbleweeds and snakes, I believe he started to get frustrated because he got lost. I believe this because he said in the text "I'm going to die, the birds will pick me up." It shows how desperate this man is. He was relieved and grateful when he arrived at "Gary and @CAPS1 Fish Camp" that he no longer had the yellow sun, empty spaces and empty water bottles to burn to his death. This is how features and settings affect him in many ways.
Ride through beastly mountains, hot and burning deserts, and no water. A cyclist walks through a small town, asking for directions. Two old men gave him the wrong direction and sent him on a journey to hell that only the determined can pass. First, he had to drive for miles without water, which caused him to lose confidence, become dehydrated and unable to continue his plans. The terrain he had to travel through was unbearable, and the absence of water would almost kill him. Fortunately, he had confidence and determination, so he got through and learned a lesion. Maps are made for people so if you have a map you should trust it and in the end it shows that the cyclist knows this because he said, "I promised myself then that I would keep going in the future."
In the short story "Don't exceed the stated speed limit on the rough road ahead". A lot of things affect cyclists. Such as rough roads, such as lack of water, the author said "when I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid". It shows how Lope is lost, and he seems a little scared. Abandoned towns don't help either.
All the characteristics of the environment in which a cyclist rides will greatly affect him. First, since he's crossing the desert in June, which means it's pretty wild, he needs a lot of water for the long rides. Additionally, the terrain he rode was rough, causing him to lose energy. The sun was also starting to get hot on him, which meant he was going to take a hot car to town, which later caused him to struggle to get water. In general, hot desert conditions affect cyclists. It dehydrates him and needs water. The story says "just a few enticing sips in the water bottle" that on a good June day he probably fell out of heat stroke, which basically suggests that the hot conditions made him drink a lot of water, and now that he has Running very low, which may have caused him to suffer from heat stroke.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist by draining his water supply and nearly leaving him with heat exhaustion. In the text, he said: The water bottle contains only a few enticing sips. " This hot dog has very little water left to survive until he runs out.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. The road was smooth at first and the speaker was satisfied, he "smiled". (@NUM1). Then there are the huge rolling hills that present a challenge and cyclists need to muster up enough energy to keep going. Rough terrain followed, causing cyclists to ride their bikes harder. As if the rough terrain didn't absorb enough energy, a snake blocked most of the pavement, and the large elevation came into play. The harder the terrain, the harder it is for cyclists.
The function of the setup affects the cyclist because depending on how the setup is done, how much skill they need. Like when they go down a mountain, they really just need to know how to control the bike. If they go up the hill with a lot of bumps, they need to have some skill. Usually if they're riding in a shady area, then dress them up to keep them cool. But if they are going to be in the sun, they need to wear light clothing. This setting has a big impact on the rider.
The settings in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affect cyclists in many ways. The old man told the cyclist that the road he was going was flat, and when the cyclist got there, there were mountains instead of flat roads. Cyclists travel through the desert to their destination. He started to run out of water because it was hot and humid. He's starting to dehydrate and can keep his balance just fine. In this story, the cyclist has to pass a large snake, "an insanely large" snake - it doesn't look like a rattlesnake - blocking most of the pavement in front of me" (Kurmaskie). This snake is very Big, rickety cyclists from dehydration have to do their best to get through it. The setup in this story affects cyclists in many ways.
The features of the setting have influenced many of our readers' cyclists. @CAPS1 are some examples of why cyclists ride their bikes on windy roads. He was in a hot place that resembled a desert. It was hot out there, affecting him during his travels. "I took it easy and tried to keep my balance in a dehydrated state. Another thing that affected him because of the environment was that the desert has rough roads and windy paths. , because he's following the old man's direction. The last example of "Bumpy Road Ahead" is when he sees a snake emerging from a tumbleweed in the desert. A big snake, it does look like a diamond back." @CAPS1 is on a bike Three examples of how people are affected by the context of the story.
Features in the environment such as hills cause the cyclist to use more energy, and the more energy he uses, the more water he wants to drink. It's difficult because he says "there are only a few tempting sips in the water bottle". So he got into trouble.
In the story, the character of the scene affects the cyclist in many ways. For example, he was in the desert and it was hot outside. He was almost out of water too. That's bad because he could be dehydrated. Another example is when he came to the building, at first he thought it was a mirage because he was almost dehydrated. The rough terrain also made it difficult for him to pedal, and he was already weakened by lack of water. Taken together, all these elements of the desert affect cyclists in some way.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist's mood about the journey. At first, he believed that the old man's knowledge of the land was accurate, and he was excited about the future. However, as the journey continued, his excitement quickly turned to frustration and slight skepticism. Hot weather and lack of water make cyclists indifferent. "Once I read that sucking on a rock would help...with any luck I'd hit a lump and get one stuck in my throat." The verbal irony in this passage creates a negative feeling for the reader , it's clear that the cyclist doesn't care what happens to him. When he finally reaches the mark of civilization, the cyclist becomes himself again and decides that his knowledge is the best.
In the "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit While Cycling" story, author Joe Kurmaskie has been riding. The place he rides is up and down hills, and the road is very rough. He was running out of water in the desert. "I stopped in front of a rusty water pump to get water, and a tar-like substance oozes out." @CAPS1 He's out of the car, and he's the least worried about venomous snakes in the desert. He founded Welch's grape juice factory, which was later abandoned. The author found a bait shop and got water
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Don't Get the Speed Limit Posted by @CAPS1," the context of the story affects cyclists in many ways. In the story, cyclists experience many changes in temperature and climate. He also went through changes in the structure of the land, which made it very difficult to step on and get where he needed to be. My reasoning is why setting @MONTH1 affects cyclists.
The hot sun and the desert features of the environment had an effect on the cyclist, possibly preventing him from reaching his destination. The sun is shining on him, making it harder for him to reach his destination. "The sun is starting to go down...a big circle of dry sweat wraps around my shirt." He was so hot and tired from the sun that he thought he was going to die of dehydration. This will likely prevent him from reaching his destination Yosemite. His lack of water doesn't help either, as he can only go to @NUM1, is "water out @NUM2".
The setting of this function does not affect the cyclist. For example, if it's hot outside, then he needs more water than usual. Also, if it rains, he will have to drive more carefully. That's why settings affect cyclists.
In some cases, the environment around people affects them in a number of ways. For example, if you're hot, the tree may be shady, or you're thirsty, a nearby river can help you quench your thirst. If you're hungry and hot, but you don't have anything near you, this will make you hot. In this cyclist's case, the environment affected him in a variety of ways, from rough roads to "ghost towns and trees". For example, he said, "The sun was starting to go down, but I noticed," and that was because of the "cool pines" around him, as he explained in the next paragraph. The text also said the terrain had changed and he even encountered a snake, which increased his thirst. So make it harder for him to go for one. Read this article to see how traits can affect people.
The settings are more powerful and affect a cyclist's journey to Yosemite. The character of the land; in and hills, the fact that it is a desert, and the environment in mid-June also influenced the story. Dry and hilly land is an important factor for the protagonist. Because if it's hills, he has to work harder. The land was dry, so he was thirsty and had nowhere to drink. The land is also a desert, so he has nowhere to turn for help or food, water or civilization. He believed he would not succeed. The text explains in paragraph !!, "I'm becoming more and more aware that I may be suffering from heat stroke on a horrible day in June, just because I've listened to some gentleman who hasn't left the porch for decades, which makes I laughed". important characters in the story. It's hot and dry and deserted, which affects the protagonist and the journey.
Rough road ahead for cyclists in the article: Don't exceed the posted speed limit, get discouraged and dehydrated from the settings. Near the start, after watching the first stop, which consisted of several dilapidated buildings and some rusted water pumps, he said "the sight was troublesome" and he also felt dehydrated when he got to the pumps and found produce," There was a tar-like substance oozing out, followed by black water." Also, when he pedaled, he saw a sign that said don't go over 55 miles per hour. he
During this fast track of Joe Kurmaskie, many conditions of the road and surrounding area determine how he behaves and feels, "The sun is starting to go down," (Kurmaskie). He started to feel tired because 'the weather was getting hot and sunny, so he felt less confident. In June, he was crossing the high deserts of California". (Kurmaskie). Not only was he tired and hot, the place he was riding was open, and there was no one around him to help him or find water. Through this passage, you can See that the temperature and weather around the circulator will change how and why he behaves.
This explains my function, I'm a setup that affects cyclists. The articles supporting your conclusion are cyclists. Features are cyclists' settings, including support for conclusions.
The scenery delights cyclists. He is so happy! Alas! hapiness
In this story, the environment has an effect on the cyclist as well as himself. It was hot, over @NUM1 degrees, and there were a lot of turns on the way down. The cyclist is so hot that his water is no longer cold. Being in this desert is a kind of killing, and it is about to make his heart move. Everything in the desert makes a big difference for cyclists.
The setting of a situation affects a person's mind and body. This is evident in @PERSON1's "Don't exceed the posted speed limit". For the most part, cyclists were unaffected until "a group of seniors who hadn't left the porch range since Carter took office" gave him directions. Take him across terrain not suitable for cycling. The environment is pleasant before following the men's directions, and readers know it's easy to ride because the cyclists are confident. For example, he says, "The sun was starting to go down, but I barely noticed it. My name was written on the cool pines and rushing rivers in Yosemite." Confidence began to wane. For example, the cyclist said "sometimes life can feel so cruel." After he hit rolling hills and rough roads and no speed limit signs. The cyclist becomes disappointed and wants to give up because he can't even reach that limit. However, he made up his mind and headed straight for the store. This gives a sense of satisfaction and confidence. So, in conclusion, settings can have a powerful effect on mood or motivation.
Set the function by making him affect the cyclist? ? ? Yes? ? ? Like he walked through that ghost town. The setting is a big part of this story, and that's what it's all talking about. When he gets water or how tumbleweeds cross the road. He's thirsty, riding his bike all the way, no paint? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
How the environment changes the cyclist's mood is what he sees almost describes how he feels. Like he wasn't that strong in the first place, with a smile on his face. Then he came to the first town, which was a ghost town, which didn't really hold his spirits down because when he saw it, he laughed. Likewise, when circumstances change, so does his confidence in the elder's guidance. As in the first town, he was still confident in what they told him. Then he noticed the weather was starting to get hot, but that didn't change his mood. @NUM1 miles later he came to a fork, a rusted water pump, a broken car and it all made him lose confidence in the water level. Then he realizes the next town is a long way off, so he loses more confidence and worries more about the water. Then the smooth road was replaced by the rough road, so his mood was even lower. Eventually he went to a fishing shop, so he got water and his spirits lifted. Here's how the environment affected his mood.
The characters and settings in the story influenced the cyclist because they made his journey to Yosemite more difficult. In the story, it said it was so hot that he might die of heatstroke. Also, his lack of water made him very tired in the petals. The sun went down next, so not only was he tired from lack of water, but he was losing sweat and energy because it was so hot outside. That's why these features and settings made his YoSemite journey difficult.
In the short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," cyclists go through some difficult times. He started the journey with very little water. Because the weather was hot and dry, his water drained quickly and he had very little water for the rest of the trip. The rough roads also tire him, making the journey even more difficult.
The environment that affects cyclists is characterized by "cool pines and rushing rivers", they affect cyclists by keeping them cool and vibrant in the environment and temperature, another is the juice factory, which is quite old And the closure suggests he will die alone. The goast town of complete and complete dessert suggests that the place is barren and uninhabitable, which are some of the characteristics that affect cyclists.
The cyclist is very frustrated with the dry and hot environment around him. A function is something specific about something else. In "The Rough Road Ahead". Not to exceed the posted speed limit, the cyclist took the advice of some old man who seemed outdated and got lost when he ran out of water and energy. The cyclist said: "A building comes into view on a long hill. I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). He was so affected by the heat and so tired, he wanted to make sure the building wasn't an illusion. Additionally, the changing terrain affected how much water he drank and how much effort he put into climbing that long mountain. The dry climate and rough terrain greatly affects cyclists.
Heat, dessert, humidity—all of these affect a cyclist as much as he does on a trip. First, the heat, because the heat makes him thirsty for water @CAPS1, he's running. For example, the narrator describes, "...the water bottle has only a few enticing sips." This means that it is hot and there is no more water. Second, dessert, since the narrator is the only one around, and deserts are usually scattered. For example, the narrator exclaims "no people in sight, no buildings, cars, structures of any kind." @CAPS1 makes it clear that he might be in the dessert that no one wants to be. And finally humidity, because it can be hot, but then humidity gets into the plan, making the sky drier than usual and looking hotter. That's why heat, dessert and humidity can all affect a cyclist on the road.
The function of this setting greatly affected this cyclist. At first, he rode nicely down the "shortcuts" of the old man because he said "Things started well. I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face." But what he didn't know was Yes, it was the start of a very tough day. He reaches the first "town," which is a ghost town. He wasn't overly concerned yet, but about sixty miles into his journey he came to a crumbling shack, a few rusted pumps and a broken corral. The cyclist explained how he drank a lot of water and needed some. He tried the pump, but explained that "a very similar substance oozes out, and then somewhere around two hundred degrees you feel salty water." A few miles later, he came to a highway sign that read Rough roads: Do not exceed the posted speed limit. Cyclists continue to be in dire need of water. He even encountered a snake. He is now afraid of heat stroke. He came to an abandoned grape juice factory and lowered his head. Cyclists are then almost completely dehydrated from long and tiring bike rides. The cyclist was convinced he would die from dehydration or heatstroke from this horrific ride. He finally came to a store and had a drink from the sink. So this ride was a pain due to the circumstances.
Characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in positive and negative ways. At first, two elderly people gave outdated information to cyclists. They had a negative effect on him because a cyclist would never have gotten lost if it weren't for them. When the cyclist arrived in the first town, the water pump affected him, the cyclist was almost out of water, the water from the pump tasted like battery acid, about @NUM1°. The cyclist was getting dehydrated, and the rolling hills didn't help him, he also expended a lot of energy just to get over the hills. Eventually, he found Gary and Wilbur's fish camp where he could hit the water. In a way, this whole experience had a positive effect on the cyclist, although he was negatively affected at the time. The cyclist learned to ignore the advice of "old men who haven't been on the porch since Carter took office." Cyclists are positively and negatively affected by environmental characteristics.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," cyclists are on their way to Yosemite National Park and stop for advice on a faster route. When he asked the seniors, he said, "Never take travel advice from seniors who haven't been on the porch since Carter took office." In addition to taking their advice, he was faced with abandoned ghost towns, which they said Places are places of prosperity. Cyclists overcame rolling hilly terrain and mirages, as well as the heat of a June day in the California desert. Finally he saw the bait and tack store and when he saw the people who owned the place were bigger than the others, he just stared at them. From the quotes, you can infer that cyclists ignore their advice about having the best map.
The features in the settings affect cyclists in many ways. One of them is carrying only so much equipment that requires @MONTH1. For example, you can only carry so much water with you, and once you run out of water there are no buildings or anything around you, you're out of luck. Also, you can only eat so much food. Finally, when you're ready to sleep, you can't just pull over, you have to ride until you find a hotel or go home. I know I will not succeed. So these are just a few reasons why this setting affects cyclists.
Characteristics of the environment affect cyclists by dehydrating, annoying, and relaxing them. Cyclists are dehydrated due to terrible heat. "It's becoming more and more realistic in Feng that I'm going to have a heatstroke on a good day in June," he said. That means the heat is a treat for him, causing him to become dehydrated and suffer from heatstroke. Cyclists are plagued by scarcity. "A corral that can't even fit the lame mule." He became more and more worried as there was no one around and his direction was starting to sound wrong. The cyclist was sighed by the hydrolysis in the sink. He has "a strong urge to find Gary and Wilbur and kiss them." That means he's finally relieved to finally find water, which he has to thank the owner of the bait shop for.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Rough Road Ahead," the character of the scene affects cyclists. Downhill terrain helped him to some extent because he didn't have to use power and pedal without as much water in his body. When he came to a pump, it was rusted and oozing tar, followed by hot brackish water that smelled sour from batteries. The dryness of the dessert had a bad effect on the cyclist as he couldn't get to Yosemite waters until the end. The breeze had a positive effect as it helped calm him down. The character of the scene in Joe Kurmaskie's story "Rough Road Ahead" influenced cyclists.
Many things involving settings affect other things. In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the stated speed limit," a cyclist is affected by the environment while traveling to Yosemite National Park. “Only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt and I became more and more aware that I might be getting heat stroke on a good day…” (kurmaskie @NUM1). Events from that day affected him so much that it was difficult for him to continue. He was tired and almost sick from the heat. The environment of the place is miserable for the cyclist who wants to go home to escape the heat. The setting of this place has a big impact on cyclists.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. One way these features affect cyclists is that it's summer and it's harder for cyclists because
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is that if the setup is in an area with a lot of water, cyclists don't have to worry about dehydration. Another reason is that none of this would have happened if these seniors had not been outside in the first place.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The demands of the California desert leave cyclists tired and dehydrated. For example another state "I'm over, trying to keep my balance dehydration star", the setting is the main factory causing dehydration in cyclists.
One of the environments that affects him is the sun, which relentlessly overheats cyclists. Another problem was the terrain he was in, the many small hills exhausted him. Apparently there were no trees to shade him, and no clouds or wind to cool him.
The characteristics of the setup can affect cyclists because as terrain gets rougher, it gets harder for cyclists. In the @NUM1 paragraph; one line says: "It says: Rough road ahead: Do not exceed the published speed limit." In the next paragraph, the cyclist remarks, "Sometimes life can feel so brutal." @CAPS1 Because the road ahead is brutal for cyclists. Snakes, lack of water, rolling hills are all stumbling blocks in life that people must experience. We may not like it, but the reward at the end is wonderful.
Environmental features that affect cyclists are road and weather conditions. He came across some dirty, smelly water. Among other dangerous things, he was trying to cross the desert, he had drank all the bottled water, there was nothing to drink, he was very dehydrated and had to drink nesles water. He had a hard time moving on and was severely dehydrated, but he had to. At one point, a large snake occupied almost the entire road, and he had to go down the road. His riding conditions were so bad that he thought he was going to die, and he said the birds were going to eat him. It was too hot to continue, he finally found a bathroom, went in and drank water from the sink, yelled at a man and told him the direction he wanted
The function of this setting does affect cyclists. The story begins by describing the scene by saying "no people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." @CAPS1 basically implies or foreshadows that bad things are going to happen because he's alone. When it says "Rough road ahead; don't exceed posted speed limit" @CAPS1 is almost saying there is danger ahead and something bad is going to happen.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. How because there is no posted speed limit there that causes a cyclist to throw to the right and then he is supported faster.
Vipers, mirages, rolling hills and dry tumbleweeds, these features have the greatest impact in the environment cyclists experience. They show the people the treacherous path he has traveled and that he has to overcome in order to surpass victory. The purpose of some features of the environment including vipers, mirages, rolling hills, no signs of life and no water all show and influence how bad the conditions are. Without considering the denominations, the audience might say/think he's crossing any old trails, as the cyclists they know might be driving down a windy river past nice developed towns, so you'll see Features into the settings help set the mood and also reveal the confidence of the story.
When you do something really often, you get used to it, and I think it's the same how sitting affects a cyclist's characteristics. This might flatten their hips, or their backs have a different shape and a different D" shape.
The characteristics of the set affect cyclists in these ways. Cyclists are hot. "Large circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt, and I became more and more aware that on a fine day in June, I could be heartbroken." Towns that were supposed to be inhabited were actually deserted. His ride ended up being harder than it should have been. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
Many functions of this setting affect the pedal player. "Flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills" (kurmaskie @NUM1) shows the change in terrain. Having to climb a hill to get to the other side takes a lot of time and effort, especially for cyclists. "California's High Desert in June" (kurmaskie @NUM1) shows the heat. Heat makes it harder for most people to concentrate and causes people to overheat during a single push. These two together
The cyclist's different settings affect how he feels while riding the bike. He's so excited and happy that he's continuing to ride, and how he really feels about how he's riding the bike through shortcuts really fast. And how he got over a long, serious hill he rode very fast. So unfortunately he kept riding fast and how easily he could get across the entire road. He felt very free as he crossed the tall and big hills. But he mostly believed he could eventually find his way. He himself said that he was always stuck in the future. So he kept his future and his wisdom to himself. He thought he was going to die, but all he had to do was ask for a little push. But different things did affect the cyclist because he did the impossible for his very bright future.
One of the biggest problems the author faces in his paper is his environment. Yosemite's backstory offers many obstacles, such as the vastness of the park, the heat of summer, and the fact that many places have been abandoned. The summer heat is the biggest problem for cyclists. He had to cycle many miles, but he only had a limited water supply. Eventually, his water supply begins to run low, increasing his determination to find his next town before it collapses. It's that determination that moves him from ghost town to ghost town and keeps the story going. Another big issue is the expanse of Yosemite National Park he bikes through. Any wrong turn (which he took, thanks to the direction he got) could get him lost and off track for a long time. It was his confusion about where to go next that kept him on the bike, difficult, and made up an interesting story. An example of the park's expansiveness is when he quotes, "About forty miles of pedals, I got to the first 'town.' This place might have been a thriving place -- say, before the last world war -- — but it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town that morning.” The phrase suggests that even after walking many miles, he sees no sign of anyone alive, adding to his desperation to continue his search for civilization.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Speed Limit," the author paints vivid details of the scene and how they affect the condition of the cyclist. For example, the author writes: "On a long mountain, a building comes into view. I wiped the sweat from my eyes" The way the author describes the mountain as "paralyzed" should be that it takes away from cyclists how much energy. Another quote that contributed to the cyclist's journey, "that smoky blues tune ''Summer time'" rattled through the dry honeycomb of my deteriorating brain. " This expresses the extent to which the summer heat has dehydrated him. I believe the author used revision details to support the description of the cyclist's condition. I think the description of the environment enhances the reader's perception of the cyclist's journey."
Considering the cyclist was almost out of water, the terrain he faced didn't help him, and the hills he encountered excited him and made him even more thirsty. Also, when we came across the juice factory, it took him a lot of energy to get there because he was excited, which made him even more thirsty. So, if he doesn't have a bit of strength after all this, he can't go to the bait shop.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. First of all, he was in a sea of people, and he didn't know where he was going or who lived there. Another thing is that he has no food, no drink, so he can't get energy without eating or drinking, so he can't ride a bike.
Features in the background of the story affect cyclists in many ways. For example, in the story it says, "At the same time, weeds are crossing my path." This is saying he was in the desert or very hot, because I know you usually only see weeds in very hot places. So in the desert it affects the cyclist because he is already dehydrated and then in a desert hot place makes him flat and also not dehydrated. Another feature in this story that affects the cyclist is the hills he has to climb. It affected him because he was dehydrated and climbing made him have to work more, which caused him to lose more sweat and become more dehydrated. These two examples illustrate how features in the background of this story affect the most circular.
The context in this story is very difficult for cyclists. His main problem is lack of water. If you deprive your body of water, all your major organs will bake in the scorching sun. Another problem is terrain conditions. Cycling on rough dry land is very difficult. These are some of the problems cyclists encounter.
The features in the settings have a big impact on cyclists. It was a hot summer day and his water was running out. If it's this hot, he might suffer from heat stroke. Another problem is the hills. He doesn't have much energy, ? ? The sun got news from him.
The characteristics of the environment affected the cycle because it was hot and it was a train.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, as the ground becomes more bumpy as he approaches the nearest town. Like when he saw the sign saying don't go over the limit. This indicates that the ground will be rough.
Features set in "Rough Road Ahead" can negatively affect cyclists. In the California desert, water is everything. If you run out of water, then you might as well run out of life. Without water, dehydration starts and it affects not only your body but your mind. Cyclists started with limited water. "I hit my water bottle a lot, and in June I was traveling through the high deserts of California." Through the deserted towns he encountered, he searched for water, but found none available. When I try a drop or two, it has battery acid blooms. "The @CAPS1 function is heat. It starts messing with his mind and quickly takes a toll on his body." I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage. "He wears water because of heatstroke and his body needs water throughout the journey. Finally, in the deserts of California, wildlife can affect you. The cyclist is using a path that nature claims and that people don't travel very often" through My path, a ridiculously large snake blocked most of the sidewalk. " As you can see, cyclists are negatively affected by the features set in the "Rough Road Ahead".
The nature of the setup affects cyclists because if there is a rough road ahead, you have to be able to handle the ups and downs, the bumps. The author is afraid that he will die, that the birds will clean his bones.
In the story, the cyclist faces a number of issues that may prevent him from completing the journey. First, his water supply could cause him to become dehydrated and he could pass out. Another problem was the hot June weather, which could have caused him to suffer from heat stroke and die. Rough terrain could prevent him from completing the trip, as he could burst a bike tire and have to walk. The cyclist faced many problems that could end his trip or even his life, but he survived.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is that cool pine trees will prevent the sun from getting on him and heatstroke. Another way is that the towns he goes to either have no or no water and he is dehydrating. The heat of the sun made him laugh, and he wished he hadn't seen a mirage.
Cyclists like the road setting most. time is messy
The environment is the California desert in June, which affects the cyclist because it's very hot and he's only had a few glasses of water. There is nowhere for cyclists to stop and drink more water. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind," he said. As you can see, this setup definitely affects cyclists.
Some features of @MONTH1's scene affecting the cyclist is that he is running out of water and when he is pumping, he says he is pumping a substance like tar with all his strength at first, then salt water, He said the water tasted battery acid. Also in this case, the cyclist noticed that the terrain changed to a flat road, then a short hill, followed by a snake that looked like a diamond-shaped back.
In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits". Joe Kumarski. The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist as he rides his bike, it is hot and he runs on rough roads and hills. For example, he said "Not June miles into the next stretch. He noticed a change in the terrain. Flat land was replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS1 example is "big circles of dry sweat surrounding my shirt, becoming more aware that he could die of heatstroke." These examples show how it's not easy and how these traits can affect cyclists. In conclusion, this story shows that you should never listen to an old man's instructions, especially if it's hot and you're riding a bike.
The features of this setup affect cyclists in many different ways. First, the terrain of the road is made up of flat and bumpy, making it easy for cyclists to ride. In the story it says: "Don't exceed the posted speed limit on the rough road ahead." Since the cyclist uses more energy on the road and his water supply is limited, when he finally says there is an old town ahead, He became very thirsty, he stopped, what looked like an abandoned one, and he started pumping the water pump, no matter how long it was pumping, it looked like battery acid. "When I tried a drop or two, the battery acid smelled bad," a quote in the story says, some of the characteristics of the environment that affects a cyclist's entire journey.
The character of the scene greatly influenced the cyclists in this story. Cyclist cycling in desert, "...I'm crossing California's high desert in June." @CAPS1 It's hot and the sun is hitting cyclists, "The sun is starting to shine.. ...." @CAPS1 It's far away and there's no one to help or help, "...it fits the definition of a traditional ghost town." The cyclist has no natural water source to replenish his bottled water. He probably died of dehydration. "I got down on my hands and knees and fiddled with the rusted water pump handle with all my might, but only a tar-like substance was oozing out." @CAPS1 There is a viper on the road that may have bit a cyclist. @CAPS1, some mountains require more energy to get up. As the cyclist has to use more energy to climb the hill, he becomes more tired and thirsty.
Characteristics of the environment influence cyclists' attitudes towards the elderly. Because the cyclist listened to the old man's instructions, he was angry with himself. Seeing the last directional attempt to make the cyclist near-tasty, the setup further adds to the problem. The scorching sun and high desserts in California in mid-June leave cyclists dehydrated and tired. When he sees a rusted water pump "oozing black tar", you can imagine the cyclist's anger, anxiety and, of course, thirst. Rough terrain and rolling weeds made the cyclist suspicious of his decision to follow the old men's route.
Cyclist in "Rough Road @CAPS1; Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits" from "The Tranquility of a Summer Evening", taking road advice from old-timers. At first he didn't mind when the sun was on him; The idea of Yosemite made his resolve. Later, however, his resolve was fading as he realized his "shortcut" wasn't that short after all. "June California's high desert" and terrain changes compounded his dehydration, Need to find water. The emptiness of "no one in sight, no building, car or any structure" makes him focus on the horizon and tell himself if he can get there, he'll be fine. Finally, a building The hope he gained from it gave him the strength to keep going. Ironically, it was an abandoned building. The cyclist described it as "Welch's Grape Juice and Bottling Plant" .@CAPS2 This made him lose hope and put his head down. The cyclist believed he was going to die and got back on his bike. Driving away from the factory, he saw a sight of a fish camp and immediately regained hope. Got there , he regained his strength, learned his lesson, and never took advice from others on the road.
The settings in the reading affected cyclists as it was hot and dry with nothing around. Heat is one of the circumstances that affects him as he has to drink a lot of water. There was dryness all around him, so he couldn't stop anywhere to cool off. Plus, when the going gets tough, there's nothing around but ghost towns and abandoned buildings. This is how the environment affects him.
The features mentioned in the story settings make it more difficult for cyclists. Water is scarce in California during the summer, making it very uncomfortable for cyclists to walk through the desert. Worst of all, when he tried to suck on the pebbles to circulate the saliva in his mouth, he ended up swallowing one.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist because his body has difficulty adapting to life-threatening situations. The tidy and desert atmosphere is draining his water, @CAPS1 he needs to keep pedaling. Also, the terrain is deprived of water, so he doesn't have anything to refuel.
I think people with severe road rage should do anger management if we penalize those speeding to reduce crashes
There are many functions that affect cyclists. One feature included the first ghost town he came to. "But on that morning, it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town." That had to affect him a little, because he knew now that the person who told him the shortcut had not been mad for a while. Another feature affecting cyclists is the lack of water "in the California desert in June." The cyclist now knows that it may take a while for him to get more water. The hills also had an impact on the cyclist, as he now knew he was going to have to work really hard to get to the next town without drinking too much water. Welch's building also had an impact on him, as it was abandoned with no drink left behind. In conclusion, there are many features cyclists have to contend with on their way to a national park.
The cyclist sees his journey being shaped by a series of events that will make his journey travel? Each time it was more difficult and difficult. One of the first mistakes he made was taking advice from people who didn't know where. @CAPS1 (I shouldn't let them peek at my map.) The temperature of the desert affects him too (I'm traversing the high desert in California). The cyclist also finds his ego a combination of emotions at times he thinks he'll walk past and sometimes he thinks he'll be fine. (@CAPS1 @NUM1) When I stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and got drunk from the sink, I thought I had an overwhelming wig to find Gary.
The character of the start affects the cyclist, because he didn't leave town, so he didn't leave town, but by his name, put him in the middle, like the starting point on the sreach at ??.?? ?? at He stole inside and said: "I stretch out my hand and then riht myself, I will keep asking it????????? Finding the last one is bitter. That is to say? He doesn't have a sight and feels like he can't walk. , fell on the ?? and got the dust stick. He ??? wants to happen gian so is ?? always look at the map.
In the story, the man had a hard time finding some water. In this story, he faces many taboos. For example, he walked about @NUM1 miles without water. Also, there are a lot of hills and turns in their story, which slows him down and he has a hard time getting into the water due to the many obsticals
In the story, cyclists ride their bikes to @LOCATION1. He has a new map doing well until he asks these old men the best way to get there in less time and to make those maps faster, aka short term. He was there to show the way and it felt good. But soon things changed and he went through new terrain that became more difficult. The type of environment he faced was steep hills, speed limits he couldn't exceed, hot and dry temperatures, and he had no water. All of these characteristics combine to make things worse. When he was going through these things, he felt like he was dying and wanted to give up. But in the end he found someone and didn't ask for directions. So unless you're willing to face the unexpected, don't follow directions from strangers.
These characteristics affect cyclists due to rough roads. This affected him because it slowed him down, which I know because in the story it said "the rough road ahead doesn't exceed the posted speed limit". That means slow down or you'll have an accident. Another peculiarity is that it's hot, which means he's losing water because it's either evaporating or he's drinking. I know this because it says "a few tantalizing sips of water in the water bottle" which means it has very little left.
On the way to Yosemite, these settings affect cyclists in a number of ways. Well, one of the things that has made things difficult when he takes shortcuts is that it's June and he's in the desert. It also tells how he went to several desolate towns, so there was no way to replenish his water. It reads: "I smoked the handle for a few minutes, but the water didn't cool down. When I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid." @CAPS1 The thing about his setting change is the hills. But once he got to a bait shop, the old man asked him if he knew the best way to get to Yosemite, to which he replied, "Yes sir: I have a really good map." @CAPS2 By this, he Understand that the best way to travel anywhere is the path or road he knows because he will know what to expect. This is how the settings change.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One of the ways it affects him is that its description makes it seem hotter than it actually is. He said "two Baidu neighbors". He said it was really hot. The character of the environment affected him because I was pissed that it looked hotter and he took it far away.
In this article, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. Cyclists use words like "flat road" and "short rolling hills" to describe the environment, and many more examples. The way the cyclist describes the environment gives the reader an intuitive picture. I think cyclists are influenced by the environment.
