In Joe Kurmaskie's story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", this is what the setup looks like, based on the protagonist's feelings. When he gets to the next town and leaves, he feels fine because there are no problems. The environment is very quiet. The narrator says, "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers have my name written on them" (Kurmaskie). Such a setting is like the mood of the narrator, very pleasant and pleasant.
Some of the things that affect cyclists are that the terrain turns into flat roads, replaced by short, rolling hills. Then he came to a rough road. Another hurdle for cyclists is the tar-like substance coming out of the rusted water pump, then the salty water feel of @NUM100 degrees. It didn't cool every time he pumped, and the water tasted like battery acid. He hits his water bottle a lot, which is why he needs new water. The cyclist was traversing the high deserts of California and the sun was starting to set, so he was dehydrated. The snake blocked the seemingly diamond-backed pavement in front of him.
In the short story "Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit", the character of the scene affects the cyclist. The story begins with the "reservoir campground outside @CAPS1, California" in early summer. As early summer in southern California, the temperatures will be hot. The protagonist is a cyclist and is doing a lot of physical activity, he sweats a lot. Temperature and excessive sweating cause cyclists to drink a lot of water. Running out of water, we are now our conflict. The setting also reads the protagonist to resolve conflicts. As a protected area, fishing will become a popular activity. A bait and tackle shop would be the perfect business because there are whoever is in a bait and tackle shop where cyclists can quench their thirst. Thus, the setting of the story's emotion affects both conflict and resolution.
Cyclist decided to ride to Yosemite National Park on a hot California summer day. His first instinct was to use the latest perfect map. Then he started talking to an old me and they decided to tell him the shortcut they took back that day. The cyclist decides to use a messy bottle of water to give the old man a shortcut across the desert. It was really hot outside, and the sun scorched on his back as he rode his bike. This makes him hotter than he is? ? ? There is no shady spot where he can go up and drink some water. This made his journey even more difficult because now he's focused on finding water, not riding. The setting of the cause affects the cyclist in many ways, he is not prepared for the route and the route he chooses is not cyclist friendly. If he chooses a route on the map, then he knows where he is and his ride is not affected by the idea of slowing down to put rocks in moths to retain water or finding water, he will
Cyclists have a rough time. Elements against him. It was hot and dry, and he had no water. "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle," the text reads. "@CAPS1 Weeds cross my path, a ridiculously large snake." Apparently not, while the quote maker imagines deserts or Colorado. The man in front of him is neither a building, nor a car, nor any kind of structure. He is saving energy and water. He was starting to go crazy. The hill was fatal to him, in the text it said "on a long and serious hill". It shows that you're in a bad situation right now, because he told us in the first place that he was a cyclist. Cyclists have had a really rough time, and the clarity of the setup affects that.
Weather can change the actions a cyclist will take. If it's cold outside, cyclists bring boob. It's hot outside, and he'll probably bring some light clothes. If he rides further, he will bring more supplies like water and food. If he rides short distances, he doesn't carry as much. The way the weather changes the way one prepares,
In Joe Kurmaskie's story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit", different aspects of the setup affect cyclists in a number of ways. When he first started, he didn't even notice how hot it was, saying, "The running started to beat, but I barely noticed it." His mood began to change rapidly. Soon he drank most of the water and became increasingly tired. When he realized the water tasted like "battery acid," he found a water pump, which angered him. As he continued, he saw a snake, which he could have sworn was a diamond back, so he walked out slowly. When he notices a factory, he reaches it with the last ounce of strength, but is disheartened when he finds it abandoned. When he found a store and drank a lot of water, his spirits finally lifted.
Multiple parts of the setup affect the cyclist; when he comes to a small town with a pump, but this pump doesn't have very good water, "when I try a drop or two it smells of battery acid" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This part of the terrain shows its effect. "In a state of dehydration" when he becomes very dehydrated (kurmaskie @NUM1). Another part of the environment that affected the cyclist was when he got to the juice factory it was closed, much to his dismay.
The cyclist in this short story is greatly influenced by the environment. He was riding in a very hot desert with little civilization to help him. Also, the ride on the road wasn't very smooth, which caused him trouble. Wildlife also had an impact on him. He once passed a large snake that he had to ride carefully. He thought he was going to die and the birds would pick him up. The desert itself is what really affects um. The desert doesn't have much water, which is what he needs, and he can't find a small town where he can stop, at least some people. So the environment in which the protagonist rides has a great influence on him.
Cyclists are exhausted on the way up the mountain. The setting of the story has a big impact on cyclists. This is because in California, cycling is really good. The weather is warm and perfect for a small town. It has a ramshackle shed, a few rusty pumps and coral that a lame mule can't grasp. Also, after twenty miles of riding up front, the terrain changed. Flat roads are replaced by rolling short hills. After he had finished the first few of them, a huge highway sign jumped out at him. On rough roads, he had to be very careful not to exceed the speed limit.
The setting of the article has a big impact on cyclists. These circumstances discouraged him, although he tried to maintain hope. See the dry desert, the hills start to get higher, and nothing man-made can be seen. These subconsciously affect the cyclist and his thirst grows. In a way, the cyclist's original goal was rendered ineffective by his thirst and exhaustion.
Cycling is not as easy as it sounds. Sure, riding a bike might be easy, but being a cyclist is much harder. Cyclists have to overcome many obstacles while riding. One obstacle is rough terrain. Cyclists are used to riding on flat paved roads. Getting off the road or riding on dirt roads can be a challenge. In Joe Kurmaskie's short story "Do Exceed Posted Speed Limit", there is another example of how cyclists must be careful when running out of water, "I relaxed and tried to keep my balance while dehydrated" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). The cyclist went on to talk about how he needed to balance, but it was difficult because he was dehydrated and balance is important when riding a bike. In conclusion, when it comes to being as easy as riding a bike, you need to take precautions for what might happen.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. It left him feeling hopeful, determined, lonely and completely exhausted. The desert-like terrain made him very tired and thirsty. The bumpy road was hard to step on, and the endless land made him feel like the next town was years away. While traveling, the cyclist recalled, “At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, an insanely large snake. Blocking most of the pavement in front of me” (Kurmaskie, @NUM1). The tumbleweed is a symbol of the death of the dry desert. They remind the cyclist that he is completely alone in the vast stretch of sand and rocks. If the snake poisons him on the road, he won't just be in the sun until other hapless cyclists find him. However, hope returned to him later when he saw the Gary and Wilbur Fish Camp sign. He made up his mind again, because waiting somewhere nearby was the water he needed to stay alive. Ultimately, the scene gave him a safe sense of the hope in his heart.
The characteristics of the setting affect cyclists in many ways. For example, "The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This affected the cyclist as he had to pedal harder Pedal to go up the hill, and he was out of breath because of the short distances. Another example is, "At some point, tumbleweed crossed my path, and a ridiculously large snake—it did look like a diamond back—blocked most of the sidewalk in front of me." This effect the cyclist, because he had to wait for the snake to move, it didn't bite him when he passed over the snake. As a final example, "I have an overwhelming urge to find @PERSON1 and Wilbur when I stumble into a rather modern bathroom and take a deep drink from the sink" the cyclists Made an impact because he is now happy to have water and has reached his destination.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist as he saw "short rolling hills", tumbleweeds and "absurdly large shaking" and he didn't think he was getting anywhere.
Every field the author enters changes his feelings and experiences. At first, his surroundings gave him courage. As he passed the first deserted and empty town, he still believed he could keep going through the lush greenery and the cool surrounding rivers that masked the scorching sun overhead. They were basically the reason he kept going. Later in the process of trekking in the desolate and empty desert, the desolate environment made him feel hopeless and hopeless. It sucks even on small details like ghost towns or water pumps that give him the first traces of despair, and useless pumps just magnify it. Scenes and landscapes reflect and change the author's mood throughout the story.
The rider was under the influence of two men who gave him wrong instructions . The rider followed their advice instead of doing it the right way, and he ended up going a long way. He became very cunning. He also came face to face with a snake. Then he finally found the nearest town and got help.
Some of the features that affect the cyclist's settings are. The hills and heat that cyclists have to go through. The heat makes the cyclist sweat profusely, so he loses water and starts to become dehydrated. The hills made him have to work harder and become more tired.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. They affected his confidence, energy and determination. At the beginning of the article, the cyclist is very confident. This is the show he said. " My name was written on the cool pines and rushing river in Yosemite. It showed his confidence because he knew he could get to Yosemite. When he ran out of water, he started to lose confidence and think he would. Die. His energy dropped as he ran out of water because of the heat. You know he's running out of water when he says." There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. " @CAPS1, after losing hydration and confidence; he actually has a higher determination to go to Yosemite. It's human nature because our bodies go into survivor mode and resolve to survive. As you can see, riding Cyclists are influenced in many ways by the characteristics of their environment.
Many things the author talks about in the story affect him: an example of an old man who gave him advice. They told him they knew a great shortcut that would turn into the most difficult journey the author has ever made. Another example is: heat, location, time of day and time of year. Desserts in @DATE1 will give you a lot of calories in California. To overcome this heat, you need a lot of water, which is one of his biggest problems. He ran out of water. Another obstacle he found was the abandoned Welch grape juice building, where he saw a photo of a boy drinking refreshing grape juice. It all added up to the author's sadness, but in the end he found a bait and tackle shop and he was rescued
In the story "Don't exceed published speed limit on rough road ahead", cyclists are influenced by environmental characteristics. In the story it says: "The sun is starting to set." The phrase means it's getting hotter, which will make it harder for cyclists to ride. Another quote citing environmental features affecting cyclists is "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." This means that the cyclist is cold and not only has to deal with the heat, but he also has to go one by one Over the mountains. Even though they @MONTH1 are small, rolling hills, you still need a lot of energy to get up and down the hill repeatedly. The third sentence shows the environment that affects the cyclist as "I was on my hands and knees, walking with all my strength on the rusted water pump handle. A tar-like substance seeped out, then two hundred degrees or so of salty water. Water Sensation "The phrase means that the cyclist wants water so badly that he uses what little energy he has left to try to fetch it. When he finally got some water, it first came as a viscous substance, and then the water became very hot. Taken together, these are examples of how cyclists can be affected by environmental characteristics.
I think the character of the setup affects cyclists because of the tight turns and loneliness it says in "about forty miles of pedaling". I got to the first town. "
Due to the rough terrain, the characteristics of this setup have a big impact on cyclists. The high temperature also affected him greatly. Wherever he seemed to go, he couldn't find anything, no buildings or people, until he got the town. In the story "Rough road ahead; don't exceed posted speed limit", the cyclist is quoted as saying. "Meanwhile, a tumbleweed crossed my path, an insanely large snake." @CAPS1 Your bike is in the desert, don't know which way to go, only seeing worse conditions will just give you no hope . He was almost out of water soon, which only made things worse. The sun shines on him and his mind also plays with him, so for the cyclist, the setup has a lot to do with his journey.
The characteristics a cyclist experiences while riding can affect his mind and body. At first, cyclists are on flat ground and drink plenty of water without fear. But when he came to his second town, he became very dependent on the water. It bothered him, but he told himself optimistically that "the next town is only 18 miles away." After that, the road was replaced by short, rolling hills. This started to bother him. Dehydration started to make him uncomfortable, and every mountain was a challenge. Once out of the water, he would suck on pebbles and jumping on it would "take your mind away from thirst." When he finally made it, He was relieved. Everything from dehydration to affecting the body, to losing hope affecting cyclists
Conditions in the California desert are horrific for cyclists. The temperature is very high and the humidity is very dry. The road also has a lot of hills, which can be very difficult when the cyclist has to use his energy to go up and down hill after hill in the heat. There's also no stopping to refill his water along the way, which sucks because neat, dehydrated, all his energy stretches can lead to severe dehydration. The conditions of this tour are not good for cyclists and can be very dangerous.
"Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" has a big impact on cyclists. In June, he rode through the desert. This means that the temperature is very high. The narrator even said, "I might have a heat stroke on a good day in June." @CAPS1 The setting feature that affects him is the hills. he even called them
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because he knows he is in the wrong area. The cyclist understands that he should not follow the advice of their old men. So he was frustrated and he should take his advice. The cyclist had a feeling he shouldn't have done that and said he shouldn't let them peek at his maps. So those traits really affected him.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead," the main character faces a lot of trouble. First, people gave him the wrong direction. But, worst of all, he has to ride his bike for many miles in extreme temperatures. It's really hard to pedal up and down the mountain. He didn't even have cold water. As the character says, "… followed by a feeling of salty water around two hundred degrees (kurmaskie @NUM1). That water didn't help him either. It didn't quench his thirst because it was so hot and he said it tasted like battery acid. But, in the end he built up his confidence and kept on cycling until he found a fish camp with a bathroom with a cold water tank. Then he went to Yosemite and didn't follow anyone's advice.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. The environment is a California desert and it's hot outside. The mountain is difficult to climb, and there are dangers such as venomous snakes all around. Not only is this difficult terrain to move, but the path is the thickest. "@CAPS1 Weeds crossed my way, a ridiculously large snake." This makes it harder for cyclists to reach their destination.
The towns the bikers reach are ghost towns. "It fits the traditional definition of a ghost town," the authors say in the article. It affects cyclists, who cannot refill water as towns are abandoned.
Cyclists are motivated to get work done. When they say only "eighteen miles on the road". He thought it would be forever, but he did because he "saved his water..." One last time to keep going, when the road turned to gravel, he still kept going, but for him It's harder to get legs and water.
The cyclist's condition requires a lot of preparation. Cyclists wind their way through hot desert areas with roads and hills. A cyclist needs to have enough water to get where he's going and, as read in the story, this condition pretty much results in a healthy @CAPS1 for the person trying to ride.
The settings in "Do not exceed the posted speed limit" do determine the outcome of the story. Scenes are set in desolate areas, deserts, and even roads. In the desert, there is no water to dehydrate a cyclist. Without water, he thought he was going to die. In road areas, the speed limit is extremely high at 55 miles per hour. It's not good because he's doing "water consuming @NUM1". When he found the abandoned area, these were water pumps, but @MONTH1 the liquid was water but tasted like "battery acid". Scenes have a huge impact on the story. Without this setting, the story would be very different from what it is now.
In Joe Kurmaskie's story, "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the cyclist has several problems with his travels, low water volume, and rough roads, including no cars on the road. This all creates a lot of difficulty for cyclists, like in the first sentence of the first paragraph on page @NUM1 "It doesn't matter. I'm going to die, the birds will take me down" These elements are right So tough for a cyclist that he or she brings hope. But luckily, the cyclists eventually found a place to stop for water.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. He was trying to fetch water, but when he tried the pump, "a tar-like substance seeped out, followed by a feeling of salty water somewhere around two hundred degrees". Cyclists don't have water, so it's hard to keep going. He may have heat stroke. When he came to the next town, he found "this building - abandoned many years ago, was Welch's grape juice factory and bottling plant". He's still thinking about the next town to grab a drink. This is how the characteristics of the setting affect cyclists.
In the story, there are many background features that influence cyclists. One of the biggest impacts is the dry, hot, and rugged terrain in the desert. His ride was tough due to the dry and hot weather. For example, the heat caused him to become dehydrated during the trip and began to feel signs of heatstroke. Terrain creates an even bigger dilemma. For example, in the story, riding his horse across that terrain would make him tired and more dehydrated than he is now.
The function of this setting has a big impact on cyclists. The first is emptiness, the feeling that he is alone. There are also no cars, people or buildings in sight. In fact, if something happened, there was no way to tell anyone. It will be a while before anyone can find him. Not really, but I think he was more hit. It gave him that extra boost of energy that seemed to come out of nowhere. Then there is the type of animal. The desert environment is very harsh. The sun beats like you are the only one on the planning web. Food that hasn't rained in decades lacks water. The never-ending @CAPS1 road. The ups and downs and all the animals waiting for him. In fact, if he comes to a complete stop, a snake can easily bite him and that's the end of it. These extreme conditions and harsh environments explained in the article have a lot to do with the cyclist and affect him a lot.
The setting of this short story affected the cyclist, causing him to dehydrate and die. Also in the scene, he finds the abandoned factory that makes him feel hopeless. If the environment was somewhere else then this environment he would have felt different because he didn't meet the people in the reserve and he could have been on a better road than the old road he was on
The countries that have the greatest impact on cyclists are deserts and hills. The author first tells us about the water he consumed while traversing California's high desert in June. "The hills had a major impact on him because any desert contains a dense host, this heat, his limited water, and the fact that it's June. I'm sure the author is a traveler on his stressful journey The Happiest Man. Another misfortune the author explains is the change in the tour." That road was replaced by a large rolling hill. "In my own experience, I know these can't be worse. Tall and steep hills are hard to climb, but your home is the most luxurious. In his mind, the author's "Short, Rolling Hills" ”, each mountain becomes more miserable, while the coast on the other side barely cools your bare skin, allowing your soul to continue in this deep misery. I’m sure cyclists have been through a few After a deadly hill, the spirit is exhausted.
In "Don't exceed the stated speed limit," the characteristics of the setting have a big impact on the cyclist, who is happy at first because he's going to Yosemite National Park, and he's been advised of shortcuts that can shorten the trip. "He rode till morning with strong legs," and then he reached the first stop. It used to look like a lively town, but is now a ghost town. So he went ahead with a lot of water and thought he could get to the next stop. Next stop is an old abandoned gas station where the only water there is @NUM1. He often fetched water, and the hot sun shone on him. The next terrain changed, he thought he was going to die, let the vulture pick up his bones because he took the advice of the old man, and it turned into his next stop, which seemed to be an old Vail Odd grape juice factory. He thought he would die of thirst, but he only drank a little water and continued to bask in the sun. Next came the hills, he paced for a while, and then he finally came to a modern-looking place with cool running water and an old man showing him the way, which he gladly accepted. After that, he was sure he was going to die, and he was relieved to see the old man there, and he would always listen to their advice because he did.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists, as people traveling long distances in California during June can be hot. The function of the setting is very important if the cyclist does not have enough water to supply himself when he gets lost. Not enough water can cause someone to become dehydrated, which did happen to the cyclists in the article. “I relaxed over and tried to keep my balance in a dehydrated state.” This statement proves that a cyclist is not a good state to get lost in when the sun is directly on him. Also, when you're dehydrated and tired, @MONTH1 starts seeing things that aren't there, but you want to see those things. “I wiped the sweat from the corners of my eyes, made sure it wasn’t a mirage, and tried not to get too excited.” The cyclist didn’t have hope for a building that might not exist, which was a good decision, the cyclist’s Ambient features can cause anything to happen, so be careful.
The characteristics of this setting greatly affect the adjustment of the ride to the town of Assembly. Adjusting the water out is bad enough, but most importantly, the face, the will to roll, the road conditions and the tough conditions, all of these settings have a huge impact on the cyclist, "It changes the terrain. That's what replaces the It's the rolling hills." He also said "With tumbleweeds and a snake that included changes around my mat, it really looked like luck was blocking most of the motion in front of me. Those settings made it difficult to adjust. , because mountain snakes and tumbleweeds disrupted tuning to advanced on rides. He was out of water, had a hard time lowering willpower, a deadly snake night made tuning named and solved the difficulty for cyclists
Environmental traits that affect cyclists are like saying you're old and you don't know anything. but it is not the truth. It means you're old and your info @MONTH1 is incorrect, for example when he's on his way to town he learns to use his map instead of a man's opinion because the man is wrong.
The first town cyclists came to was like a ghost town because there was no one there. The next town isn't much better as it's @NUM1 miles on the road. Cyclists have had some problems on the road. Some of the problems included the snake - he was running out of water - the mountains - and the road conditions.
The "Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit" settings feature negatively affects cyclists. Terrain ranges from very mild to rough and undulating. Starting to struggle, considering that the author doesn't know much about the layout of this terrain. The author was very unsure of where to go and started encountering obstacles like tumbleweeds, snakes and lack of water. The author is running out of water, which makes it very stressful to keep writing. He feared he would die of dehydration before reaching Yosemite National Park. Finally, with great strength and determination, he arrived at the fish-by-fish camp. He was able to rehydrate and regain his strength before moving on.
The characteristics of this setup affect the cyclist because he is in a hot, dry place with no water. He was going up the mountain, which made him even more tired. This guy is probably dehydrated and he's getting worse!
The function of the settings affects cyclists a lot in the paragraph titled "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Posted Speed Limit". Cyclists are in good shape. They can cycle for long periods of time; however, the weather can affect cyclists. This happens in paragraphs. The cyclist is determined and confident that he can make the journey. “I would save water and walk inward for an hour or so – it was a test of my inner spirit. Despite his confidence, the characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist.” Tumbleweed crossed my path, An insanely large snake...". "Just a few enticing sips in the water bottle". The cyclist is tired and tired. The weather and terrain wears him out. The weather sometimes changes my ability level. I like Playing basketball outside. It's hot and humid outside and I can't play for long. The characteristics of the environment can clearly affect people.
The heat and lack of water affected him during this cycling adventure. In this short story, when the cyclist feels lost, he says "I was crossing California's high desert in June" suggesting that the rider faces the extreme heat of the desert during the ride. He also said: "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle." This statement shows that he is not only facing the heat, but also the problem of water shortage. These facts and quotes show the clear threat this cyclist faces on long rides.
These settings affect cyclists in more than one way. These ways are that he's running out of water, he might be dehydrated, and he's not sure which way he's going. He's really in trouble since he runs out of water. Not only will he likely die due to lack of water, but he will begin to see mirages. His lack of water eventually led to dehydration, and he was upset about things. For example; the text says he stumbles into the store. Because he wasn't sure which way he was going, he started to panic a little. Panic isn't good, especially considering he's low on hydration and is dehydrating. Panic doesn't help solve anything. Set in dessert, so he needs to let water, and his water is low. Desserts are very hot and can cause dehydration or death. Desserts have little shade, if any; they have inclement weather and rugged landscapes. For example, their landscapes are mostly hot sand. So the setting does affect cyclists.
The desert environment in summer can affect cyclists. For example, she's not that fast, "The speed limit is 55 mph. I'm consuming water at 12 mph," which affects his ability to find water. The environment was also hot, so it was difficult for the cyclist to get the water he needed to keep going. For example, "I pumped for a few minutes, but the water didn't cool down." @CAPS1 How the environment affected him, he desperately needed water. Desert environments can also affect cyclists. He believed he had seen a mirage, and he was afraid he would swallow a rock because he might hit a bump. The desert environment affects the functioning of the cyclist.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead", the character of the scene affects the cyclist. When setting the pattern, the author feels depressed and sad, and at times happy and joyful. For example, a cyclist is pedaling without seeing anything. Twenty miles away, he saw the camp? ? One? ? He was thirsty and had holes. When he pumped, nothing came out. These parts of the setup have a bad effect on cyclists. Cyclist gives "teaching life can be so cruel" If he thinks life is cruel, he obviously has bad effects. At some point in the story, the setting has a good effect on the reader. When he sees the bait shop, he will die of thirst. This puts the cyclist in a good mood as he says "my troubles are thirsty and it feels like he's all behind me" and the different settings in the story give the writer different effects.
This setting affects cyclists because the terrain you ride on can determine how you ride. For example, when you have hills and dry weather, like they say "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills", an easy terrain is now more difficult and only increases his of frustration and dehydration from lack of water. Heat also contributes a lot, and it's there all the time. Sometimes he doesn't seem to notice or feel it, but it's there and it's taking energy from him: as it says, "The sun is starting to go down, but I barely notice it." He doesn't Know, but it took it away from him, so he drank more water, which affected his ability to drink enough water to finish the ride.
Cyclists are riding in the hot desert. This makes him thirsty and less active. The story says: "There were only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. A large circle of dry sweat surrounded my shirt."
My opinion affects cyclists who people need to recycle, sometimes people throw out the trash can with soda water, people who are cyclists in a few days now, and sometimes they need to change that role. My conclusion is that people need to save things to Make new stuff and make good quality cycling stuff in the world.
Cyclists listen to geogers. After a while, he started to feel tired. After the desolate desert changes, he became angry. He criticized himself for taking the advice of "old men who didn't leave".
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. He always held his head high, determined to reach his destination. The first problem is when he encounters what he calls "forks of all kinds." He needed more water, but the pump was rusted and all he could get out of it was a tar-like substance, then black water. He tested it and hoped it was better than it looked, but it wasn't. It tasted like battery acid. He was thirsty but had to move on and find another source of water. Another problem that happened was when he became increasingly dehydrated and erratic on his bike, a huge snake lay across the road. He had to get around it slowly, and while it was difficult, he succeeded and kept going. The third "hurdle" he encountered was that he was thirsty and finally had a chance to have a drink, and to his disappointment he found an abandoned Welch grape juice factory. Despite being nervous and frustrated, he moved on, still determined to reach his destination. He finally made it to a fishing supply store where he could take a break and have a drink! Despite the difficult circumstances, banter and sarcasm, the man survived, still with a smile on his face.
The characteristics of the setup affect the cyclist due to his stamina. No matter how long he can ride without a break, no matter how long he can ride uphill, no matter how many bumps he rides, no matter how long he can ride without water.
The function of the settings affects the cyclist through changes that occur while riding the bike. The cyclist was still smiling at first, but then he changed because the road conditions and weather were hot and there was no sign of where he was going, which was the right direction for him. Also, his bike pad needs to be replaced.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists because of both the road and the heat. He was walking through the desert in June and it was really hot for him, and the @CAPS1 roads were bumpy which made him have to pedal harder. @CAPS1 had to put more effort into this because the romds here are long and he has the energy and determination to go to Yosemite. He @CAPS1 came across a snake who told him I was going deep into the desert.
A cyclist's environment obviously affects his mood. From start to finish, the outside world reflected the torment in his mind. This is evident in the reservoir at the beginning, the empty desert, the hills of the Welch factory, and the fish camp at the end. The Reservoir is a paradise, @NUM1 safe zone that contains everything a man needs. He felt optimistic, ready and eager to follow the old man's advice. He starts by raiding a ghost town, which heralds a dangerous future. He still kept his cool head through. He came to a water pump that gave him battery acid. This is where the mood shifts. He suddenly described his environment as "California's high desert." The sun is about to boil and the water is running low. His hopes began to dwindle. It reflected the turbulence in his mind when "the flat road was replaced by the short, rolling hills". The terrain is harder for his chances of survival lessons. As he walks through a snake, it hints at more desperation. It finally culminated at the Welch factory. What an irony, this is an abandoned juice factory. This is lost hope. When he finally reached the fish camp, he was relieved and heartened to be alive. The cyclist made it. Clearly, this setup affects cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. He was in a dilemma on the road while riding his bike. "…@CAPS1 Weeds crossed my path, an insanely large snake. Blocked the... sidewalk in front of me." He had to stop and was hit by the snake that showed him and terrified him went in. He already had thirst problems and had to deal with a snake that "does look like a diamond vest". @CAPS2, he saw a building ahead and found it was a walrus grape juice factory. He thought there might be some water there, but realized it was abandoned. Said to be thirsty, and grabbed a few pebbles before leaving. " I've read once that sucking on a rock helps you get rid of your thirst by getting the rest of your saliva to flow." * @CAPS3 He came across a fishing camp and received instructions on how to proceed. This affects him because he @CAPS3 got to a safe place and got the right instructions and will learn from the mistakes of listening to the old man in the first place. specialty
The characteristics of the setting affect the cyclist, making him wish the finish line was not far away, with nothing in sight, no cars, buildings or structures of any kind.
The authors are influenced in many ways to draw their conclusions. He was tired from the heat, had little water, and got lost. Simple water is limited, and things seem to get worse for him as he goes further. A man who gave him the wrong direction may not have left his porch in decades, the authors say.
In the story, the cyclist explains how the road goes from good to bad: an example, "The rough road ahead: don't exceed the published speed limit. Also dry."
In the story, these elements influence the cyclist on his journey. The first feature that affects his scene is the old water pump, it doesn't work, and when it does, its water lasts horrible. The next obstacle in his journey was rough terrain. "The flat roads were replaced by short rolling hills," he describes it. When the narrator finally finds a building, it turns out to be abandoned. Eventually, he found a small town and rested after a long journey, and learned his previous lessons not to take advice from people he didn't know.
Well, these features are rough desert-like ones. The terrain is difficult for cyclists. For example, lack of water, sour battery. These affect cyclists to a large extent.
'The next leg of the ride was less than two miles and I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills (Kurmaskie @NUM1). When the cyclist realizes the terrain is getting difficult, he becomes even more ignorant and desperate. '' Big circles of dry sweat wrapped around my shirt; more and more people were realizing that I could get heatstroke on a fine June day just because I listened to some gentleman who hadn't left the porch for decades, This makes me laugh. It's a sad, hopeless laugh'' (@NUM1). He's not going to die, die, but even though he's struggling, he's done great things. Unfortunately, the man survived. He will live and tell people not to listen to the old man. “Never take travel advice from a bunch of oldies who haven’t left the porch range since Carter took office” (@NUM3). He was on a long, hot road where he started stabbing the old man "I made a note in my mind to change that part" (@NUM4) This man wasn't forced to take the old man's instructions. He selfishly curtailed trips to only a few rough terrains, the heat and dehydration made him desperate, angry, and he felt sorry for himself.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is for cyclists to traverse California's high desert in June. Another influence mentioned in the story is that the cyclist who arrived in a town where the pumps were rusting, he operated the handle with all his strength and got a tar-like substance and then salt water, which he couldn't drink. Also, the cyclist often hits his water bottle. Finally, old timers say that towns are close when they are truly far apart.
There are many things that can affect a cyclist's journey. This cyclist appears to have a bad wick. He started mentioning that he was planning a trip to Yosemite, and someone who heard the news gave him a tip. The cyclist was so confident in what they told him, so he followed their advice. He eventually got lost. Cyclists also travel in the "California High Desert in June." That means he travels in the summer and the air is dry. When he gets to the first "town" he sees, he can get the water he needs to rehydrate his body. He also encountered a snake while crossing the desert, which slowed him down. Because it was hot and he was tired, he started to see mirages affecting him. All of these characteristics lead cyclists to long and tiring journeys in the desert. These features also taught him not to take advice from elderly people who didn't leave the porch because their message @MONTH1 was out of date.
Well, the background is a little boy riding a bicycle, he meets this old man, and the man gives him a shortcut. So he went this route, and I guessed something was wrong.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the set features affect the protagonist, the cyclist. After he first came out of the house where he met the old man, he rode through a lot of flat desert terrain where the sun dehydrated him. Soon, though the terrain changed. "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." This tested his stamina even more, as he had to descend while dehydrated and ready to collapse from exhaustion.
Hot, @CAPS1, @CAPS2-all are all settings that affect cyclists. First, on a hot day, you can't drink much water. He will be dehydrated. And, if he gets lost, there is no one around to help him. Joe Kurmaskie explained: "No one could be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. In the end, the creature was a big snake that appeared on the road. So he had to go around it.
Setting is one of the most important factors for cyclists if the terrain or weather is bad, hotter for cyclists? ? ??
The set's features affect cyclists because cyclists @CAPS1 challenged the author's problem. For example, I noticed changes in the terrain. Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills. After I built the first few things, a big highway. That means that when he arrived, the road conditions were not good, and the big expressway jumped high.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist because it is so hot outside that he may have passed out and died. He also saw a snake that scared him to death, but he passed the snake. He also saw a building that might have helped him, but it was abandoned, it was a Welch factory, and then as he continued to run down, he saw a place for fish, and went to the bathroom to get water, Then someone asked him where he was going and they gave him a nap but he still had his map so he decided to use it instead of listening to others.
In the "The Rough Road Ahead" story, a cyclist gets some ill-timed information from several elderly people, and as he follows the directions there, he finds that the directions are ill-timed and in some danger The place. Also, the setting didn't help because he was in a desert with a ghost town and it was super hot, which didn't help him believe he would come out alive. In the story, for example, when he enters a fork in the road, he finds "several rusty water pumps" and "a crumbling shack". It probably didn't help him because he didn't have much water and it was really hot and he lost confidence in himself and he went out and there was a rusty pump there so he couldn't get any good water. Also in the story it says "no people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind" and that setting affects him because in this part of the story he's been riding for a while and he doesn't The water left, and he was exhausted and had little energy. It also lowered his hopes because it said there were no buildings and no cars, so it was beautiful, like an empty dessert, he was trapped in it, and he didn't think he would be alive to eat the dessert. In conclusion, in the story "The Rough Road Ahead", the scenes in the story did not help the cyclist to set off with hope or confidence, because the scene was very desolate and the weather was very hot, which did not help the cyclist. in the desert.
Well, since the cyclist is in the desert and has no mother, he probably won't be happy. "Ghost towns" aren't really a confidence boost either. The rough hills also made him angry. The heat affected him the most.
The character of the land affects cyclists in many ways. For example, the first two buildings he came from were abandoned, so he couldn't get any food or water. Additionally, he noticed that the terrain changed from flat to rolling hills, which put more pressure on his legs. In the end, the ground was hot and dry, leaving him sweating profusely. This is how the characteristics of the land affect cyclists.
In this story, the environment affects cyclists in a number of ways. He's trying to get directions, but the people he's asking don't really know what they're talking about. That's why you have to be careful who you ask. Then he needed a drink, but that didn't work out well because the water ended up tasting like battery acid. Then the cyclists started to hit the road again and had the same difficulty on the road. Equally difficult on the road. The road is in poor condition and must be slower than the speed limit. At this moment, he felt like he was going to die. Fortunately, he found a bathroom and drank from the sink.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in several ways. At the beginning of the article, syclist says that he "enjoys the serenity of early summer nights and the lively conversation with these old guys." The cyclist enjoys himself and the atmosphere, but when he doesn't hear "the one who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office His swift mood shifts to suspicion as he runs out of water" and his depleted water supply quickly draws attention. When he saw the sign for Gary and Wilber's Fish camp and was able to have a drink from the bathroom faucet, @CAPS1 quickly became suspicious, and @CAPS1 followed, when he "promised at the time that he would stick with it" "It's very satisfying to [nice map] the future.
This setup has adversely affected the authors in many ways. One reason is that the heat of the environment dehydrates the authors. Dehydration is when your body starts to stop working due to lack of water. The environment also affected him, causing him to lose confidence and make him look for water. "I keep my head down" means he's upset. This proves that no matter who or what you follow, there is a possibility of death under any circumstances. So this is how the author was influenced by his cycling @CAPS1.
I think these settings also make it more challenging not to give up. Also shows that you do better when faced with challenges.
This setting affects the cyclist as it is in a warm and dry climate, causing him to sweat profusely and need to drink more water. When there's no one else around, it's harder for him to continue if there's a chance he's going the wrong way and there's no one else to tell him otherwise. There are only abandoned buildings, if any, and no water, making the journey even more exhausting and physically stressful. If the settings were different, the story would have been less painful.
There is a lot in the environment that affects cyclists. In a number of ways, one feature would be "the sun is starting to get hot" because that makes the cyclist hot and thirsty. Thirst reduces his use of his limited water supply. So the sun can affect him in many ways. Another feature that is causing problems for cyclists is the "ghost town" consisting of "RAM-SHOCKLE SHOWS" and "a couple of rusty pumps." These characteristics make the cyclist feel hopeless and not paying attention to the problems that make them feel when he is dehydrated. Obstacles like "tumbleweed" and "pavement blocking snakes" also affect cyclists when he's only going "12 mph" on "@NUM1 highway". The last and final obstacle was the terrain he rode. The obstacle is the "long crop hill" which exhausts the cyclist because he uses a lot of energy to get through hell, is he? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Topic: Set features that affect cyclists. The features of the settings that affect cyclists or cyclists the main problem is some rough roads, check the bike, put on the necessary equipment, don't go over the speed limit stated for cyclists I think Any function that has a setting will affect the cyclist. For a cyclist keeping a @NUM1 speed limit or a water-guzzling @NUM2: sometimes life can feel so brutal. At some point, tumbleweeds are caused by going too fast, but they won't be seriously injured using the necessary equipment. Forget that old adage, don't take candy from strangers. No, better advice for single cyclists is "Never take
The function of this setting does affect cyclists. The author writes about rough terrain and isolation. "The flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, and tumbleweed crossed my path, a snake that was ridiculously large". After reading this information and instructions. I deduce that the author is alone in the desert, in harsh conditions. I made up my mind also with a tone of resentment. He seemed to wish he hadn't taken the "shortcut" that landed him in the desert. The hot weather is another factor affecting the authors, trying to maintain balance in a state of dehydration. He doesn't seem to really plan out when to ride and how to save water. Rough terrain, desolate terrain and hot temperatures seem to affect cyclists/authors.
The environmental features that had the greatest impact on cyclists were the water pump, the Welch factory, and the fish camp. The water pump affected him because he was very thirsty and at first he thought he would get a chance to fetch water, he was so excited he pumped it out with all his strength, as he wrote. @CAPS1 He had to keep getting thirsty, (a very dangerous thing to do while riding a bike) because "it smells of battery acid." Next, Welch's factory affects him by killing his soul . He was already in a bad mood because of the lack of water, but seeing the sarcastic image of "a sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a glass of refreshing juice" made him feel worse. It was a reflection of his own desperation, all the refreshments passed and nothing left. I have had a similar experience. I am allergic to peanuts. Once, during a long car trip, I fell asleep for lunch, so I was starving, and we were on a long highway with no buildings in sight. Two hours later, we finally saw the sign of a nearby restaurant: @CAPS2 Peanut. I almost cried. The last thing that affects cyclists is Fish Camp. It saved his life. He arrived and "drank sin deeply". He was so happy that he wanted to kiss the owner of the camp. This is also related to the car trip I mentioned because after a few hours of starvation we found a really good sush:bar, sush: is my favorite food.
The stories I do the most are to talk about what happened in the story really good two starts and right
In the scene, they are located in Lodi, California. That's part of the desert. The desert affects cyclists a lot. On the one hand, it's really hot. The high temperature made him thirsty, and his water was almost gone. In the end, he was close to no town, so he could no longer get water, so this setup did affect cyclists.
Cyclists are most affected by electronic heat. He's doing his best to get to Yosemite. The hot sun and lack of water made him very tired and prevented him from using his energy efficiently. At some point, he had to make sure the building was a mirage. It was so hot that his mind might be playing tricks on him.
The conditions the cyclist was in as he continued the ride was terrible, he was getting hotter and hotter, hoping to find water after finishing the last bit. Taking the advice of an old man was the last decision he made.
The peculiarities of the environment affect the cyclist because at times, it makes him lose some of his courage and optimism. "More and more people are realizing that I might have a heat stroke on a good day" is an example of his loss of courage. I want to be brave and strong. But the heat and the sweat made the author feel weak. "I'm dying and the birds will pick me up, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear" is an example of how the author lost some of his optimism. He didn't want to die, but he kept telling himself he would go, he should have thought he would go, but the environment was too rough. The road was bumpy, the sun quenched his thirst, and he became less brave and less optimistic.
His journey is characterized by brutality. "Rolling hills" made him work harder to overcome them. The more he works, the more he sweats, so he needs to be hydrated. It didn't help that he was short of water. If he leaves alone, the poison doesn't really bother him. Road conditions added hills. The rough road made his way through and then over the hills. So the guy got really rough.
Some of the environmental features that affect cyclists are rough terrain and hills. It reads that "flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills" which can leave a person exhausted without an adequate water supply and unsure of which direction he is going. Another factor affecting him is California's hot June weather.
In "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the set characteristics affect cyclists. Cyclists are traversing a very dry area that is very hot, dry and dangerous. No water was found and the terrain was rough. The speaker said, "At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, a ridiculous lareg snake..." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Cyclists encountered roadblocks and dangerous animals. This made him slow down a little. In his environment, the situation was far from ideal. Cyclists in the California desert in June. The speaker said, "@CAPS1 With sweat wrapping around my shirt, I'm getting more and more aware that I might fall down on a gorgeous June day with heatstroke..." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Cyclists are experiencing the heat of the environment. Cyclists witnessed a strong character of the environment.
The characteristics of the setting affect cyclists in many ways. He became delusional when he said that if he was lucky, one of the stones would get stuck in his throat. He was also dehydrated because he used up all his water and had to work his way to the next town.
The function of the setup is easy at first, like a flat cold line to keep him cool rather than a hot road. Then it sat harder, the waterless road was no longer smooth, and the snake's cool pines were gone.
In the story "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Posted Limits", the features of the settings greatly affected cyclists. When he rode, he crossed the desert in June, a very hot month. There isn't much water in the desert (which would be part of the definition of a desert), so he's in danger of running out of water, especially in even-than-normal June sunshine. If he was driving through, say, forests or rolling grasslands, he might not encounter such danger, and if he was desperate, he might just look for a river or shoal for water. Another thing that may affect a cyclist is the effect of the desert on him. When people think of deserts, they usually think of dry, barren wastelands full of bald eagles and maybe dead cow skulls, like in the movies. The deserts are intimidating, they have a bad reputation, so, when he rode through and there was no water, he thought of death, "it's dying, the birds will pick (him) clean" through him now terrified head. If he was in a city or rolling farmland, he might not be so scared. There were people in those places, there were safe places, but, in his desert, he didn't, let him give way to despair. The environment influences the story a lot, so it's important to keep that in mind as you read.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist, who is alone because he has no water in the desert-like environment and no ground most of the time. The cyclist was affected in the story when he said: "I got down on my hands and knees and tried my best to operate the water handle of the rusted water pump. A stream of tar or the like seeped out, followed by more than two hundred A salty water sensation around 10 degrees. It affected him because he was drinking a lot before he got to that point of the trip, and he was almost going out, so he needed more water, but he had nowhere to go Can get more water. This is one of the characteristics that affects his environment.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists through dehydration, tiredness, and getting lost. The cyclist had almost drank all the water after walking for a while on the road, but was still some time away from reaching his destination. He was going to find a place to stop so he could pick up more water, but there was nothing around. He was also tired because he was outside in the sun, with barley and water, and he didn't know where he was going. The last example is when he got lost. There are no cars, buildings or people. Therefore, if he is injured or sick, no one can help him. In conclusion, dehydration, tiredness, and getting lost are environmental influence characteristics of cyclists.
The characteristics of this setup can affect a cyclist who runs out of water as he tries to traverse the terrain. In the scene, he's riding his bike through a desert in California, "I'm going through the high deserts of California" The word "high" means there are hills that make the journey more difficult. The hills came into the story later , as cyclists said "flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills". When the speaker says replaced, he is trying to represent the change in terrain. Another feature of the scene is the tumbleweed as he crosses the other hills, "The tumbleweed crosses on the road." Tumbleweed reminded him that he was in the desert, because tumbleweed is associated with the desert, which brings thoughts and death and is picked by birds.
Well, if the setting is thematically relevant, then the story makes sense, like it's a sad story and it's an ugly rainy day, then it's a good match. This is how the setup makes it better.
If it's hot, you can dehydrate quickly. Also, if you are in a hilly area, you will consume a lot of energy. It can affect devices, bodies and minds. Make sure you dress appropriately and carry plenty of water with you. Next, make sure your tires are inflated and all equipment is working properly. Then, plan a good route where you can stop to catch your breath or drink some water. Also, make sure you're eating well, food that provides a lot of energy.
In the setting of the paper; "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits." had a big impact on cyclists. This made him more determined to finish, because the terrain is very difficult to traverse. For example, "At some point, a bush weed crossed my path, and an insanely large snake—it did look like a diamond backed up on most of the sidewalk in front of me, and I slowed down and tried to Balance in my body. Dehydration." The author speaks volumes about the obstacles he's been trying to overcome, no matter how severe. Terrain affects characters by keeping them firm. This happens to many people who play sports. In football, for example, they will accept any problem and use it as a reason to make themselves work harder to finish the game.
In the story, cyclists are affected. The cyclist was influenced by the old man's instructions. It's just that they gave it to him to help him. That's a shortcut. I think cyclists think the directions are outdated. Reason thinks it's because in the second sentence of the story, it says, "Never take travel advice from a group of seniors who haven't left the porch since Carter took office." The character of the environment also affected him, as he had to Ride up and down on what he considers rough terrain. That's what I think affects cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," the features of the settings have a big impact on cyclists. Terrain has a lot to do with it. Plus, heat: First, terrain affects cyclists. It affects cyclists because there are a lot of hills out there. The text says, "I believe this is my last burst of energy, and I steer down the mountain." In order to go down the mountain, you must first go up the mountain. So, having to use energy to ride up a mountain can have a big impact on the cyclist. Next, the heat affected cyclists. I know this because the text says "and I'm getting more and more aware that I may fall from heat stroke." This proves it's very hot outside. Heat affects cyclists because it prevents you from performing at your best. This is how the feature set in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affects cyclists. Terrain affects cyclists because of the hills. Calories as it drains your energy quickly.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the features set affect cyclists in a number of ways. One way it affects him is that the town is old and desolate. In the story, he said "this place may be a thriving little place...but @CAPS1 it's a ghost town." He couldn't find any water or any direction. The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists as the road is rough and has many hills. "Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS1 Cyclists had to use all their strength to climb over hills. A third reason the environment affects cyclists is weather and deserts. "I'm crossing the California desert in June." He was hot, sweaty, and thirsty. He was also tired, desperate to find water and towns that were not abandoned. In "Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits", the features of the setting affect cyclists, roads, desolate towns and water shortages.
In the story "The rough road ahead do not exceed the stated speed limit", the background is a long road where "there is no person, no building, car or structure of any kind, the cyclist may be hit by the fact that he has to pass The impact of the rough road goes down.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article, he describes his experience biking in the desert. This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways throughout the writing process. At first, Kurmaskie was confident because he took advice from a bunch of old idiots. The environment is calm and happy, Kurmaskie writes, and he "enjoys the serenity of early summer evenings". The word "quiet" gives the effect of calm and peace. However, as Kurmaskie embarks on his journey, the environment changes. In the ghost towns he encountered in the desert, he was troubled by "a crumbling shack, a few battered pumps and a corral that couldn't hold the crappiest mules." Even later, the terrain changed and he saw a sign that read "Rough Road Ahead". Kurmaskie's confidence turned into deeper doubt and concern when his water supply was running low. Finally, kurmaskie saw the fish camp sign. Here, his hope returned when he found a "pretty modern bathroom" where he could stop for a drink. As circumstances changed, Kurmaskie's confidence was followed by determination and then relief.
The characteristics of the environment can affect the cyclist, because he is in a dessert-like place with water and he can be very tired. I would never ask the old man, he should ask the person in charge of the store because those people are asked so many times. If that snake caught him, or "fever," as he called it, he might have died too.
The story begins when the author, a cyclist, receives directions from several very elderly people to travel to Yosemite National Park, his cycling destination. He began to have enough confidence, and then he reached the first town described by the gentleman. It's a ghost town, and the amuse writer still believes he's fine, and this time he sets off again, to a place with "a crumbling shack, a few rusty pumps and a corral that can't even hold a lame mule." The authors became concerned about this due to insufficient water supply. He travels through rolling hills, snakes, tumbleweeds and different landmarks. Everyone ripped his confidence and excitement to shreds. Especially as the author's juice plant is currently very dehydrated and has lost all hope. Finally, he arrives in the waters he seeks in the form of "Gary Wilbur's Fish Camp", rejuvenating himself and the hope of drying up. Every time the author passes a landmark, his confidence takes a hit, and even with his poor physical health, there is no hope that his sunny vacation will drain one's heart more.
The characteristics of the environment have a negative effect on the cyclist, because he is in the desert in summer, there is very little water and there are no stones to drink water, for example, he said that "except for buildings, cars or structures, no one is there. Any kind in sight. That explains how his environment affects him because he has nowhere to go or have a drink. That's why I don't have a good setup for cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment have a bad effect on cyclists. Rough roads and steep hills made him sell harder. The old men let him walk the rough road. The desert temperatures made him thirsty, so he ran out of water quickly, "when I tried a drop or two, it smelled of battery acid," he said. The heat could kill him at any moment. For example, "Big circles of dry sweat surround my shirt, and I'm getting more and more aware that I might have a heat stroke on a nice day in June." This person's ride to Yosemite was a very dangerous one ride.
Settings can greatly affect cyclists. This place can change what happens and how it happens. For example, if the story was in Alaska, the cyclist wouldn't appear "sweaty around my shirt." Instead, he has been battling hypothermia. The setting is very important because it affects all the details in the writing.
The terrain was good at first and he was confident. But when he gets to the first town, it looks like one of those ghost towns in the movie. When he was told it would appear, the next town did not appear. The terrain is desert and there is no water for miles. But he remained steadfast. Still, he drank some water.
The function of the setting affects cyclists in "Do not exceed posted speed limit". For example, he found a "shaky shack" and tried to find water. It affected him because it said, "I got down on my hands and knees and operated the rusted water pump handle with all my strength." The phrase meant he was determined to find water, and maybe anything.
The setup affects the cyclist by depriving him of his hydration and weakening him. The big hills and rough roads sapped every bit of his strength and weary him. The narrator says, "on a long, serious mountain" (kurmaskie @NUM1). The selection of this work reflects the author's feelings about his adventures. Words like "long" and "crippled" indicate that the trip was a horrible experience.
Pride, determination, relief - all of these are things cyclists feel on long rides. The cyclist first started riding with fresh legs and good direction, but after walking for a while on the road, he began to say hello to the old people, "a diary with the last time I took the place of the old people, their wisdom , their direction, I made a psychological change to change it." Feeling that the direction might be a little bumpy, he rode to his destination with pride. Next, the rider made up his mind to get to his destination and did a lot of things, "I collected some pebbles and put them in my mouth to keep my mind from thirst." This line suggests that he will do almost anything to come keep going. Finally, when the cyclist arrived at the @CAPS1 store, he was tired because he knew the old man was right and would get to his destination, "when I stumbled into the rather modern bathroom and got deep from the sink When drinking water, this sentence shows that he is naturally right about getting water, but know that the man is right.
The feature of the setting affects the cyclist when he is thirsty. "A sandblasted photo of a young boy can be seen pouring a glass of refreshing juice in his mouth." This proves that the rider is thirsty, as it was mentioned in the previous paragraph that he had one last burst of energy on the way down. And he also sweated a lot. He also wiped the sweat from the corners of his eyes.
I work better when I can feel the environment. I think some people like to ride a bike in the mountains, fresh air, you don't have to worry about them riding a bike can be fun, like the climate gets easier, even the fresh air, beautiful trees and the environment makes him feel better, so ride The environment of the bicycle plays a vital role.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. This setting affects the performance of the cyclist. For example, the harsh temperatures began to slow his pedaling. These settings also make cyclists a little scared, such as when a cyclist encounters a snake that he fears. Again these settings affect the cyclist by seducing him. For example, rivers lure cyclists to stop riding and go for a drink. In conclusion, the environment has a major impact on cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. On the one hand, many settings are frustrating for cyclists. "This place may have been a thriving little place - say, before the last world war - but that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town. As soon as the cyclist arrives in this 'town' he realizes the old man 's advice may not be so good. Dry deserts affect cyclists the most. This hot climate makes cyclists extremely thirsty, hot and sweaty. "Large circles of dry sweat surround my shirt, I Increasingly aware that I might have a heat stroke..." The cyclist's tone here is ironic, but he's still worried about his health due to the heat and lack of water. There's nothing around the cyclist, This fact affects him as well. Since he asked the old man for directions, he has not seen a glimpse of life, buildings or anything. So this will undoubtedly deter the cyclist and make him lose the will to continue riding In conclusion, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways.
Cyclists cross a barren land trying to reach a land of rivers and valleys. Cyclists pass through the first town and see a crumbling shed, rusted water pump and corral in the California desert. The cyclist was angry and was led into the desolate town by the old man, but he held out hope for the next town. They, he found an abandoned juice factory and bottling plant, and the disillusioned cyclists began to give up. "I'm dying," he cried hopefully. The men feel that they have nothing left and that it is the old man who caused it. Finally, he came to a bait shop, and he found a bait shop of his own, which gave him a lot of comfort. These traits influenced his attitude, because in a barren land you are as hopeless as a cyclist. Therefore, what is around us affects our education, friendships and survival.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits," cyclists are emotionally and physically affected by environmental characteristics. At first, he began to feel discouraged when he came to an empty shed with a rusted pump. "[The] sight was disturbing," (@NUM1 page) @CAPS1 in the article, the terrain changed from flat to dwarf, rolling hills and tumbleweeds began to pass. Cyclists will definitely be affected by changes in the terrain. He was exhausted by now, but he continued to ride on his legs. Before his ride was over, the cyclist arrived at an abandoned @ORGANIZATION1. How the set includes a large photo of a little boy drinking a refreshing juice. The author seems to be almost aware of this. "I put my head down" (@NUM2 page) he admits. Finally, he found an old fisherman's shop, and seeing this shop from a distance excited the author, because he could finally have a drink. The author's mood and body are greatly influenced by these characteristics of the environment.
Joe Kurmaskie's feature set in "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits" shows that over time, cyclists get tired and exhausted from long traversing rough terrain trying to find their way home, and then he Seeing some buildings collapse a hill saying "I believe this is my last burst of energy, I maneuver down the hill" (kurmakie @NUM1). After the rider got home, he said he would do it again.
The main effect is water scarcity. It's June and he's cycling in California. So it will be hot and he needs a lot of water to stay hydrated. When he saw Welch's grape juice factory, it only reminded him of his own thirst. Also, the terrain he rides is not the easiest. He started riding on flat ground, but later on hills instead of flat terrain. It didn't help his dehydration. Here's why if you're cycling in the summer, you should carry plenty of water with you
The effect of the setting is how hot it is and what bike lane he is on. The rider said it was June in the summer and it was hot. The road is not smooth, very old and shabby.
In the short story "Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", a cyclist is confronted with heat, lack of water and rough hills trying to get around.
The peculiarities of this setup affect the cyclist as he is trying to ride the bike up and down the hill, which can be very tiring. Also, the hot air can dehydrate him, which can cause him to pass out. Besides dry air, there is also dry land, which means no place to stop for a drink or take @CAPS1. Rough @CAPS2 makes cycling easier as it involves more energy than cycling on flat roads. Finally, the snake in the middle of the road made the bike have to go around. If the snake bit him, he could die from the poison.
The settings in the article "Don't exceed the published speed limit" are very hot when dry, with little shade or moisture, and at some point maybe not at all. Does this affect the author because he has no water at all so he gets dehydrated as he walks.
How the function of this setting affects cyclists. The peculiarity is that you should never take advice from elderly people who never go out. For example, in the story it says, "Never take travel advice from an old collection. They haven't left the porch since Carter took office." This affects the setup, because if it's not for his map, let them peek at it , that would save him a lot of trouble.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits" the terrain is set to hot and drained. In the text it says "feel black water somewhere around two hundred degrees", which proves that cyclists are exaggerating the heat in California's high desert. The scene is also drained, and he had to stop in the desert town to refill his water bottle, as the text says: "I'm on my knees, trying my best to operate a rusted water pump handle." This proves that the cyclist's People have to stop to get water and use a lot of electricity to pump it out. In conclusion, always prepare for the worst, but hope for the best.
In the story, there are many background features that influence cyclists. A setting feature is the undulation of steep hills. The hills exhaust cyclists and crave water even more. For example, in the story it says, "On a long mountain, a building comes into view". This shows that the mountain is difficult to climb. By using the word crippling, it tells us that the mountain is brutal and hard to overcome. Another circumstance that affects a cyclist is the absence of any civilization on his bike path. As he rode, he noticed that there was no one around to help him if he was in trouble or needed water. No one made him stress and worry about his journey. It shows this in the story when he says "no one can be seen, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind". The story also said: "I was dying and the birds would pick me up, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and a diary with the old man's last entry". It showed that there was no one around to help him, he knew. He thought he would die alone and the birds would eat him. He was very worried about no one.
Often, features, settings have a major impact on cyclists. Features, settings involve and describe the cyclist's hash and ultimately alleviate the situation. The settings are human-related and play a role that cyclists can observe. One reason for how the set's features affect cyclists is that it shows the various issues cyclists face. For example, in the cool pine tree, there is no one to see, I am the only one. This means a clear implication that my cyclist needs help getting home and ultimately by traveling, he needs water to satisfy his thirst. Until then, these traits showed a cyclist's weakness. For example, I believe this is my last burst of energy, because I agree, maneuvering down a mountain. These traits and settings influence the cyclist by showing how he faces his troubles, thirst, and fears, which end up behind him. These features and settings provide a clear understanding of the cyclist and what he expects.
The characteristics of the environment have a great impact on cyclists. When he started riding, he was convinced that the "oldies" were right about which directions and paths he had to take to get to Yosemite National Park. Although the sun was going down, he refused to give up, as he said, "The sun is starting to go down, but it's hard for me to notice." He came to a run-down and desolate place, so he knew that if anything happened, he was alone. The desert heat makes him drink water a lot, so he tries to drink more, like "When I try a drop or two, my hands and knees hit the ground and it smells of battery acid" paragraph @NUM1. He was thirsty for hot water. Then he thought he only had @NUM2 miles to go, so he moved on. As he rode along the changing terrain, he became weak as he "tried to keep his balance in a dehydrated state." With the last of his strength, he passed an abandoned Well be grape juice factory, which may have been A test of his patience and sanity. He took the "gather a few pebbles and put them in my mouth" just to keep his mind thirsty. He lost hope when he found out "the best option for Gary and Wilbur's fish camp", and was only relieved when he could get cold water. By then, he had learned his lesson and stuck to his map.
As the author reminisces about his long and tedious bike ride, he talks about the struggles he had to deal with. When he set off that morning, he asked some old folks on the porch for directions @CAPS1. They told him they knew the way and the shortcut. He chose to take their advice, but later regretted it. When he finds the town they call it, all he finds is a ghost town. "Never take travel advice from a bunch of old men who haven't left the porch since Carter took office." If he finds signs of life, he'll end up in a town. There, he asked another old man if he knew the way to Yosemite, and the man said he had a good map. Throughout his journey, he was assured by the sun and lack of water. The sun made him hot and thirsty, which forced him to drink a lot of water. When he took the last few sips, he refused to drink and began to lose consciousness. "On a nice day in June, I might have a heat stroke."
Cyclists can only go as fast as they can pedal. If the environment is a humid sunny day, he cannot fast due to his lung capacity. If it's a warm but windy day, he has to go at his pace to avoid injury. Basically unless the weather is nice or safe enough, he will run fast. But he has safety first, so it depends mostly on the weather, but also on the time of day. If it is night [dark], you must wear a reflector to avoid getting caught by it.
Features in the environment can affect cyclists due to heat and terrain. I say this because in the story it describes all the hills he has to go up and down, and there is a huge amount of heat on him. The heat is also unbearable because it makes you drink more, and throughout the story he struggles to find some water, and the water he does find is about "200 degrees and tastes like battery acid". If you don't have water, it's hard to ride a bike that far in that heat.
Cyclists are affected by many features in their environment. Long Mountain is one example, Snake and Dirt Road are two others. The desert heat is another matter, and his depleted water supply is an example of what affects his characteristics.
There are many environmental features that affect cyclists. One page @NUM1 Paragraph @NUM2 has a sign indicating rough roads. One page @NUM1 paragraph @NUM4 says "Crossing the long pile of piles". He also mentions temperatures starting on the @NUM5 page and @NUM1 paragraph @NUM7 at the top of the page "I was traveling in the desolate parts of California in June. These setup conditions all affected cyclists.
The character of the scene influenced the cyclists in this story. First of all, in the story it says "...more and more people are realizing that I may have heat stroke..." (@NUM1). This sentence indicates that the weather is very hot and is affecting his riding. The narrator also said, "I relaxed while trying to balance while dehydrated" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The phrase means he was dehydrated and unable to balance on rough terrain. In conclusion, the setting affects the cyclists in this story.
This setting affects cyclists as they want to go further and ride their bikes. and see what happens ahead. Ride your bike in the heat and you can get heatstroke and die from dehydration and heat. This is why you should carry plenty of water with you when you ride your bike.
The cyclist set up his way in the article "The Rough Road Ahead". In summer, cyclists are in the desert with little water. He was trying to find his way to Yosemite, but he got lost on the way because some old man gave him the wrong direction. During this time, he rode his bike for miles on hot summer days. His desire to continue the search for Yosemite was holding him back. I believe it would be different if the cyclist was in a cool environment since his setup was a distraction for him
The cyclist became very tired and the area he was in didn't help at all. In June, he was in the desert and it was so hot that every town he came to was deserted and without water. It's also very hilly, making the job more difficult.
The function in the "Rough road ahead, do not exceed the published speed limit" setting affects the cyclist as it determines how easy or difficult it is for the cyclist to ride. For example. Hot land will cause him to die or heatstroke without water, dry land means he has no place to replenish water, and poor land means that if he doesn't have heatstroke, he may not be able to find and survive. Another example of how the functionality of the settings is available to the cyclist is in the story when the road gets rough and he sees his speed time sign even though he is here he is going 12 mph drive. This suggests that the characteristics of his environment, the contours of the land and the rough roads, make the cyclist's journey more difficult. The environment can be characterised by cyclists' biggest arrests, and whether they have a long, rough ride where they have to push themselves to the limit as in this story, or an enjoyable lersury ride.
Cyclists "do not exceed the published speed limit" are definitely affected by the setting. In June, he was cycling in California - which was a hot place from the start - which made it even hotter in the hot desert. When you're doing physical activity like this, the last thing you want to do is be in the heat. The narrator brings only a bottle of water, which he drinks regularly at first. Then it started to get hot and he ran out of water. This affects his body, it tires him, and it affects his mind as he begins to doubt himself. Then there's the abandoned juice building where they make juice. "It's ironic that Welch's juice plant and bottling plant were abandoned a few years ago," he said. He was dying of thirst, and then he found the bottling plant. The cyclist must have been influenced by his mental environment - saying "I'm going to die". - Dehydration of the body.
The cyclist rode on rough, dry and abandoned terrain that made his journey almost fatal. He described it as "the high desert in California in June." It was dry, lifeless, and hot. The sun was shining on him, and he needed to drink frequently, but he was running out of water. Empty towns were the fresh water he wanted, but they had been abandoned. This made his journey very dangerous. He could fall at any time due to heat stroke and he would die on the spot. His sweat dried up in the heat, and he couldn't cool down in the dead desert: dead, dry. He had to raise these extremes. Ironic conditions for miles, just to find some water. That's what the desert is all about, and what a home shouldn't experience.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in many ways. The mountain is very long. Every town is full of fear and riding rough. The heat also affected him. His health was affected.
When you do any sport or anything, your settings are everything. If you sweat in the environment, you can easily get sick. The scene in the story has a rough road ahead of the cyclist with no water and a very hot environment. That's why a cyclist feels tired and sick because he sweats and has no water. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the setting greatly affect cyclists. Characterized by old abandoned towns and hot temperatures. There are also abandoned buildings. This makes cyclists think that all hope is lost. The article said: "On a long hillside a building came into view [...] I bowed my head to that smoky blues tune 'Summer Rattles'. Then to a happy mo sarcastic twist that should please all sadists reading this, this building […] looks fitting, once Welch’s grape juice factory and bottling plant […] I keep my head down that Smoky blue adjusts the rattle of summer." Then cheerfully wrote, "As I stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and took a deep drink from the sink, I had an overwhelming urge to think Go to Gary and Wilbur and kiss them."
With no one around, the road ahead is rough, not to mention dehydrated, cyclists are starting to feel like they're dying. Because of this, he starts giving himself up, but every time he sees something, he tries to get there.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. For one, he biked through California's high desert in June. This causes the cyclist to become overheated and sweaty. So he often drinks from his water bottle. Unfortunately, with "no human insight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind", he had nowhere to bottle and dehydrate. To make matters worse, the terrain changed from flat roads to "short, rolling hills". Normally this wouldn't cause much of a struggle, but since he was dehydrated and overheated every mountain seemed "paralysed", my thought was that if the environment was a little cooler, maybe during the period when the old man lived, cycling people will have a more pleasant experience.
Excitement, hopelessness, and self-pity are all feelings cyclists experience because of their circumstances. He was really excited to go to Yosemite because it was so quiet. He said, "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers are calling my name." He wanted theirs because it was so hot. He started to despair of water, so he drank from this hot water hole. "I tried a drop or two and it tasted like battery acid." He was running out of water, so he desperately needed some. He started to feel sorry for himself, "sometimes life is so cruel", he felt sorry for himself because he still had a long way to go. These are all cyclists' feelings due to the environment.
The characteristics of the environment can affect a cyclist's mood in many ways. the story said. "About forty miles on the pedals, I got to the first 'town.'" The cyclist is probably tired from riding 40 miles. Then he finds out that town is dessert, much to his dismay. The next few stops were also dessert, and he was almost out of water. He became desperate. The road became rough and a large snake blocked the way. He was scared. Finally, he came to a bait shop with cold water, and was relieved. As you can see, the cyclist experiences a lot of emotions caused by the background of the story.
The way this setup features cyclists is that it's in the desert in June. also wrong
Cyclists are influenced by climate, people and surroundings. The climate in June is desert, very hot, and there is almost no water. This left him dehydrated and miserable. The old men who "helped" him thought he was in a guiding position. There are no shops or inhabited buildings around. That way he has nowhere to get any water for nourishment.
When the story says "twenty miles on the road," the set's characteristics affect cyclists. I came to a fork in the road", this line in the story affects the cyclist because he doesn't know which way to go. Another feature of the impact setting is when the story says "I use my hands and knees, Operate the handle of a rusted water pump with all my strength". The statement shows that the cyclist is dying for the water and he thinks no one will come out. The final feature that affects cyclists is when the story says "the front is rough Uneven roads: Do not exceed the posted speed limit. This indicated that the rider had to be under the speed limit, but he was tired earlier and he was speeding, and he could do it on rough roads.
Dry, deserted areas where cyclists are, with lots of cations and
In the article, the author bikes through the desert to Yosemite Park, which dehydrates him and changes his mood. Across the desert, he ran out of water, so he stopped. Some of the towns he was told turned out to be barren, as he soon became dehydrated and couldn't find water there. This is the obvious effect of the setting on him, another effect is to make him suspicious of the old man, changing his mood from confidence to despair. As he rode his bike in the desert, desperately pumping his life up, hoping he could find water, he realized that the elderly knew the past better than the future because they didn't know every changing world as they were used to, and at first he Have confidence in the old man's direction and wisdom. The environment he was in made him a little bit smarter.
Because the environment the cyclist is riding in is the dry desert, it makes the cyclist look more and more determined. He's bucking the trend, so it seems like he's pushing himself to the limit. On the hot and long roads, he had no water, and the cyclists seemed lost. But in the end he picked himself up, made it happen for himself, and overcame adversity.
From reading this story, I believe the desert environment in which he rode his bike influenced him a lot. I believe it affected him as his attitude towards cyclists changed for the worst. At first, he was very driven, determined and hydrated. Over time and mileage, the landscape has changed. It's really hard. In hot water, alternatively, you need to rehydrate as much as you can, especially for long-lasting physical activity. As he moved on, he had less and less water and didn't want to think about anything else for a long time, how old was he, how thirsty was he, was it worth it? When there's something to see, you'll be desperate for the worst change in cyclist attitudes. In my opinion, I firmly believe it may be in the form of long-term work for seeds in the desert. I have got? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Do it while exercising???. very ugly? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? thing. My attitude will become farm. " I made up my mind and I'm tired of 'what's the point'. But I think it's great that he never gives up??? It's going to go bad. It's an eye-opener for me to see reacting to my goals how great.
The features of this setup affect the cyclist by dehydrating him. The cyclist said, "I worked hard. At some point, a tumbleweed crossed my path, a snake that was insanely large." The cyclist was in the desert, and with every mile he rode, he became Getting dehydrated. The desert sun dried his body. He said to every landmark he passed, "I relieved the stress of trying to balance in a dehydrated state." @CAPS1, the more he walked, the more the desert affected him and dehydration.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One way is that the cyclist doesn't follow his map. Instead of sticking to his map, he asked a few old men. The old man who showed the cyclist the way also gave him a shortcut. This is where the second influence comes in, cyclists start using shortcuts instead of major roads. This is how the function of the settings affects cyclists.
Some features of the environment that affect cyclists are road conditions and roads that vary with hills. The cyclist has ridden about two miles on his journey so far, after which things started to change. This is backed up when the author says "I noticed a change in the terrain when the next leg of the ride was less than two miles away" (kurmaskie). Although the author started the journey well, things soon changed in his favor. Although the hills and road conditions changed the characters in the story, he still solved the problem without any qualms. Due to all the problems in the setup, the cyclist still ended his journey.
The characteristics of this setup lead to two major problems for cyclists: suspicion and dehydration. From the article, you can deduce that the cyclist doubts whether he will ever reach Yosemite because of the constant features in the article that cause him to lose hope and confidence. For example, towards the end of the article, the cyclist is exhausted and desperate, but then sees a building on a hill. He hurried to the building, only to find it was an abandoned, run-down @ORGANIZATION1 factory. Having hoped, he was forced to get back on his bike and move on. This feature of the setup made the cyclist even more disappointed and created more questions in his mind. Although he lost confidence and wanted to go to Yosemite, the nature of the environment also presented him with a serious literal problem: dehydration. The weather was bad and he had to go over mountains and over rough roads. He was running out of water, and in one town, he found that the water in the pump was undrinkable. The characteristics of the environment gave him these problems and the reason why his health was at risk.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. @NUM1 way is the road condition. The other is heat. The other is a snake. Another is no town insight. The last one is the lack of information. @MONTH1 is the one who made it. @MONTH1 He was injured on the trip. Maybe a snake bit him. Either way, the settings affect cyclists in many ways.
In the article, the environment is described as dry, hot, very open and sweet. Clearly, this description may suggest loneliness. Even though the man was alone and didn't know where he was going, he persevered. When he thinks of "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers." The idea made him strong, so he kept working on it.
There are many land features that influence the cyclist and his travels. The first is the desert, and the desert has no water, which affects him a lot. There was also a snake that might have killed him. The fact that the roads are not as well paved and apparently abandoned for years makes it more difficult for him to ride the bike. The juice factory just taunted him and reminded him that he needed water, like that well that draws hot, rough water instead of cold water
When the cyclist first started his journey, he had a lot of confidence in himself. He saw everything the old man told him. As he continued his journey, he noticed that everything was deserted and empty. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." The man started to get very uncertain. You can tell him saying "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage and tried not to get excited." He was very skeptical that he would get where he was going. Finally he was relieved that he found a fishing spot with bathroom and fresh water.
In this story, the characteristics of the environment have a big impact on the cyclist. Unreliable directions, barely enough water, poor road conditions and other hazards such as heat and animals make for a very difficult ride for cyclists. The cyclist started the journey with wrong information about how to get to his destination, which led him to a long, gruelling journey without much water. "The speed limit is @NUM1. I'm doing a water-guzzling @NUM2," he said in the story. This means he runs out of water too quickly for the amount of land he covers. Another feature that affected his net was that the road conditions were getting worse until he reached the motorway later in the journey. "Smooth roads are replaced by short rolling hills," he said. That means faster, easier-to-ride terrain is replaced by slower, harder-to-ride terrain. These features of the scene can be very dangerous, or they can be factual and have influenced many of the cyclists' lives in this story.
The character of the environment affected the cyclist as he lost hope of traveling to Yosemite National Park as his surroundings changed. Like when he rode through his first town, it looked abandoned and he wasn't quite sure if he should move on. And when he doesn't see anyone or any building, he gets worried and wants to lose hope. But he breathed a sigh of relief as a second signpost appeared.
The setting of this short story makes the cyclist doubt his survival. The main problem is water, or lack of water. The cyclist had no water and thought it was only a matter of time before he died. Another big problem is rough terrain. It is difficult for cyclists to overcome rough terrain. Also, no buildings, people or cars can be seen to save him. Until he finds the bait shop, if something happens to him, there's no one to help.
The 'do not exceed the published speed limit' feature of the setting has had a large negative impact on cyclists. For example, when the road changes from flat and easy to rolling and hilly. This makes it hard for him to ride the bike. He needs to use more energy to climb the hills. Another example is when it says "Tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake blocks most of the sidewalk in front of me." The connection to seeing tumbleweeds is abandonment and loneliness, so this increases his despair. Finally, he saw Welch's grape juice factory, which was empty and only made him more thirsty. All of this affects cyclists. The fact that he saw the grape juice factory was also ironic because he was extremely dehydrated and the factory was abandoned.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in several ways. The first is fiery. He's basically in the desert, and he's running out of water. When he started running out of water, he started saving it, which dehydrated him, so he became weak, "I'll save my water and walk inward for an hour or so -- it's a test of my inner spirit. Rough terrain is next. When you hit rough terrain on your bike, it's hard to keep going, and the cyclist is out of water." A big highway sign jumped out at me. I read: bumpy roads: don't go over the published speed limit, life can be so brutal sometimes". And finally the structure is first a ghost town with 'battery acid' tasting water. And Welch's grape juice factory and bottling Plant, they're all probably dimers." A sandy photo of a young boy pouring a refreshing juice into his mouth can still be seen. I put my head down". As you can see, the features of the settings often affect cyclists.
The authors found that the desolate and harsh environments weren't frustrating, but rather they stood out as reasons for entertaining and fun, task-like tests. After arriving at his first ghost town, the author writes, he giggled, amused by the funny "old dummies" and their crazy ideas. When he got to the second store and found it was not at all mature, he was a little disappointed, but thought it was "a test of [his] heart". In the third abandoned factory, he still appreciates the irony of the situation. He refuses to be discouraged by the empty horizon as he rides his bike through the desert, but uses it as a reference point for his own progress and as a way to propel himself. Despite the empty disappointment, the author keeps his spirits high and keeps pushing
In the story of "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Speed Limits", the reader sees the landscape and terrain become more rugged and lonely, with a somewhat grim outlook as the cyclist travels and limits are pushed, and he only expects the most bad situation. The bumpy road left him without pipes after he discovered the water pump, and the salty water tasted like battery acid. In this story, water is in a sense a metaphor for his life, the source of his existence. At first he drank it a lot, and when he got to the pump it was bad, like the story itself started to get bad. The cyclist in this story knows his body well enough to admit to being dehydrated. At one point he said: "I'm becoming more and more aware that I might fall with heat stroke just because I listened to some gentleman who hasn't left the porch for ten years", which he later said made him laugh sadly, in despair. smiled. The lack of humans and their technology really broke him.
Deserts are the most vulnerable environments in nature. Its lack of water, dry air and harsh heat are enough to kill the toughest creatures. When traveling in the desert, maintaining a constant supply of water and learning the path of the forces of nature in "Don't exceed the prescribed speed limit," cyclist Joe Coomaski must overcome the desert's heat and lack of water to survive . As the author observes in the @NUM1 paragraph, "I have a large circle of dry sweat on my shirt, and I may have a heat stroke." If the human body overheats, it becomes sick and cannot function properly. In the desert, one must stay cool or die. In @NUM2, Kurmaskie becomes aware of the dangers of running out of water in the desert, "I hit a water bottle a lot, and in June I'm traveling through the high deserts of California." As the water begins to run out, Joe suffers from dehydration, despair, and loss of balance . Water is essential in a desert environment, without it, as Joe puts it, "the birds will pick up (you) clean, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear".
The features in the settings of the article "Rough road ahead do not exceed the posted speed limit" affect cyclists in brutal ways. The old man said towns would be there, but they were just towns without function. To despair for the cyclist, the setting puts him on a California day in June, which is very hot and brings all these unexpected twists and turns. One cruel thing to add to the article is when it reads "The speed limit is 55 mph. I'm consuming water at 12 mph" This reduces the cyclist's confidence and makes him look more Worry. Another cruel place where the author added a "sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring @NUM1 glasses of refreshing juice into his mouth" that Welch's grape juice factory was abandoned makes him completely hopeless. The features of these settings are brutal.
Features in scenes like ghost town deserts, juice factories, etc., give cyclists a sense of hopelessness. When he came to the ghost town he was out of water and he thought it was @CAPS1 because the next town was just a short walk away. However, when he came to the next "town" and tried to use the pump, a rather hot, dirty liquid appeared instead of water. He begins to lose hope when he arrives at the abandoned Welch factory. All his hopes were dashed then, claiming that "birds will pick me up clean" and best for cyclists, then he was "rescued" by a bait shop. These features in the set gradually dash his hopes until he arrives at the bait shop, where his hopes, but certainly not his established facts about the old man, are back.
In the setting of the paper; "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits." had a big impact on cyclists. This made him more determined to finish, because the terrain is very difficult to traverse. For example, "At some point, a bush weed crossed my path, and an insanely large snake—it did look like a diamond backed up on most of the sidewalk in front of me, and I slowed down and tried to Balance in my body. Dehydration." The author speaks volumes about the obstacles he's been trying to overcome, no matter how severe. Terrain affects characters by keeping them firm. This happens to many people who play sports. In football, for example, they will accept any problem and use it as a reason to make themselves work harder to finish the game.
The article takes place in a barren desert landscape in a very hot environment that causes him to dehydrate faster. There are also very few fones. In this place, as he said at some point when he wrote a free article, "the end result was only @NUM1. This place also made him question what he saw, thinking it might just be a mirage.
The many features of this setup affect cyclists in many different ways. The natural beauty around him affects him by making him laugh. In the article, it said, "On a good day in June, he smiled." This suggests that despite what happened, he may have had a good day outside, giving him optimism manner. Also, the throbbing sun affected him in different ways. This made him sweat and nearly died of dehydration. "Increasing awareness that I might be suffering from heat stroke" shows his nervous realization that he might die from the power of the sun. Therefore, the environment around a cyclist affects him in different ways.
The set conditions are brutal. The author experienced overheating, dehydration, and misdirection. He experienced depression and death. He met a big old snake and finally he reached his goal. This affected him, and he learned to carry a map and not listen to the old man's instructions.
This setting affects the cyclist because it makes his ride more difficult. For example, the weather is very hot. "The sun is starting to go down." He said it didn't affect him, but he was very thirsty and dehydrated, so internally it affected him. Also, weeds and snakes frightened him. "Tumbleweed crossed my path, a ridiculously large snake." It couldn't have made his ride any easier. Next came hills and roads, "over a long and serious hill". It's a testament to how intense his ride is. That's what Joe Kurmaskie's setting in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affects cyclists.
The characteristics of the nearby environment have a bad influence on cyclists. The four main factors affecting him are heat, lack of water, lack of buildings nearby and @CAPS2. One of the biggest issues for this cyclist is heat. He said "I was crossing the high deserts of California in June". This indicates that it is hot outside during the specified months. June is a very hot month, especially in the @CAPS1 desert. The second problem is the lack of water for cyclists. He talks throughout the story about how thirsty he is and how much water he needs to drink. When he reached the end, he found water. The third problem is when he needs water, he can't find it anywhere because there are no buildings. He rode great distances trying to find a nearby "town". Once he found them, they were either "ghost towns" or useless at all. The last question he faced was @CAPS2. "At some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and an outrageously large snake...blocked most of the sidewalk in front of me," he said. @CAPS2 got in the way and didn't help him get to his destination at all. real. The character of the surrounding environment is affecting him in a dramatic way as many things like heat, water shortage, buildings and @CAPS2 are inches.
These settings can affect cyclists, as it can be quite hot in California at times. It really hurts that a cyclist can get dehydrated and pass out on a long trip. There are also lots of hills which can be really hard for cyclists.
In this article, the author has added a number of features that cyclists can pick and choose from. One characteristic is that his water supply is insufficient. This shows exactly how hot it was and how much he drank. Another feature is old rusty pipes and bad water: this shows that the town has been abandoned for years and the water supply is undrinkable. This article all in all shows how hands-on it can be in hot weather, with a lack of supply and no sense of direction.
Cyclists in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits". Had to have a tough time in the California desert. It was difficult for him because the desert in June was very hot. He was almost out of water; at first, he rode with ease on flat surfaces. But when he started rolling, he had to use more energy and ???.
The peculiarities of the environment affected the cyclist because he was really thirsty and then there was no dry air in the town nearby which made it worse. There are also bumpy roads and hills that make cyclists tired and even more thirsty. Finally a factory made him think of juice and made him more thirsty.
The features of the setting influence cyclists by changing the definition of not talking to strangers. main character
The function of the settings affects cyclists because real cyclists know how fast the bike is so you don't need to tell them. If a cyclist needs some directions, they'll go to the gas station instead of some old man's house. A real cyclist can go as long as they want before stopping because they are tired. A real cyclist knows how to do tricks on a bike without having to do it over and over to do it. A real cyclist doesn't have to train to be on the tour and win, they have to practice to win.
The setting in the story has a big influence on the cyclist. The hot and desolate conditions make cyclists tired or spotted. For example, cyclists observed, "A rickety shed, a few rusted pumps, and something that a lame mule can't hold greet me. The sight is troublesome." This sentence shows the old Yes, the dilapidated environment worries him. The author also says, "No one in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." In this sentence, the cyclist realizes his isolation and begins to become more determined to reach his purpose land. Realize, have been lost, and then you know it can be frustrating if there are no signs of life around you. All you have to do is keep going and hopefully you will find your way. This feeling is manifested through the cyclist, now the environment around him influences his journey.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One of them is that it is during the day that the sun bothers cyclists. Another was that he was frustrated because there was nothing around. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind. If there is something, he won't be frustrated, at least he'll have more hope of finding something.
In Joe Kurmaskie's narrative "Don't exceed the published speed limit," cyclists are fatally negatively affected by the environment. Cyclists are traversing the "California High Desert in June." It was so hot, so hot in fact, that the author realized that he could "heat stroke" at any moment. This unbearable heat, combined with the "severely" hilly terrain, was enough to send cyclists into a situation of severe dehydration. Obviously can't have a positive impact. The sweltering heat and unforgiving hills wouldn't be so scary if there were some places to stop to rest and replenish the dizzying water supply. However, "seeing no one, no building, or structure of any kind" The cyclist was completely isolated in more than NUM1 miles of arid desert, the sweaty sun shone on him, and he was visibly on the steep Hard work on the hillsides of this environment has a dire negative impact on cyclists.
Cycling for extended periods of time without water is bad, but it's even worse when your conditions are at their worst. For example, when a cyclist has no water, it's a day when nothing around him can help. Also, without water, he may pass out and become dehydrated. When he finds there is no one to help and nothing around him, he sucks on a pebble to keep his mouth hydrated. Therefore, you should always check your destination before cycling.
It's hard to be hot outside, not to mention the advice of the elderly and riding a bike. If it feels like it's outside @NUM1, you don't need to be there. No matter how long you've been outside, any body can get heat stroke, fast enough that they can't count @NUM2.
On the way to @CAPS1, cyclists traverse dry, hot weather over rough terrain. This left him tired and dehydrated. Halfway through his journey, he could see nothing for miles. That must be frustrating. He was dehydrated along the way and when he found water it was @NUM1 degrees @CAPS2 because of the heat.
Hot, bumpy roads, no shade - all these things affect cyclists. Did he ride in? ? ? Then the sun started hitting him and he said it felt like a desert, "Considering how hot it was. The road was fine at first, then he walked for a while and it really started to get rough. He had no shade. Part has to suck because he has the sun on him all the time. All of these are reasons why cyclists shouldn't be pointing the way in the first place.
The "Rough road ahead: don't exceed the speed limit" setting affects many cyclists. The line "June California High Desert" in the story suggests that it was very hot and dry. Cyclists are tired and there are no big ponds to get water in the desert, so if you don't have water, you have nothing. Cyclists also endure the pain of having to drive, climb, and descend over rough terrain. In the story, a sign is said to read "Rough Road Ahead". He also has to get around obsessive-compulsive disorders like tumbleweeds and snakes. The dry, rough, dangerous conditions put the cyclist's life at risk, but thanks to his dedication, he got through it.
The settings feature in "Do Not @CAPS1 Posted Speed Limit" affects cyclists. The text states that "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). Flat roads that were easy to ride a bike turned into many hills, which made the cyclist's job more difficult. The cyclist is negatively affected by this environment because it fuels his tough times and makes him lose hope.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead", the cyclist is influenced in many ways by the characteristics of the environment. One way in which cyclists are influenced in many ways by the characteristics of their environment. One way cyclists are affected is when they have to traverse hills and plains. When going uphill, the hills made pedaling very difficult. Another way a cyclist is challenged is when he has almost no water. They need water to survive, especially during long rides. Finally, the high temperatures cyclists have to endure can also affect them. The heat makes it difficult to concentrate on long trips.
These characteristics greatly influence the setting of the story. At the start of his ride, there were people around and he had no trouble. No one was around after he talked to the old man and started heading to @NUM1 town. There are no buildings at all on the site and no water source. With no one around, his confidence in actually completing the trip had to go downhill. When he arrived at the first town, he found that it was an old town, and there was no one there. This made him angry and his confidence plummeted. When he got to the next building, he noticed that there was no one there either, and then thought he would never make it, he would die. When he got to the last place, it was a more crowded environment. There are people around. Then he started to feel relieved that he could get water. No one around him made him lose a lot of confidence.
Features of the environment, such as terrain and weather, greatly affect cyclists. The function of the settings can make it easier or harder for a cyclist. Weather can make them run out of water faster or slower, rain because poor road conditions can force cyclists to go slower. In the article "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", cyclists are slowed down and more fatigued by the nature of their environment. The lack of water and settlements slowed him down. The same goes for rough roads. The hills and animals on the road slowed cyclists even more. Features of the environment that can help or hinder a cyclist, in the case of "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits," severely affect his cycling.
The characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in many ways. It's a straight road, and it's going to be smooth sailing. If the road is rough, he will jump up and down. If he was riding in the woods it would be cool and a little dark. If he was riding in the desert it would be very hot and bright.
The features set in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit" greatly affect cyclists. I'm sure the heat will make the cyclist more thirsty, and the heat will also use up energy very quickly. Cycling in the "California desert in mid-June" doesn't sound pleasant. When a cyclist is tired and exhausted because there is no water, I believe riding through all the open land has an effect on his attitude. I think seeing a building excites him, and then when he finds out that it's just an abandoned building, his spirits drop. He presumably felt he couldn't hold on much longer, since all the buildings he encountered were empty, or abandoned. When the cyclist arrives at the bait shop, he probably feels better and feels very relieved to be there before the heat stroke.
As the cyclist passed the old town the old man told him, the circumstances made it harder for him to get over when he passed the first abandoned town, the water source dry and empty. The text says "Pumped the handle for a few minutes, but the water wouldn't cool, it tasted like battery acid." The second source of the drink he passed was the abandoned @PERSON1 juice factory. The text read, "Sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth." Those two things made his mental situation even more difficult , as he had come close to what he needed countless times. stuff, and it was taken away.
The cyclist is affected by the change of terrain from flat to hilly, the orientation of the old man, and most importantly, his thirst. He tries to save the little water he has left when he really needs it. He wanted to find a place to cool off and get water, and he finally did. He was also a little angry and disappointed by the old man's instructions. He had actually gone a lot more miles than he should have been instructed, and he was beginning to wonder if they were lost.
There are many different characteristics, such as weather, road conditions, and human feelings. If it rains or the weather is chaotic, the weather will affect him and he may get a unit. How the person feels depends largely on the weather they try hard or don't worry too much about.
Influence cyclists according to the characteristics of the prose set. If a cyclist is in a hot desert in June with no water, the cyclist will get thirstier as they walk. For example; the author says "I hit my bottle a lot and in June I'm traveling through the high deserts of California". The terrain changed from flat land to short, rolling hills, causing cyclists to force themselves to the next town to get water. For example; she said "crossing a long hillside a building came into view". This caused cyclists to go down there using what they believed to be the last burst of energy, but the building was abandoned, leaving cyclists disappointed. As the cyclist moved on, a bait shop came and the cyclist was relieved that she could now fetch water. These examples show the changing environment of a cyclist's travel and how it affects her.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit", a cyclist is trying to get to Yosemite National Park. Instead of taking the longer road, he took the "shortcut" some old people gave him. The old men didn't know what the hell they were talking about, so the cyclists ended up taking a path through more obstacles. When the cyclist needed more water, he came across "several rusty pumps". There will be no water coming out of these pumps, so he has no choice but to keep using @CAPS1 water. As he continued to travel, he said "flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." @CAPS1 Any water, with rolling hills, he had little energy, but he had no choice. Cyclists have to keep going for miles @CAPS1 to see anyone or anything. "No one in sight, no buildings, cars or structures of any kind." His troubles finally ended when he was instructed by another person at a fish camp.
The setup will have a sense of ergancy. The cyclist is running out of water and he is the middle of the dessert. It wouldn't be so serious if he had been in the forest or subburbs. He talks about passing out with the Naxi people. He sighed that it didn't matter much. I'm going to die, and the birds are going to pick me up. "
In the story, do not exceed the speed limit posted by Joe Kurmaskie, cyclists are affected on the road ahead. He took what he thought was right but wrong advice. So that takes him away from the good he's trying to achieve
The effect the settings have on cyclists is brutal. First, cyclists get directions from people who haven't left their porches in decades. So once he took the instructions and used them, the problem arose. A major problem is the lack of water for cyclists. Cyclists have also encountered snakes. The other direction was far away, so he had to go longer than he thought. Also, when he arrives from his travels, he discovers a desolate town. So all in all, from now on the cyclist will use his own direction.
As the context of the story changes, so does the mood of the Cyclist's narrator. His mood changed from joy and confidence to indifference and fear. At first the cyclist was very happy with Yosemite, he was just carefree and not worried at all. "I rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face," he said. Even in his first "ghost town," he just "smiled, checked my water supply, and moved on." ". At this point, he can't be so carefree. After the town, he came to "a crumbling shack, a few thirsty pumps and men". "It's a hassle," he said, the weather is hot, and he drinks a lot of water. He said, "He failed." He was starting to get a little scared, and he realized that he could "fall out of heat stroke." He was afraid that because he believed the old man's thoughts, he might die. He was finally happy when he got to the bait shop and got a drink. Since then, he has stocked his map. Throughout the story, his attitude has changed a lot.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed the Published Speed Limit", cyclists are greatly influenced by their surroundings. He took the old water pump off Yosemite. "No two miles of flat roads are replaced by short rolling hills. The speed limit is 55. I'm doing a water-guzzling @NUM1." This shows that as the terrain gets rougher, the harder it is for cyclists to keep going . And, since he's gotten to the point of dehydration, it's even more difficult for an already tired cyclist. Go a little further and it's all the way to Yosemite. This is how terrain affects cyclists.
This setting affects cyclists by making them very hot. He said he started sucking on rocks because he heard that if you suck on rocks, you don't get thirsty. He also said he might hit a bump and swallow one of the rocks. He said he wanted to swallow a stone. The reason is that he is too hot. He didn't even know where he was going.
The function of this setting is not helpful for cyclists. First, he's riding his bike in the desert! This helps him dehydrate faster. Second, the "towns" along the way have been abandoned, and there is nowhere to fetch water or ask for directions. In the end, there is no one else around, so if a cyclist is in trouble, he won't be able to call for help.
The set features can affect cyclists for a number of reasons, such as: dehydration, my road causes the bike to stop working. Due to the seemingly lack of water in the dessert, the guy is prone to dehydration. High temperatures can cause this. The road he rode on me caused the tire to blow out.
The cyclist, eager to go to Yosemite Park, listens to "the old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office." He went as the old man told him. He went down the hill to the town, which was deserted, into a difficult road with snakes, then up the hill, then down, and saw an abandoned "Welch Grape Juice Factory". Then he saw a sign that read "Gary and Wilbur's Fish Camp - If you want big fish, we're your best bet!". Then he ran into the bathroom and drank from the sink. Before he got there, he became thirsty and tired, and when he saw the abandoned building, he saw a little boy drinking juice, and he wiped his eyes to see if he saw a mirage. So he stuffed a few pebbles into his mouth. It reads that sucking on the stone can help you get rid of thirst by getting the rest of your saliva to circulate. Then he left, a stone smashed down his throat. When he saw that sign, his troubles, thirst and fear were all behind him.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. One feature of the setup is heat. It affects him by dehydrating him. For example, the caption, "Just a few tantalizing sips in the water bottle, I might fall out of heatstroke," means the heat is hitting him.
The author makes the environment seem long and unbearable, doesn't feel hot and lacks water on hand. Especially in the way he keeps describing the road, all these challenges keep coming up, like in @NUM1 mile to a town then @NUM2 mile past him, "to a park???." _then he 's out of the hospital," I was traveling in the high deserts of California in June. @CAPS1 ?? Imagine I was still facing the heat and emptiness of the ??? journey. @CAPS1 That bike looks endless. Then for example, his thrust is getting more and more Big, "I'm consuming water at 12 miles per hour and can see life is brutal. "@CAPS1 he felt his restraint on the journey @CAPS1 I feel his restraint for the endless journey he had to go through. Another example, "I made my sweat to make sure I wasn't a mirage". And then, get here, abandoned buildings a few years ago. @CAPS1 His journey is seen as hopeless, the first wave of problems has made him endless for a long time @CAPS1 His journey is seen as more difficult And filled with hope as a force to stay and accomplish his goals.
In the story "Don't exceed the postal speed limit", many of the settings have functions that affect cyclists. First and foremost, he was influenced by the people who lived there. "Never take travel advice from a group of seniors who haven't been on the porch since Carter took office." This quote describes the cyclist's affection for the elderly. Because he followed their instructions, he traveled through ghost towns and died of dehydration every hour. Also, the lack of people and civilization affected the author. There was no one around to turn to him for help. “…but on that morning, it fits the traditional definition of a ghost town. Here, the author tries to stop for water, but he doesn’t get it because the town is empty. In the end, lack of water has serious consequences for cyclists. Big impact." That smoky blues tune "Summertime" rattled through the dry hive of my deteriorating brain. " This describes how the author was really dehydrated, and he felt like his brain was drying up. However, his need for water made him more determined than ever to keep going until he got to another town, or to Yosemite. target destination of the national park.
The characteristics of the environment affect men in many ways. One way is that when the person notices that the terrain starts to change, he becomes increasingly distracted. He saw a sign that said "Rough road ahead: do not exceed the posted speed limit" as if he thought the sign was mocking him. Also, when the rider says "should please all sadists in @CAPS1's twist..." he is telling the reader that the situation is very ironic and he wasn't expecting anything.
I've read stories that set-up is a big factor in cyclists, for example, it talks about how cyclists see things that say "Rough road ahead! Don't exceed the published speed limit." So ride cyclists beware
Cyclists are a horribly harsh environment for cyclists, but the thing that really stops the bike is the lack of water. There is no house to refill his bottle and no one to give him the latest instructions. Because of the heat, he drank more water and had a harder time breathing in extreme heat. Cyclists will be fine without these mistakes.
I think the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. For example, he talked about what he had to endure while riding. For example, he has no water, so he is very dry. A gigantic snake took up half the way, and no buildings could be seen. So the environment casts doubt on him, but he has the confidence to get where he needs to be, and then when he gets there, it's a sign of relaxation. The affected settings are just that.
The setting in the story affects the mind and body of the cyclist. They took a toll on his body because of the rough terrain and because he was in the desert and mountains. Also because he didn't follow the plan on the map, I think the anxiety of the whole thing took a toll on his physical health. It affected his spirit because every town he passed, or every building he passed was empty, he didn't know where anyone was, so he had to be stressed. It made him insane and he thought he was going to die, which is not good for anyone. I really think he should do what he thinks is right and stop listening to the crazy old man. Maps don't go crazy, they don't go out of date, maps don't lie to you, so he obviously learned his lesson.
Some features, such as landscape changes, affect cyclists. From flat land to miniature hills to highways, it was a little tricky to handle, especially considering he was dehydrated and out of water.
Scene features in the article "The Rough Road Ahead". Influence the speaker by presenting challenges such as dehydration, dangerous animals and rough terrain in order to teach him how to follow the travel advice of the elderly. In the article, he confidently embarks on his journey, following "their advice" on the grounds that the men "sound self-conscious as they point out landmarks and spew out towns." The mention of tumbleweeds" even turned into a dangerous appearance, with a small cabbage snake blocking his path, and eventually the environment changed back to comfort, allowing him to learn from the hardships of the environment's character and follow his own map ever since.
The characteristics of the environment setting are affecting cyclists. A setting is a specific time and place of events and the characteristics of setting them, which is a background description that basically gives additional information about a topic or idea. The hot weather in Lodi, California has disrupted cyclists, making the cyclist or cyclist hotter than usual as he heads in the wrong direction, getting closer and closer to the fiery scorching desert . On top of that, he was running out of water and was starting to get more and more exhausted from the heat, and he was starting to lose consciousness and become dehydrated. This is a major problem for the character as he is losing his sense of direction and thus becomes more panicky as his water supply is very low. An example of an environmental setting that affects a cyclist is "I'm relaxing in the past, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state. There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. The wide dry donut wraps around my skirt and I'm becoming more conscious By the time I could fall from heartbreak in June's gorgeous "(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM1)". @CAPS1 Example is "This sight is disturbing. I hit my water bottle a lot, and in June I'm on a trip to California's high desert "(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM2)". The fiery fiery also increases the character's confidence in himself, getting more and more panicked. An example of this is "I started breaking down my rides into distances. I could see the horizon and tell myself if I could do that, I'd be fine" (Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM1). All in all, the California heat affects the cyclist in a number of ways, it drains his water supply, which causes him to become exhausted, dehydrated, loses his sense of logic in making decisions, but also loses his sense of direction. Also gave him more confidence as he was on the road and serving towns about 20 miles away to get water for him @MONTH1 to survive.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Rough Road Ahead," the character of the scene affects cyclists in many ways. One way the setting affects cyclists when the weather gets hot and the rider runs out of water. Another way a cyclist is affected by the environment is when he says he "may die of heat stroke on a good June day just because listening to some gentleman who hasn't left his porch for decades makes me laugh. The third way a cyclist is affected is when he goes into a bait shop and calms down. National Park.
Cyclists choose the worst terrain they have ever ridden. Cyclists travel through deserts and desolate towns. That's when he starts to get thirsty. At first he was not tired nor thirsty, because he rode the cool trees and rushing water in the morning. Once he reaches the part of the desert where there is no water source, he gets thirsty and starts drinking his water, which is quickly depleted. Lack dry place will make you thirsty, but after riding for some time become very bad. This scene has everything, about cyclists without water, and that he would die of heat stroke. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
The setting affects the mood of the cyclists in the story. Cyclists are riding rough terrain and rolling hills. This makes the cyclist feel like his journey is hopeless. The cyclist was shocked when he arrived at the abandoned @CAPS1 grape factory. He was so thirsty that there used to be a @ORGANIZATION1 building there when the cyclist was on the road and he thought he could get some water. When this fails, cyclists are less determined. He felt that the whole world was against him.
These settings affect the cyclist because no matter where he goes, it doesn't seem to end. Like when he rode where the old man told him to go. He walked through a ghost town like they said he would walk through a small town. Then he moved on, but it never ended, and the summer heat began to hit him. Like when he started hiding his old juice factor and started imagining he was drinking juice. So he started looking at things.
When the author cycles through this shortcut, he is in a very dangerous situation. As the poem says, he was in the high desert of California in June. The desert makes the heat unbearable for cyclists. It's just sun, sand and him. Then it tells the month that summer will of course make it almost possible for cyclists to get hotter around @NUM1. This can cause him to drink a lot of water and lose almost all of his water supply. "Just a few enticing sips in the water bottle." Then there's his ride distance. Authors always say "about @NUM2 miles" or "20 miles". All this hard work would cause heatstroke and kill him.
Features of the environment, such as the sun's desserts and abandoned towns, have a big impact on cyclists. The dry dessert made him feel like he was on a horse forever. And probably makes him wonder if he's going to a town. The sun has made him hotter than he has made him sweat more and make him more thirsty. The abandoned town has given him no hope of finding water, or even what he once did with yosomite. The mood of the story ranges from contentment to sadness to joy. He was content after riding to the first town, but then other towns were deserted and began to run out of water, and he thought he was going to die, which made it sad. Then he became happy when he found the bait shop and found water.
In Joe Kurmaskie's "Rough Road Ahead," the features of the scene negatively affect cyclists. The story takes place in California in June. This is a very hot time of year in such a desert region. The heat increases the rate at which a cyclist dehydrates, and if he hadn't been in the desert in June, he couldn't think as well as he could. Cyclists also travel in desolate inhabited lands. "There is no one in sight, there is not a car under construction, and there is no structure of any kind," the authors say, which underscores the characters' complete lack of resources. He was unable to seek help, water, food or shelter. The road is also rough, with many rolling hills. Such terrain is harder to maneuver, especially in this desperate state. The setting of the story "the rough road ahead" greatly influenced cyclists.
There are many things that can affect cyclists such as heat, lack of water, rough roads and long journeys. The cyclists are in the desert, so it's hot. The narrator says, "More and more people are realizing that I may die of heat stroke" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). This means that he or she is very hot and dehydrated. The road is very rough, eg, "Road Ahead Rough: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The roads became rough and cyclists had to go over a lot of hills. There is no water either. So he/she runs out of energy, which makes things more difficult. In the end the cyclist survived and drank a lot of water.
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a very detrimental way. The scorching temperature and scalding sun made the author feel hot and took away his energy faster. The emptiness of the environment makes one lose hope of finding any civilization. The narrator says: "It's a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you..." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). That was not the last harmful environment, the dry desert air had the most impact on his life. The dry air made him more thirsty for water, and he didn't dehydrate him any faster. The narrator says, "I'm crossing the high deserts of California in June" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The solitary and terrifying features of the cyclist's environment made it worse, so much so that he had no water.
In "Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limits", a cyclist follows some bad advice, which has resulted in him struggling through the desert with little to no water. The setting has a big impact on the cyclist as it causes him to become dehydrated, which is the main conflict of the story. "There are just a few enticing sips in the water bottle," the author says when his fresh water supply begins to run out. Another factor that the environment brings to cyclists is the scorching heat of the California desert. This increases thirst and dehydration in cyclists. Readers will feel unpleasantly hot as they read, "big circles of dry sweat wrapping around my shirt..., I might get heatstroke on a nice June day..." The rough roads and challenging terrain also Challenging the cyclist and slowing his progress towards Yosemite.
Cyclists are influenced by environmental characteristics. The cyclist kept pedaling his bike in the direction the old man told him to go to Yosemite. Soon he was out of water, very tired, and he believed he would die soon. But then he found a fish camp and went into the bathroom to rejuvenate himself. When he came out, a man was sitting on the porch. The author got guidance from him and glad he's on the right track again.
This simple setup has many ramifications, which can be for better or worse. The scene is all alone on an empty mountain road, with no houses, no cars, and no people. Here are some good and bad influences to give you. A great effect is yourself, so when you work out, you can relax and enjoy the energy. One bad thing is what to do if you have a flat tire or need help. You stock up because there's no one around them. Another good thing is you're alone, @CAPS1 any car. You don't have to worry about getting hit, so you can relax and enjoy the ride. Another bad thing is that there is no water, so you may want to bring a lot of water. So whatever you decide to do, be careful and think what you think
The cyclist is in an environment that makes him feel isolated from the rest of the world. He knew that once he set out on an adventure, there was no turning back. None of them could help him. Circumstances made him aware of the many risks involved in this venture. Knowing that there was no help was his motivation to continue the long journey.
The setup features features that make cyclists feel hopeless after realizing they're not taking shortcuts. The cyclist is "increasingly aware that [he] may fall due to heat stroke". Also, the only building he saw within miles "was @NUM1 Welch's Grape Juice Factory". The cyclist fell into a deeper despair, and when he saw the building, he felt that all hope was lost. As he moved on, the song "'@ORGANIZATION2' rattled in the dry honeycomb of (his) deteriorating brain." At this point, the cyclist thought his own death was inevitable. He said his death was inevitable. When it came to the pebbles he put in his mouth, he said "with any luck I'll hit a lump and get one stuck in my throat". Finally, the cyclist arrived at a small bait shop and all hope returned when he "drinked deeply from the sink". The desert environment, lack of water, shelter and people, was the reason for this man's worry and later panic about his life. The cyclist's desperation is much like the desperation of those in @ORGANIZATION1 who are trapped in a blizzard far from civilization, eating their dead in order to survive. While @PERSON1 @ORGANIZATION1 goes to extremes to survive, their circumstances make them feel as hopeless as cyclists.
In the article "Do not exceed the published speed limit", the set characteristics affect the cyclist as he has to traverse different types of landmarks. First, he got information from the old man. For example, when he showed the old man the map, they would only know the old shortcuts and not the new ones. Second, when he runs out of water. For example, when a cyclist runs out of water, he has to climb a mountain, which exhausts him. Plus, when he tried to get water out of that thing, only the hot water came out last, and when he finally got to a story, the old guy had a map. For example, when he asked the old man where he was going, he said I had my own map. So he knew he was in trouble. In conclusion, this is how the characteristics of the setup affect cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists in many ways. The environment is very hot with lots of hills. The cyclist was going up and down the mountain all day, and when he saw the buildings he thought would help him, he used up a lot of energy and he said, "...the last burst of energy, I was in Hill Manipulation," by saying this shows that his location contains a lot of hills, and they affect him by taking up all his energy. This is how the settings affect cyclists.
In Joe Kurmaskie's short story The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Published Limits, the character of the scene affects cyclists. In the old Coggins house, he had confidence in himself because they showed him the shortcut to Yosemite, gave him the confidence he needed, and when he left, he was still confident, and with the circumstances As the mood changes, so does the mood of the cyclist. After 'about @NUM1 miles on the pedals' the cyclist reaches the first town, he despairs because it's a ghost town, 'still confident, he runs out of water, he keeps going. A few more miles , he came to the little fork with the water pump, felt cool, he went to pump and found it was @NUM2° @CAPS1, tasted like "battery acid". Now he's desperate, no water, dehydrated, no town around, he starts pedaling Dengdeng, hoping to find a small town nearby. When he did find a town with water, it was relief and a better environment for him because he found water. Finally, how about a cyclist Get back your self-confidence and then despair when you use water, not relieved when you find it.
It will be a tough risk at first, but the cyclist is taking a risk in the desert. The desert is known to get hot, so biking quickly becomes enjoyable. Also, when the only things you see for miles are horses, sand, and empty factories, it's easy to lose your morals very quickly. It's just a whole way of getting lost in the setup.
Cyclists work great because a lot of things can get hot and it doesn't matter that the water doesn't cool. But when you drop it in your mouth it smells of battery acid. He or anyone could suffer from heat stroke on a carnival day in June. So hot that you see like a small town heat, pour a refreshing juice into his mouth and still be able to leave.
The characteristics of the environment greatly influence cyclists. He set off with confidence until he came to a desolate town. His confidence is still quite high, but he is not as confident as before he came to the ghost town. Twenty miles further on, he came to a fork in the road with a crumbling shed, rusted, dirty water pumps and a small corral. The desert was hot, and the lack of water dehydrated him. Paragraph @NUM1 states, "The sight is disturbing...I hit my water bottle a lot and am traveling through the high deserts of California." He quickly gets tired and dehydrated due to the lack of water and energy supplies. The ground began to turn into rolling hills, making him even more tired. His mood changed from confidence to despair. He even planned to change the diary entry in case he died of heatstroke. These characteristics obviously greatly affect the mood of a cyclist. Sometimes disappointment can come from taking the so-called "easy way out".
In the story, the environment affects the cyclist throughout the story until he reaches the body and wilbers fish camp. When the man was on his bike for a while, he was, but when he entered the first town it seemed like a ghost town. When he stepped on "the sun started going down but I barely noticed it". The wheatmaker had a big influence on him back then, but he kept Yosemite's cool pines and rushing rivers in his mind. On the way up the mountain, there were only a few tantalizing sips left in his water bottle.
The background of this article is to tell children not to get lost and not to listen to the advice of the elderly.
The character in the scene greatly affects the cyclist, the scene is hot and rough terrain, he is tired and thirsty. The cyclist said, "Crossing a long hill and a building comes into view." He means he needs water badly, and the mountain is so big that he needs it. He also said, "Summer is rattling in the dry hive of my deteriorating brain." It's the summer he rides, and to keep his attention away from thirst, he hums the song "Summer" he wants to show the heat No more than his body. He also said, "At some point, billowing weeds came across my path, a ridiculously large snake. " He said the terrain was deadly because of the snakes passing by him. He needed to be desperate to show that he could overcome anything. As you can see, the setup greatly affected the cyclist.
Many things can affect cyclists. But in the story, three main features of the scene have the biggest impact on the cyclist. When cyclists ride, it's hot. We know this by reviewing the text. It gave us this phrase, "I might have a heat stroke on a good June day." Because it's hot. This can make cyclists thirsty. Another feature of the environment is the numerous hills. This can cause fatigue. We know they have a lot of mountains because in the text it says. Flat roads are replaced by rolling short hills. " Climbing over all these hills is really exhausting. The third feature of the environment is nature. Nature can affect us in many ways like weather, terrain, animals for example. In the story, cyclists meet A big snake. That makes it dangerous. The setting can affect anything. It would be a whole different story if the cyclists were in the summer of @DATE1 instead of June.
In the article "Do not exceed posted speed @CAPS1", the setting is used to alter the cyclist's mood and reflect his situation. For example, the phrase "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers have my name written on them" helps describe cyclists. The idea of lush, cool water plants gives @CAPS4 hope on his increasingly hellish journey. The beauty of this setting also reflects the comfort that comes with arriving at Yosemite. A good environment equals a good result. Later, cyclists encountered "a crumbling shed, a couple of rusted pumps and a corral that couldn't hold the crappiest". It's a depressing environment that symbolizes a complete loss of hope. And at this point, the cyclist is uneasy about his situation. Cyclists become more factory as the seeds roll by when cycling through the desert, always a symbol of desolate areas. Setting the Nile to influence and reflect emotions is nothing new. There are many examples of this literary technique throughout history. For example, in his story "@CAPS2 by @CAPS3 @PERSON1". @CAPS4 @PERSON1 is a desolate beast that symbolizes and causes @PERSON2 to change his character, be surrounded by uncivilized people, and let @PERSON2 rip his clothes and hunt like a dog. Set in an uncivilized desert. Some colonies simultaneously caused and reflected this change. The settings in the article "Don't exceed the speed limit for publishing" are used as an important part of character development.
The characteristics of the article explain how the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists for a number of reasons. When the author writes that tumbleweed crossed my path", it suggests that he is likely in the middle of nowhere. This is true because tumbleweeds are often a sign in movies and TV shows that the place is deserted. Also , when the author writes "growing awareness that I may be getting heatstroke" and "an insanely large snake", indicating that he is in increasing danger. This is true because snakes can get sunburned, Or he might fall over and die from lack of water. In the end, the shop has a catchy name because it's a bait shop and he's thirsty. It's funny because fish live in water and he's thirsty , seeing this sign completely relieved him. So, the features of this article explain how the features of the settings affect cyclists.
The cyclist faced many challenges on his trip to Yosemite, one of which was traversing the California desert. It was quite a challenge, as the desert is very hot and dry, plus the author made himself even more thirsty and hot by riding his bike. He also encountered a large snake that looked like a rattlesnake, which he avoided even though it nearly covered the road. The author also had to deal with rough terrain when cycling through hills. Cyclists took up the challenges and braved them.
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit", many different settings affect cyclists. For example, in the beginning, he had a very smooth start. But it's very hot. Then he started to go into a small rolling hill that caused more damage to his legs. Then we got into a rough place and he had to be more careful. The roughness exhausted him from all the bumps and bounces. He's been through a lot on that bike trip and who knows he @MONTH1 never gets back to where he lives.
The characteristics of this setting affect the cyclist, making it harder for him to pedal and complete the ride. For example, "flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills." This should make his stroke more difficult, as he can't pedal at a consistent pace all the time, but has to start pushing harder and harder over and over again. Effortlessly pedal, expend more energy. Another example is "June through the high deserts of California". This made it more difficult for him because he had to do all the work in the hot summer. In the end, he had nowhere to refill, drink or cool off for the first three stops. That would make things difficult because he was dehydrated throughout the trip. Some characteristics of these settings can affect the cyclist, making his stroke more difficult.
One feature that affects cyclists is the rolling hills. The "text description" goes two miles into the section...I noticed the terrain was changing...
In the article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the settings have a big impact on the story for a number of reasons. First of all, it's summer, so it's hot. Also, it's in the desert in the west, so it already has a very warm climate. Third, there is no civilization on the "shortcut" he takes, so the author has no way to get water to replenish his body. This is how the character of the setting affects the cyclist in the story.
This setting has a big impact on the cyclist as the wind is also strong and the cyclist can control the bike. There are also a lot of buildings and a lot of people outside, so they don't allow cyclists to go there, so cyclists have to turn back. Then, if it's an unblocked road and there are no people and no buildings or houses there, it's going to be an easy ride for cyclists. As you can see, this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways.
Cyclists are mostly affected by some scary parts of the environment. In the beginning, when the weather is not so hot and he has plenty of water, the cyclist is absolutely fine. As the days passed, he felt a rush of heat. He drank all the water and now he is desperate. His mood changes with the environment, and as soon as he arrives at Gary and @ORGANIZATION1, he is very happy. Also, the cyclist decided to blame the old man for giving him the wrong direction when he was in trouble, but he thanked them when he realized they were right.
If the weather is nice, cyclists will want to get away. If it's a bad day, they don't want to but they probably will.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "Don't exceed the posted speed limit", the set characteristics affect cyclists because there are old people out there for a long time, you can't ask for advice because they are old enough to be informative and not know what they are talking about. "A better piece of advice for single cyclists is, 'Never take travel advice from a bunch of oldies who haven't left the porch range since Carter took office.' " That's what characterizes the context and examples of this paper.
Cyclists on rough roads are not characterized by the kind of l'D war in a fort. I thought it was going to be a scenic story, but it turns out he wanted to prepare it that way. He got instructions from some elderly people who had not left the house, and it felt like Carter was in the office. He's a bicycle scooter that rides you on a bike with what you can carry. He runs out of water and may suffer from heat stroke or pass out in the middle of nowhere with no one around to rescue him. So the heat goes away, drives you crazy, makes you thirty, and you take a bite. This cyclist is in a hormonal state and I don't think he's ready for it. Always stick to your intuition.
In the story, there is no one around, no building, no water, and he gets lost. Had a negative impact on the cyclist, who kept doubting himself. Although he persevered and got through the tough situation he was in.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead", the environment and features affect cyclists. In the story, for example, he says "I once read that sucking on a stone helps you get rid of your thirst by circulating the rest of your saliva". This suggests that the traits are rough, because unless it's hot, he probably won't be that thirsty. The background and features of this story take place on a hot day in California. Another quote that would support the issue is that the author said, "I wiped the sweat from my eyes to make sure it wasn't a mirage." This suggests it was hot because he was sweating. It could also indicate that it was hot, because he thought it was a mirage, and people usually see them in the desert, where it's hot.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit", the features set affect cyclists in many ways. First, when the cyclist rides the first few miles, he can't see anything. This made him less determined to achieve his goals. Then, in the @NUM1 segment, the cyclist sees a building that helps him gain strength to reach his goal. As long as the bike is on the bike, the cyclist's determination drops. But in the end he came to a building that gave him a sigh of relief and more confidence in himself.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists to dehydrate and use up time and energy. The phrase "I used to try to balance while dehydrated" is a testament to a rider's dehydration. "I could die from the warm realization of heatstroke," proves that riders are running out of time and energy. These thoughts and quotes show the characteristics of the cyclist's setup.
In the previous rough road story, the author took a trail he had heard of before. After the ride didn't live up to his expectations, the setup started to "set up". The dryness of the climate will make the author have to contend with himself and the surrounding conditions. His lack of water was also a problem. Also, his lack of water was a problem at first, but the hot sun would make him dangerously dehydrated.
Cyclists have some pretty tough challenges. The real scene influenced him a lot because he had to overcome too many optical problems, for example, he took instructions from some old people who moved and then lively didn't know what they were talking about. Then he ran out of water so he had nothing to drink and the road started to get bumpy and he saw snakes. There are no buildings and no cars around, so he can't ask anyone for help if needed. He came to an old factory which was believed to be Welch's grape juice factory but was abandoned and looked as if it had been a while and finally found the fish coming to These different optics affected his mood and his determination.
The setting in "Bumpy Road: Don't Exceed the Speed Limit" has a great influence on the protagonist of the story. At the beginning of the story, he passes the first "town" and continues to cycle, following the instructions given to him by some old man. "My name is written on the cool pine trees and the rushing river in Yosemite." He was in a very confident mood at this time, but adding some words like "rush" to him was a kind of inspired. Then he continued on the road. “With less than two miles of riding on this stretch, I noticed a change in the terrain.” At this point, he was starting to be unsure of how good the direction he was getting. Once he's tired, rolling hills aren't what he wants, so this increases his suspicions. Going further, he said, "there was no one in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." This added to his desperation because he felt like he was going to die in Yosemite. Not seeing anyone can be very frustrating, so this setup really affects him. Then he said, "Across the long hillside, a building came into view." It was at this point that he used the word "paralyzed" because he was almost exhausted and could not go any further.
The features in the settings greatly affect cyclists. It struck him as strange as he rode through this desolate and dilapidated town. After that, he set off across the desert when a huge snake blocked his path and made him even more frightened. When he arrives at the abandoned juice factory, he has almost no energy and can barely continue his journey until he finally reaches the bait shop. Most of the features in the settings scare the cyclist, but they all affect him.
The cyclist begging to sense death was coming his way and he kept going, unable to see the building. It made him take a keen interest in the situation and still have enough energy to feel sorry for himself. Then, when he finally saw a building, he thought it was a mirage.
Where a cyclist rides affects a person's attitude and strength. If the road is full of hills, it will take a little more effort to maintain the speed. When placed in this situation, Kulmowski wrote: "It was a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least I still have the energy to feel sorry for myself." It shows how a person can be Sucked dry by the hills. Also, being in the desert can cripple cyclists from thirst. The cyclists in the reading desperately try to pump and look "salty". So the setup can break cyclists.
The settings in the paragraph have an effect on the cycler. He's dehydrated, he's almost dehydrated, and the weather he's in is so hot that he can't see towns miles away.
The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because it is really hot outside and he has very little water and has a long way to go. The temperature was so hot that the cyclist said he felt dehydrated. He also has to climb a lot of hills and cross the desert to get where he wants to go. He took a "shortcut" but it ended up taking longer and he was dehydrated. This is how the environment affects him.
The characteristics of the environment have a good effect on cyclists. For example, he will be in good shape because cycling is a sport. He will be rich because he will win bike races.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article, many of the obstacles are caused by different settings. For example, high temperatures cause the character to become dehydrated. "I let go of the past, trying to keep my balance in the dehydration state," he recalls. It lost his resolve and caused him to lose consciousness. The hills he had to ride on also affected him. They made him tired and weak, and he lost his resolve. Like the temperature issue, a loss of resolve could eventually make him unconscious. "If it looks like I'm going to lose consciousness one last time," he said.
The setting of the story affects the loop because if it were the second ear he could have stopped anywhere to get the water but the plot is in the middle of the desert all he can do is keep rolling and hope to find some water he has to go @NUM1 miles for example to get water to the next town, which he could have done right away if he wasn't in a desert with hills
Cyclists are affected by many features of the environment. Flat roads quickly turned into rough hills, made more difficult to ride due to lack of water. The hot desert sun and lack of towns and people also made the journey difficult.
The characteristics of the setup affect cyclists because it is hot. It was so hot that his water tasted like battery acid. Then he had to deal with a difficult trail break, saying "the old man who hasn't left the porch range since Carter took office." That is to say, the old man gave him the old direction. Plus, what makes the environment even hotter is that he's been riding his bike non-stop. Then as he rode, he said, "My name is written on the cool pines and swift rivers in Yosemite." Thinking of this, he forgot the heat. That's why settings affect cyclists.
There are many reasons why a set's characteristics can affect cyclists. One reason is because it's so hot, and I know this because it's summer in the California desert. Another reason is because the road is very rough. I know this because he sees the "Rough road ahead; don't go faster than the posted speed @NUM1). This tells you the road is rough. And since he's riding his bike on rough roads, it's not good for him Not very good. Another reason why the setting can affect a cyclist is that no one can get a route from it. No one around to give him water. These are just a few of the many reasons why the environment affects a cyclist .
The background to this story is outside. Yosemite cycling outside. She was around the hills, there was no water, and the land was hot. You know she's on the mountain because she said to herself, "...I'm coming down from the mountain." And you know she wasn't in the first place? ? ? ??? Good water. "When I try a drop or two, it smells of battery acid..." This indicates that the water is bad. The land is also hot because it says "...in ?????? 2 Baidu." Yosemite starts out bad, then eventually learns to stick with it and never give up. The biggest problem with Yosemite is that she runs out of water because it's hot outside, and the water she drinks sucks, it tastes like battery acid.
There are many things that can affect cyclists. Like they say, "The tomb grass that crossed my path was an insanely large snake." @CAPS1 Her example is when they said "In less than two miles on the next leg of the ride, I noticed the terrain happened Changed. Flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills. This is how the character of the setting affects cyclists.
Stories of cyclists' settings affecting cyclists who have to walk a lot "The speed limit is @NUM1. Is doing water consumption @NUM2 and life can feel so brutal sometimes." cyclists love By bike, they enjoy the tranquility of an early summer evening's bike ride.
The function of this setting affects cyclists. First, rivers and pines "Yosemite's cool pines and fast-flowing rivers have my name written on them." With that in mind, the cyclist moved on. Second, roads are getting harder and harder to navigate. "Smooth roads are replaced by rolling hills," and a sign on another road read "Rough Road Ahead". These roads make cyclists work harder to get to Yosemite National Park. Finally, there is insufficient water supply for cyclists. "Just a few enticing sips in a water bottle." Not having a lot of water really sucks when you're hot outside and cyclists don't know where to find more. The towns that cyclists encounter are abandoned or "ghost towns". Cyclists have nowhere to go for help. This cyclist had a lot of problems riding his bike to Yosemite National Park.
The instructions the elders gave him were really bad. Nature is not on the positive side. First, he ran out of water because it was too hot. Secondly a snake blocked his way and he did not want to lure it. Third, he became so overheated that he risked suffering from heat stroke in unknown places. He also kept going to abandoned buildings. Too bad the stone on which his thirst depended got stuck in his throat and he was taken to a bait shop that was completely off the beaten track and he couldn't get home.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. The dry desert affects cyclists because there is no water there and cyclists become dehydrated. Intense heat, as cyclists can suffer from heat stroke. These animals, because snakes can kill cyclists who have no one to help for miles. In the story it said, "These people are invisible, not bullying, cars or structures of any kind," and if the cyclist needs help, the cyclist is likely dead. If I were a cyclist, I might have given up by then, but I'm glad the cyclist didn't. The characteristics of the environment affect the cyclist because many things can happen to him.
The environmental feature that affects a cyclist is heat as he gets lost and he slowly runs out of water. "You should never take travel advice from an old man who hasn't left the porch since Carter took office," the cyclist said. This meant that, since the cyclist followed their advice, he got lost in the desert and the water was very low. When he was thirsty, he put a stone in his mouth to keep him from thinking about water. Finally, cyclists learn to trust maps and signs rather than listening to real old people who haven't left their homes for years.
The desert environment is difficult to access without water or help. If the author would have been a demographic with fountains and shadows, he would have been fine. But he was in the desert, with no one around, hot and dry, no water, and no shade. "Tumbleweed crossed my path" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This determines his loneliness because there is no one to help him in the desert. If it weren't for the fish camp, this environment might have killed him. The setting has a great influence on the author.
The feature in the short story affects cyclists because there is no town around and there is now water. "There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle," the story says. That means cyclists are running out of water and need to get to town as quickly as possible. Cycling in the desert and going up and down hills makes it harder and hotter. The heart can lead to dehydration or heatstroke because it says, "I'm becoming more aware that I might fall with heatstroke" and the buildings a cyclist does see doesn't do him any good because they don't have water. Eventually he came to a fishing camp and found water in the bathroom sink. "I stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and took a swig of water from the sink," the story says. This is where the setup changed, as cyclists finally found cool water.
In "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed Published Speed Limits," the author faced obstacles on a trip to Yosemite National Park due to varying terrain. Following the advice of a group of old men, he went to his first stop. The old man said he would see a small town, but what he really saw was a run-down "ghost" town. Then he came to a fork where the water was almost out. He has been riding on flat roads when the terrain changes dramatically. It gets hilly and very inconsistent. The sudden change in terrain made him more tired, thirsty, and hotter. The cyclist then came to a large mountain and, with the last of his strength, rode down. He was exhausted. All the terrain changes not only change the cyclist's physical state, but also his mood and determination.
This setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. "That trip nass made the phrase a snake and it made him look like he was in the middle of knowing and wouldn't come across anything because the people on the pourch said it wouldn't be very far. The first town was also empty Yes, and seeing the town, he excitedly wanted to go, and when he got close, he realized that the town had been abandoned, so he had to keep going out, the empty town made him almost desperate. Go to the next town, Learn how the environment affects cyclists in this way.
The setting of the road affects cyclists in many different ways. With no towns on the road, he had trouble finding water, causing him to become dehydrated. "The old guy swears the next town is only eighteen miles from this road, I'll save the water and walk inward for an hour or so. The rolling hills make him use up more energy. Because no buildings are destroyed for miles. break, so ride short distances
The function of this setting affects cyclists in a number of ways. Some of the aspects that the cyclist is affected by is that the lack of water is the biggest problem he has. The old guys who showed him the way couldn't be of much help at all. These guys give cyclists directions they remember from their youth. The cyclist knew not to listen to the old man's instructions, but they seemed pretty sure what they were telling him. Cyclists first make up their minds to reach their destination. When he started getting hotter and more eager to give up. Just as he was about to give up his worries, thirst and fear were all behind him. He stumbled upon water.
Features in settings affect cyclists in many different ways. One way is that he gets stuck with just a little bit of water. “There are only a few enticing sips in the water bottle. (Kurmaskie). The cyclist also gets lost because the old man’s instructions let him know where, because the directions there are outdated.” Never accept that since Carter took office Travel advice from a bunch of old folks who haven't left the porch," (Kurmaskie @NUM1). He gave wrong directions and wasn't happy. So the cyclists went through it a few times.
Different functions of the settings affect cyclists. The background of the story set in the desert has a negative impact on the characters. "The desert land is the baron, and he has only a small source of water left. During his travels, he runs out of water, causing him to lose touch with reality. The extreme heat in the desert causes him to start hallucinating. The cyclist begins to see a family of The grape juice factory, which interrupted his trip. To his dismay, it turned out to be nothing more than a mirage. The long road also affected the trip. The length and roughness of the road exhausted the cyclists.
The peculiarities of the environment influence the cyclist because he thinks that after a good afternoon at a nice campsite, a shortcut to his next destination would be great. Instead of taking the original longer route to Yosemite, he figured the shortcut would be a great way to unwind. But his trip changed his mind. In the article, the narrator is talking about what the old man told him. "Old guys swear by the next town just 18 miles down the road," he said. "I can do it. I'll save water..." He did save water, but the town was old and had no water. He drinks. So throughout the article, the narrator doesn't drink water until he gets to a factory, drinks some water, and finds a new direction. The trip was nothing like what he had envisioned. This is even more frustrating.
Explain how the settings function affects the cyclist's response. Would be a setting that affects cyclists in the settings because one of the functions of the settings is based on something else. So that would be one reason why it was affected. Because they are the difference in the story.
You always choose your features because your thinking changes over time.
The characteristics of the environment can affect cyclists mentally, physically, positively and negatively. For example, the grape juice factory and bottling factory that used to be @CAPS1. A sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth can still be seen. "This affected the author's spirit and made him remember that he had no water. This in turn affected his body, becoming dehydrated over time. So overall, the setup function had a negative impact on the cyclist. Another example, "A crumbling shed, a couple of rusty pumps, and coral that a lame mule can't hold. The sight is disturbing. "This affected the cyclist and made him think he would never see civilization again. It also affected his body as the water tasted like 'battery acid' and pushed him deeper into dehydration. Traits negatively affect cyclists.Environmental traits and whether they affect cyclists, like the environment a person is in, and how it makes them who they are.
He is traveling by bicycle. He had to go down the mountain to deal with the fact that there was no water. That's basically what the settings are for.
When cycling, the features around you can affect cyclists. Some things that can affect cyclists are weather and scenery. Cyclists don't want to ride if it's cold and rainy. The perils of cycling in bad weather can make cyclists a second passenger: to ride or not to ride. If the weather is very hot, cyclists will dehydrate faster and even be more tired. Landscape can also affect cyclists. When a cyclist is riding and all he/she sees is a desert, then they may wonder where to go. If there are abandoned buildings everywhere, when cyclist @MONTH1 crosses a hill and starts thinking he will never get there, he gets scared and wants to return to the story of lost hope "Don't go over the speed limit" Yosemite . Many things can affect cyclists.
The function of this setting makes the cyclist energetic. The depletion of water was exacerbated by the June weather, in early summer, when cyclists "reached the first 'town'", which was deserted and filled with disgusting water. The author uses verbal sarcasm when calling it "the town" which isn't really a town anymore. The serpent takes on an air of danger, and another abandoned grape juice factory adds to the tone of desperation.
Many things in the environment can affect cyclists. The first thing that affects him is heat. The heat is actually what causes the conflict in the cyclist's need for water story. If there were no heat in the story, the cyclist would not need water and he would be able to continue riding without fear of dehydration. Another aspect of the environment that affects cyclists is the rolling hills. The hills also exhaust the cyclist, causing him to need more water. If those hills were gone, the cyclist would not tire as quickly, making his ride easier. The setup in this story greatly affects cyclists.
The settings feature in "Do not exceed the published speed limit" affects cyclists in many ways. After following the old man's advice, he started his journey. After the first town came out, the sun really started to set and it really affected cyclists. In the article it says "The sun is starting to get hot, but I barely notice it." He @MONTH1 hasn't noticed it yet, but then on the long winding road on the new flat terrain, he ran out of water, which in It's really dangerous in hot weather. The text says, "The speed limit is @NUM1. I'm doing a water-guzzling @NUM2." In this part of the story, it proves that the cyclist is out of water. In this case, you may encounter dangerous creatures. In the story, it says, "I've been working on it. At some point, tumbleweeds crossed my way, a ridiculous" article that proves to readers that this setup has snakes, "don't go faster than posted The characteristics of the "Limit" setting have a great impact on cyclists.
Terrain settings affect cyclists in a number of ways. His fast in the desert made him thirsty. No town can quench thirst. The hills he was going to climb just made him more tired than the heart-warming town. What these settings do to cyclists.
In @PERSON1's story "Don't go faster than posted," cyclists face issues caused by settings. The cyclist is riding, the heat is unbearable, the cyclist is really dehydrated and tired, and his water is running out. Because the weather is so hot, the cyclist has to drink more water to replace all the sweat he loses while cycling. The hills of the terrain make it more difficult for cyclists as he gives us more energy and fluids to keep going. If it was cool and breezy, he would have no problem walking that far. If the surroundings are overcrowded and there are no abandoned towns, he will have water to drink.
Everyone experiences physical and emotional pain, but most likely won't survive what the cyclists in this story experienced. The man started biking in Yosemite National Park, but when some old man told him a shortcut, his adventure was only because. First, the man told him he would come, and every "town" and "building" that would come, was completely eaten in the end. At first, it wasn't a big deal for cyclists. In the fourth paragraph, when he came to his first dessert town, he "smiled, checked [his] water town supplies, and moved." @CAPS1, as his journey progresses , his water dwindled. Then he despairs of a small town. On top of that, in the story he wrote, "the delicious road was replaced by short, rolling hills." "It made it harder for him to ride a bike, and then he was turned down. He finally found one that had A town of water, but learned from the advice of strangers and old people.
The function of this setting can have a big impact on cyclists. One man took a "shortcut" to Yosemite Park on the advice of an old man. Shortcuts only make him thirsty, no parks. "A sandblasted photo of a young boy pouring a glass of refreshing juice into his mouth can still be seen (Kurmaskie @NUM1)," the narrator said. "This feature may affect the cyclist, discouraging him. The cyclist came to the first "town" but again found no water and a picture of something that made him more thirsty. It might also make him even more angry with the old men for leading him on this pointless journey. @MONTH1 Another feature that affects cyclists is the absence of trees or shade. The only thing he could feel was the sun on his back. The narrator says, "Big circles of dry sweat surrounding my shirt." (Kurmaskie @NUM1). It also convinces cyclists that the elderly don't know what they're talking about.
In "Do not exceed posted speed limit", there are many features of settings that affect cyclists. The time of year affects cyclists because it's mid-June, @CAPS1 The area affects cyclists because mid-June in Arizona is very hot and try. If it was on @DATE1 or I was in a further northern state, it wouldn't be so bad and your world wouldn't have a hot dance dance. @CAPS1 It affected him when the terrain changed from flat to hilly because it made it harder for him to ride. These are some of the features that affect cyclists' settings in Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit.
In the rough raod ahead of Joe Kurmaskie, the character of the setup affected the cyclists. Because he was in the California desert in June, his water supply was cut off and he encountered a ghost town. Because of this, his hopes are getting slimmer. He discovers a water pump that produces a tar-like substance, and as a result the desert and lack of water make him wish he was dead, he decides to never take advice from strangers and trust his maps. This is how the feature affects the settings.
In the article, the characteristics of the "Rough Road A head Do Not Exceed Speed Limit" setting affect cyclists. First of all, he was riding @CAPS1 which means it was very dry. This means that cyclists are unable to rehydrate and are slowly becoming dehydrated. Also, cyclists ride their bikes in the heat. This meant he was sweating constantly, which also drained his body of water and played tricks in his mind. In the end, the hills made him expend more energy, further dehydrating him. The hills also cast a shadow over his spirit, which made him have to muster a lot of inner strength and determination to move on. This part of the setup affects him emotionally. Overall, the environment affects him both physically and emotionally.
The cyclist was initially alone on flat ground, following the directions the old man told him to go to Yosemite National Park at @LOCATION1. During his travels, he was dehydrated while biking in the hills and deserts, and with the sun shining on him in such hot June weather, he realized that without water he might have a stroke. His travels are desolate and lonely, and when he finally sees the real ghost town building, he regains his spirits and finds the determination to speed up. The cyclist was lucky enough to find a campsite that saved him from passing out in the desert, where he could rest, fetch water and continue his journey using his own map.
In the story "Don't go over the speed limit", a cyclist is trying to get to Yosemite following instructions given to him by some schmuck or eccentric old man. The old man said the cyclist looked as if he "hasn't been out of poacher range since Carter took office." Well, he took their advice and lost @NUM1 on his journey. While looking forward to "Yosemite's cool pines and swift rivers," he was crossing a barren desert. "No people in sight, no buildings, cars, or structures of any kind." A setup like this can really put a cultist down when thinking about Yosemite. That could cost him all hope of finding Yosemite at this pace. If you have a nice environment, it will make the trip worthwhile and your destination will be better.
This setting affects the performance of the cyclist and the mood of the cyclist. The cyclist has to go over rolling hills, which is likely to make him even more fine and thirsty as he has to work harder to get over them. "Crossing a long hill and a building comes into view." The long, big hill he had to go up made him even more thirsty, but probably more satisfying when it was all over. Ironically, the building is a grape juice factory. Abandoned and rusted, but the sigh of a boy drinking a refreshing glass of juice is still evident. This dashed his hopes. But move on. I've never had an experience like this in my life where I have to constantly push and urge myself to achieve a goal, but as I get closer to it, more distractions get in my way.
"Don't Go Over the Established Speed Limit," is a short story about a man biking across Yosemite who asks some elderly people for directions, and they take him down the "old" shortcut through rough terrain and extreme famine. The character of the scene affects the cyclist in a number of ways throughout the story, for example, when the cyclist comes to a desolate area, he says "no people in sight, no buildings, cars or anything of any kind" Structure". By this time, he was malnourished and in need of water, a craving that also sent him past an abandoned Welch grape juice factory where a young boy was advertised with a glass of fresh juice in his mouth. "The irony is that this should please all the sadists reading this, the building," he said, before detailing the building at a time when this mood and feeling was exhausted and the ads also To no avail. Not at all. The author's mood does change with the environment, getting worse before it gets better.
The young cyclist started the day with confidence looking forward to the day he rode in California, slowly but emotionally when he realized he was being misguided Change, he began to feel more desperate. When he started, he was carefree about everything. He wrote: "I checked, checked my water supply and moved on. The sun was starting to get hot and I barely noticed. The surroundings had little effect on him. Later, he realised his water was going down and he Tired, his mood turned exhausted and flawed. Here, he wrote: "I got back on the bike, but before I collected a few pebbles and stuffed them in my mouth, I'd be lucky. Hit a small rock. my throat. " He felt sarcastic or sad about the hopelessness of the journey. Ultimately, his relief from the icy water helped lift spirits and a sense of humor.
In this article, the characteristics of the environment affect cyclists. In the beginning, the environment was in an elderly home, and the cyclists were happy and confident. When he got to the ghost town and there was no water, he was frustrated and frustrated. When he saw the building, he revisited it, but was saddened to find it abandoned. When he finally got to the store, he was excited and excited. Here's how the setting affects cyclists on the go
Weather, location, willingness to keep going—all of these explain how environmental features affect cyclists. First, the weather affects cyclists because in hot weather you lose a lot of water and you sweat a lot, which makes riding difficult. Sunny, hot weather can affect his will to ride. I mean come on, when it's hot outside where the cyclist goes (like towns and rough roads), who wants to ride that affects him because it's pretty tough.
The story "Bumpy Ahead: Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit" tells the story of a cycling trip that went wrong. But it wouldn't be so scary if the story took place in a different place. Scenes play an important role in the story. The story begins on a summer night now, but the evil life is stripped away when the man rides his bike to the ghost town, and later when he arrives at "a crumbling shed, a few rusty pumps and a The lameest mule." Later we feared panic would set in as these terrains became hilly, with tumbleweeds and snakes crossing the trail. Like a cold west. In the end, all hope was dashed when he arrived at these grape juice factories and found "a sandblasted photo of a young boy," a scene that was a powerful tool that had a big impact on cyclists.
In the story "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit," by Joe Kurmaskie, the characteristics of the settings affect the cyclist's physical abilities. The traits that are affected are abilities, as the climate and hazardous environment are hot and unwieldy. These traits are hot and rough" since he was in the California desert in June. The passage that supports this is, "Tumbleweed crosses my path, A ridiculously large snake - it did look like a diamond back - blocked most of the pavement in front of me. I recovered myself, trying to keep my balance in the dehydrated state. Furthermore, the characteristics of the environment gave him determination. They gave him determination because every horizon he saw gave him hope. They gave him hope because he knew he had so much @NUM1 for Yosemite National Park. The passage to support this is when he descends, ". The distance I can see on the horizon, telling myself @CAPS1 can move it that far and I'll be fine." In the story, "The rough road ahead , do not exceed the posted speed limit, by Joe Kurmaskie, whose settings function affects the physical and mental abilities of cyclists
The functionality of this setting has a huge impact on cyclists. There was one place in the story where he ran out of water and he remembered those old guys swore that the next town was only 18 miles away. He was tired and dehydrated, but he thought he could go down this road. So he started, and after two miles the terrain changed and so did his perspective on the whole journey. "The flat roads are replaced by short, rolling hills. "Life is so cruel sometimes. " @CAPS1 hills cost him a lot, he's on the highway now. Before this terrain change, the rider was very aggressive and thought he could do it easily. "I can do it!" " But after the terrain change, he lost hope and had little success. "It didn't matter. I'm dying and the birds will pick me up. " Obviously when you read, when the terrain gets tough, it can have a huge negative impact on cyclists.
The characteristics of the settings affect cyclists in several ways. The road is nice and smooth, then turns into the hills. It was a hot day in June, and water was scarce on him. He peddles in the deserts of California. The last thing that affects him is not many places to stop and drink water.
In Joe Kurmaskie's article "The Rough Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Posted Speed Limit," a cyclist is trying to find his way to Yosemite National Park, but after getting directions from several older men There's a little trouble. One lesson cyclists have learned is to never listen to the shortcuts given to you by old men who are outdated and haven't left since Carter took office. When the cyclist ends up getting lost and nearly dying of thirst, he learns it the hard way. The scene takes place in a California desert or a desolate ghost town. The cyclist said on one of his trips, "...I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June." This feature affects the cyclist because the extremely dry heat on him can make him Dehydration. During his journey, cyclists also encounter hills. The scene featured exhausting the cyclist, leading him to believe he had no hope of coming out alive. Environmental features such as hills and deserts dehydrate people
The function of this setting affects cyclists. The more desperate the situation seemed, the more determined she was. Pg @NUM1 (I'm dying, the birds will pick me up). After he thought so, he climbed to the abandoned juice and dream factory. He said pg @NUM1 had troubles, thirst and tears behind me, suggesting that at some point, bilaver is telling us all about earthly obligations. These settings affect not only the cyclist, but the entire story around him.
The background of the story is very dry and wet, the terrain is flat and mountainous. The authors note a change in topography, "flat roads. Replaced by short, rolling hills" (Joe kurmaskie). In June, eating dessert outside like surronding without anything surrounding him is a terrible idea. The heat and lack of water will affect him as he may have a mirage or he @MONTH1 faints because of the heat and how much fluid he loses. The hills didn't help either.
The characteristics of the environment affected the cyclist as he rode through the desert in mid-June, but he had very little water. This affected him because he was thirsty, but he didn't have a lot of water to drink, and he was in the desert in mid-June and it was hot. Also in the story, it says he came to Welch's grape juice factory and on the side of the building he saw a picture of a "little boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth" which made the bike ride The man was more thirsty, but he continued to find water in the bait shop.
The cyclists in this article are trying to get to Yosemite National Park. He was so confident in his success that he didn't realize what was ahead. The first is the windy road. As he progressed, his confidence began to wane. The desert hit him like a boulder because he was short of water and needed rest. The extreme heat will only make everything worse. “Not Miley on this hot part of the ride, I noticed a change in the terrain. Flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills.” This shows that cyclists did not expect to encounter this type of terrain, and Get exhausted by it. One thing he will never do is give up. It was important because he went all the way, and just before Hagen, he found a place to fetch water and relax. "Then, it was as easy as running around, my troubles were thirsty and not behind me." It showed that he was strong and determined to survive, he finally found what he needed, it became happy, there was the will to survive. Everyone in life needs determination.
It made him sad, so he learned a lot from it and he knew it wasn't always easy. It's not a big problem, but sometimes small problems can become bigger, life is like riding a bike, you have any problems and sometimes you lose problems, but that's life.
The function of this setting greatly affects cyclists. He had to ride in tough conditions and got very tired. I believe the toughest feature of the setup is the heat. He told us, "I was crossing the high deserts of California in June." He was saying he needed to sip his water more than usual. Another tough feature of the setup was the hills he had to ride up and down. As he rode, he said, "The flat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills." I believe riding these hills in the heat of the California desert @DATE1 is a very daunting task for cyclists task. I believe the terrain influenced him a lot.
The features set in this story make it more difficult for cyclists. For example, a cyclist is traversing "...the high deserts of California..." (kurmaskie @NUM1). This indicates that the cyclist is at high altitude, which makes it more difficult to breathe. Cyclists then noticed "flat roads being replaced by short rolling hills" (Kurmaskie @NUM1 ). Hills can make travel more difficult. Cyclists describe one of them as "...long and serious hills..." (Kurmaskie @NUM1) as evidenced by this. Clearly, the increasingly difficult terrain has had a negative impact on cyclists.
In the story, the environment affects the cyclist in many ways. For example, roads are in poor condition. It went from a flat road to a short, undulating road. Rolling weeds cut across his path. He was short of water, and his water did taste like battery acid. In the story it said: "I relaxed and tried to keep my balance in a dehydrated state."
The function of this setting affects cyclists, such as if you have to go uphill or go down a long bumpy road. Then in the article it says "Buck Road Ahead: Don't Exceed the Published Speed Limit: @CAPS1 does make things harder than average. Especially the lack of water makes things worse.
The setup greatly affects cyclists trying to get to Yosemite National Park. First off, the cyclist said he was in Lodi, California on "a beautiful day in June." It's hot in California in June, so the cyclist will be affected by the weather because he could die from heat stroke. Also, he was in the middle of the desert, where he faced a tumbleweed that crossed his path, a potentially poisonous serpent. This makes him even more desperate, as he might get hurt by wild animals, or run out of water and have nowhere to go! As such, the setting mainly negatively affects cyclists.
The characteristics of the environment affect cyclists; the author says he is in the California desert. This means that the cyclist must conserve water so he can stay hydrated on the road. Also, there are a lot of mountains, as the author puts it, "over a broken mountain..." There are a lot of mountains to climb, cyclists will consume more energy, and if they are not careful, they will quickly become dehydrated. Finally, there are many abandoned towns miles apart. This again affected how the cyclist used his water, he thought there was a thriving town coming, so he drank his water thinking he would get more soon. However, when he got there, there was no water and he had to ride a few more miles to the next town with very little water. This setting has a big impact on cyclist behavior, especially without water.
The setting feature in "Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Published Speed Limit" greatly affects cyclists. Depending on what kind of new terrain or landmark he comes to, his resolve increases and decreases. For example, when he saw a building appear in front of him, he was very excited and used all his strength to go down the mountain to the building. Also, when he comes to the building next door and finds a bathroom that works, he drinks from the sink as his hope (not to die) is rekindled. The cyclist in the story experiences many different changes in his mood during his long trek in this story, depending on the circumstances.
The author ends the story with this, because gardens cannot grow on snow on the ground. So she figured that when all the snow had melted, she would try to plant another one. I don't think she is happy enough to plant another garden, I think she should be more interested in planting and then disappointed.
The narrator includes this in the paragraph because it all makes sense and it goes together. The narrator said that when it came, the hibiscus was sprouting because it was a colder spring
The author ends the story with this passage to show the importance of Saeng's inspiration from the hibiscus plant. Saeng finds comfort in the hibiscus plant throughout the story because it reminds her of home. Winter plant metaphor explained: @CAPS1's attitude towards her new country and her driving test; the winter hibiscus plant is not as beautiful in the harsh cold, but it adapted and survived and returned to its beautiful state in the spring. Saeng is distressed by her new country and driving test, but is adjusting and will try her test again, inspired by the beautiful state of the hibiscus flowers in spring. In conclusion, the author ends the story in this way to emphasize the importance of the relationship between Saeng and Hibiscus plants.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows change. The snow is melting represents the change from cold to warm. The return of the geese represents a new life, like returning to something half-new. It's like the author is going back to drivers ed. Hibiscus is budding to represent growth. The author will be older, more knowledgeable and more skilled than before.
The author ends the story with the passage "Winter Hibiscus" because it brings us back to what happened in the story. Saeng failed the test before. In spring, hibiscus will sprout again. Saeng realized that many of the things she thought were strange were now almost familiar to her. Xue Yan's cry was almost familiar to her. Melting snow would tell her that it was spring. Some things that may happen due to the arrival of spring may be that @PERSON1 will pass the test. Her mother would be proud of her. In addition, Saeng will begin to get used to her new country and her new environment, and will not dwell on her life in Vietnam.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is because the author wants to talk about when saeng will take the exam again. The author tells the time with the season of spring. In spring, all the snow has melted and the geese and hibiscus have sprouted. And this paragraph makes it easier for the reader to understand. That's why the author included this passage in the story.
At the end of the story, the author said: "When they come back, saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." The author uses this paragraph to end the story, because Saeng is upset about spending @NUM1 on plants she thinks are different from those at home. She said she won't be tested with purchases until the geese return and the hibiscus buds.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph because it helps to end the story. In this passage, she's basically saying that when the geese come back and my flowers start to sprout, I'll be ready for the exam. She'll be ready because she'll adapt enough, she'll go through enough things like plants and geese. She compares her life to that of a goose and that of a flower.
The author will end the story with that paragraph because she failed the test before and she wants to pass it. It makes you wonder if she'll get through it.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", it ends the story with a happy ending. In the story, the girl bought a hibiscus flower for her home. She went home and told her mother that she failed the test but bought the plant. When she planted it, she saw the geese and she thought of home. America is like home and she is happier. In the text, she said, "Many things that she thought were strange now became almost familiar to her." She was willing to try again, and would surely pass. America is starting to feel more like home now.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the story begins when Saeng fails her exam, goes out to buy a plant to comfort her, and confesses to her mother. The plant is linked to her memory of her hometown, and when she failed the test, she was very upset and saddened. She cried in pain and bought a plant to cheer her up. When she told her mom that she was in pain again, her mom made her favorite food and helped her grow plants. She knew that this was not like an old plant, but a thought and memory that she knew that she couldn't just give up, so when the time was right, she would try again. It's relevant because it helps the reader understand the story better and shows she's not going to give up. Her mother understands that when she goes to retake the exam, she will be ready. That's how it relates to the story.
I think he ends the story with a paragraph reason and then does things in the story and reports it so when the geese go away they come back and go away again so I think what it means for me to get tested again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because when everything starts to come back, she gets tested. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show the determination Saeng possesses. When Saeng came back to show her mother the hibiscus plant, she was very upset and had tears in her eyes. Her mother was initially disappointed with her purchase of the plant, but only understood when she realized that Saeng was upset. Saeng was a little comforted by her mother's offer to help Saeng plant hibiscus and helped her gain the determination she needed to recover. "She realizes almost reluctantly that many of the things she used to think were strange, after quiet season after season, are now almost familiar to her," the story says. Things can be the same as things in her new country. The author uses the word "familiar" to express that Saeng is starting to accept the fact that @MONTH1 something is different, but she will eventually get used to it, making her view of life more positive.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is because there are many words in this paragraph that are the main part of the story. For example, all the names and talk about seasons and comparisons and differences, it talks about different sprouts like when you get your alto, your nuggets and the heads of plants. Because hibiscus is some nice new form of @CAPS1.
He took this as a conclusion because it showed her confidence in the flower and how it would bring good luck for her upcoming test. She felt that familiar flowers were different from hers, that they could be associated with something.
I believe the author ends the story with Saeng because it shows when she thinks of home. I believe she thought she would pass the exam when the flowers bloom and remind her of home. For example, Saeng muttered, "Not like the ones we used to be." This suggested to me that she might be sick. When spring comes and the flowers bloom, it will give her the strength to pass the test. That's why I believe the author ends with this paragraph.
Arthur uses it because Saeng has regained his confidence from planting hibiscus and everything that happened that year. So now she's ready, and that's what Arthur wants readers to figure out.
The reason the author ends the story this way is because Sanger failed the exam and Fleur comforts her that she feels like a goose. For example, Saeng said "I failed the test". She admits to failing the test, feels uncomfortable about it, and wants to "take the test again." @CAPS1, Saeng said, "and that tangy sweetness - familiar too," describing Hibiscus. The familiarity with plants was comforting and gave her the courage to "take the test again." Finally, Saeng thought to herself, "The quiet repetition of seasons and seasons is almost familiar to her now. Like a geese." Saeng's feeling is very similar to a geese, which makes her decide when "the snow melts, Take the test when the goose returns". The author sums up the story forcefully, describing how Saeng failed the test, how Furong comforted her, and how she felt similar to a goose.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because she will think of her hometown and coming home. The reason I say this is that the goose is going home and she wants to go home. Hibiscus also sprouted in the wild like home
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph by teaching Saeng how to swear confidently and silently, to give her more lessons because she failed the test in the middle of the paragraph, Saeng tells her mother that when the spring snow is gone , she will retake the exam she failed. When she first found out that Saeng had failed the exam, her mother was very upset.
They might end it this way to create suspense and leave readers with a good message because someone @MONTH1 thinks things will get better and Saeng @MONTH1 gets her license. They @MONTH1 get more money.
In He Minfang's Winter Hibiscus, the protagonist saeng encounters many obstacles as he tries to adjust to a new country so different from his hometown. The author chose to "wait for them to come back, and secretly swear to myself that when spring, the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." @CAPS1 The author intends to end the story this way to ensure that saeng finds new hope, symbolized by the hibiscus flower. Now, with the budding of new hope, the flower also carries a sentimental value, about her home. Sometimes the best way to overcome obstacles is to embrace them, as she did in the conservatory, leaving room for a fresh start.
The author ends the story with this paragraph just because you failed once and you shouldn't give up. From what was expressed in that passage, I implied that Saeng would be stronger and able to pass the test in the spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because there are laws in everything, and there are things that must be done in order to survive. Geese fly @CAPS1 in the warmer months so they don't die from the cold. Flowers die in winter and come back to life in spring. This has something to do with Saeng, because when Goose and Flower come back, she will be tested in her new country to try and adapt, which is why the writer chose this to end the story.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus," the author ends with the last assigned paragraph, "When they come back...then I'll take the test again." Because it leaves many unanswered questions that readers may have. Readers may then want to read her next work. Basically, the last paragraph grabs the reader's attention. Many unanswered questions revolve around "I didn't pass the exam.". Nor do we know about "Her Gentle Grandmother," "Mrs. Lambert," and "Home." Another reason an author might end a story with this paragraph is for the reader. Readers can only assume and imagine what is about to happen. Will she pass the exam? Will she go home? What will happen? We only know, "I will test again when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts." It is likely that the author ends the story with a paragraph to bring dramatic effect to the reader. That's why, I believe the author of "Winter Hibiscus" ended with a designated paragraph.
I think she ends the story this way because it means she's used to all the seasons. "In spring, the snow melts, the geese come back, and this red bean sprouts, so I will take the test again." Once it is no longer cold, she will take the test, so she will wait until the geese come again, which will be spring. I think she also wanted to say that when the snow melted and the geese came again, she took the exam and passed. That's why I think she ended up like this because of what they meant to her.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows how everything changes and adapts to change. Saeng decided that with this change, she could also adjust to her new life by returning and passing her driving test. Hibiscus also represents how something from her homeland came to America and must now survive. When it starts to bud, Saeng will start adjusting to America by passing her driving test. It's all about adapting to change. When Saeng feels bad about failure, that's why something from her past is a comfort to her.
Ending the story with the idea of a spring retake, the writer gives a sense of a fresh start and perseverance. For example, when the author said "when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts", she expresses the idea of returning home in the spring to start a new life, and the hibiscus begins to sprout again. .that 's why spring is when saeng wants to start over and retake the exam. The paragraph also shows that saeng, like hibiscus, is patient. Hibiscus persevered by surviving the winter and blooming again, and saeng persevered by retaking the exam. The author ends this paragraph to show that saeng will not give up.
The author ends the story with that particular paragraph because Saeng felt most comfortable taking the test again when what she explained happened. Saeng misses where she came from so much. She assured herself that if that happened, she would take the test again. Saeng says it makes you wonder why she's not taking the exam, the snow is melting, the geese are back, and the hibiscus is sprouting. When this happens, she feels very comfortable.
The last paragraph explains her next goal. She had to take the test, but failed. Bought this plant for over nineteen dollars. It reminded her of her hometown. She will feel confident in the spring because the plants will grow into their new home, so will she.
The author ends the story with his par paragraph because. She will be taking the exam in the spring and she will do her best. "I didn't pass the test," Saeng said. Failed to pass test. it does not mean. This is not the end of it all. Next time she takes a test, she will be more confident.
The author ends the "Winter Hibiscus" story with this passage for several related reasons. By ending the story, this way shows Saeng's growth, and more hard work and willingness to be the best. When she said she was going to take the test again, it showed she had gained confidence and she was starting to find comfort in a place that was not her home country. She is now working hard and trying to be the best she can be in order to be successful. She is making the most of the given situation. The authors try to give the study more depth and meaning in this way. Saeng went from being nervous and worried when he said "I didn't pass the exam" to now setting a goal for himself to take it again next year when the buds bloom. Basically, the writer does a complete loop to end the story that way. From talking about the exam, to sharing the experience of flowers with my mother, and then taking the exam next year.
The author ends this paragraph because. This shows that despite her grief and discomfort, Saeng is able to maintain hope. In the story, Saeng sees a hibiscus flower, which makes her miss her native Vietnam so much. Readers also thought she failed the test and felt like a good fit. However, hibiscus symbolizes hope and comfort. The author chose to end with that paragraph because, despite Saeng's hardships, Fleur helped her realize that she could overcome obstacles and be hopeful for the future.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because when saeng and her mother returned to their home there, the flowers there were more beautiful than the ones living now. She wants to plant flowers that remind her of her home. In the story, the saeng mum says its flowers aren't as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the colder months of the winter.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because the writer wants to show that just because saeng failed the test doesn't mean she gave up. She said that when the snow melted and the geese returned, the hibiscus flower began to sprout, and she would pick it up again. What the author means is that now she's failing, but over time she can learn and learn more to be ready to embrace it again. By the time she was ready to take the exam, the snow was gone, it should be hot every time, the birds were back, and the flowers were growing well. She will accept it. How the author ends it lets us know she will take it, but how he uses the words lets us know she will not only take it but pass it.
The author ends the story with this, because the hibiscus is starting to sprout and she is happy now. So she said that when the goose came back and the snow melted, she would start all over again.
The reason the author of the story "Winter Hibiscus" ended it her way was to let us know that we can never give up. She failed her driving test the first time, and I'm less than a year away from taking the test myself, and no matter how many times I fail, I'm not going to give up. We need to save through every problem we encounter in life. If we don't and we just give up, we'll never be able to accomplish anything in life. She swore in the spring that when the hibiscus sprouted, she would take the exam again. I hope I pass my driving test the first time, just like I did for my study permit test. Also, you can't give up anything, not even a small thing like a job, if you stop working, you'll lose your job. never give up.
The author added this sentence to the story to show how much Saeng cares about snow and plants. She said she preferred gardening to schoolwork. She likes to grow new things.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that saeng is starting to look forward to her new place. Throughout the story, it talks about how she feels out of place like "Winter Hibiscus." Then later in the story, she says, "A lot of things that she thought were strange before, after season after season, are now almost familiar to her." What this means is that she thinks strange now Most things she's getting used to now, which means getting used to. Therefore, the reason why she said the last paragraph is to explain that when everything changes back to spring, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, "then she will have to accept that test again" . Because it shows how she will fit in as well as Fleur.
The author ends this paragraph, giving the reader hope for the future. Although the narrator buys the plant sadly, it remains a symbol of hope after she fails her driving test and misses her home. She means that when the flowers bloom and her hope is there, she will try again, maybe this time it will work. Now she @MONTH1 is sad and scared but she knows everything will be ok and she will be fine. She's finally adjusting to her new life, saying that "a lot of things she used to think were strange are now almost familiar to her." What she means is that even though she misses her hometown so much, she's slowly getting used to it Her new home, her new life. Maybe in spring, she'll be happy and comfortable here, comfortable enough to take her driving test again. Hibiscus represents yearning for the past and hope for the future.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that saeng is most comfortable when she is surrounded by things from her hometown. She thinks that when she sees the duck again, when the hibiscus starts to sprout, she will be ready to take the exam. The narrator says, "A saebya tall ledges that surround their garden..." @CAPS2 is evidence that Saeng grows hibiscus in Vietnam, and the story of the well reminds her of it. The narrator also says, ''Overhead, a flock of @CAPS1 geese, their faint looking clear, is now familiar to Saeng,'' @CAPS2 proves that the geese also symbolize the @CAPS3 home.
I believe the author ends this sentence for various reasons. One is to show that the character will not give up, that her failure is not her end. This shows that sorting is like never-give-up morale. It feels like the character meaningfully refers to Fleur. "Hibiscus will sprout," which means she herself will branch out and learn more. By spring, she had learned enough and had enough experience to pass the exam again. Hibiscus also reminded her of her home. When she sees it, she muster the courage to overcome and face the challenge, just like her exam. The closing quote also ends the story. It also shows the character's will to not give up and try forever.
The author uses this epilogue to tie the whole story together. She touched on the three themes of driving tests, geese and hibiscus plants found in the story. When she says "When the snow melts, the geese come back", she is referring to the geese mentioned when she says "She looked up and saw their distinctive V etched into the evening sky". She goes through changes like a goose every winter. She realised that "a lot of things she used to think were strange have now become... familiar to her". We all have to go through change, Saeng just has a bigger change.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the author wrote the same thing as this paragraph, he wrote in his story, but added more details and questions and things.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to express how Saeng respects her and how she misses her hometown. The first example is "Saeng swears silently to herself", which shows her respect and longing for her motherland. It tells her to try again her past failures. As a final example, she wanted to overcome past failures. The last line of the paragraph says "then I will take the test again". It said she wanted another. opportunity in her life. These are examples of how the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with this sentence, making them grow old together as if they were starting all over again. So the past doesn't bother them anymore. Saeng sounded a little relieved after serving her mother a plate. I'm sure she feels better because at the end of the paragraph, she sounds confident. She sounded sure, she sounded like she was going to start all over because she said "when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus starts to sprout, then I'll take the test again." To me, she sounded like a whole new person. Who has forgotten the past.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the plant was noticed when she came home after passing her driving test. So she said when everything was fine. She will take the test again. The driving test isn't important to her, but she's not going to pass it, so she wants to take it again when the plants she's bought are sprouting and in top shape.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows how much Saeng has grown from this experience and how determined she is. The final paragraph comes after a rather sad story with a sudden happy ending, but lets the reader know that the mom character has enough confidence to try again. The whole story is filled with sadness about Saeng's family having to move to a new country to start over. However, as one thing they escape, it is their gardening. In Vietnam, they seem to have a nice garden and really enjoy being with it. Now that they are at @LOCATION2, their garden and the plants in it remind them of that home, and their past lives. Despite being saddened by failing to pass her driving test, Saeng finds a plant that makes her happy and seems to cheer her up on how to pass the test. The last paragraph nails the deal because it shows her confidence in herself again because of the happy memories she's thinking about.
The author uses the last paragraph because hibiscus is a symbol of rawness. This shows that she will be ready when spring comes. When the plants are ready to sprout, she will feel confident taking the test. She may want to take care of the plant before she takes the exam. When the plant is broken, the saeng doesn't have to take care of it anymore.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng said that when the good times come back, she will try the test again because she failed. For example, at the top of the @NUM1 page she "Failed II" which is why I think the author ends the story because it's important that Saeng passes the test at a good time in the spring.
"Winter Hibiscus" is about saeng, a girl who moved to @ORGANIZATION1 from Vietnam. After failing her driver's license test. She walked home and found a hibiscus. "She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The familiar scent filled her lungs, and Saeng could almost feel the soft strands of her grandmother's long gray hair..." She went to the flower shop to see if she could buy it. She paid a lot for the plant because it was rare and precious. This is special to her because she used to grow hibiscus plants in Vietnam. She brought the plant home and told her mother it reminded her of Vietnam. Mom said it also reminded her of Vietnam. Mom is not happy with how much saeng paid. She planted it in her garden. " When the hibiscus fell to the ground, a flock of geese flew over. In spring, all the flowers began to sprout and bloom. Everything is new again. Saeng will have a new chance to pass her test.
I think it's included because she likens her slef to a flower. When she grows like a flower again, she will go and prove that she has passed that test. She said there will always be a second chance. She wanted to tell everyone whether it was a miss or a mistake. For example," they said she had a lot of weird ideas to spice up the seasons.
The author ends the story this way because she wants everyone to know how she feels about Fleur. She thought hibiscus was a wonderful plant. She describes it as "smooth and cool at the end of the first page. When she first brought the plant back to Vietnam, she thought it was just savage. Then when she saw it in the US, she Surprised it's growing in a pot. For example, she describes the scent of hibiscus as "sweet." @CAPS1, that's why she ends the story this way; because of the plant feel.
The author ends the story with this sentence as it shows Saeng's passion for gardening. The test she was willing to take was to see if her plant could come in spring and when the hibiscus started to sprout, she would try to grow it, showing Saeng's desire for gardening and trying to get the hibiscus to grow during the spring.
The author ends the story by saying that Saeng will be tested when everything is back to normal and beautiful. She did this to show that Saeng is a spring person and that she loves working in the garden in spring. It also means that Saeng feels he is doing better at school in the spring. The author ends the story with this meaning that Saeng will take the exam when everything is back to normal and beautiful. She did this to show that Saeng is a spring person and that she loves working in the garden in spring. It also means that Saeng feels she is doing better in the spring school.
Change and disappointment are enough to overcome. Some people are terrified of change. For Saeng, the protagonist in "Winter Hibiscus," the change came in the form of a move to @LOCATION1. Everything around her is different and new. Combined with the disappointment of failing a driver's license test, she was overwhelmed by the feeling of helplessness in life. After buying a winter hibiscus, she vowed to try again when it bloomed in spring. Winter Flower's resilience and the memories it represents inspired Mori to try again.
I think the author wanted to express how Saeng felt when he swore, to express his feelings. When making the statement, I thought it was also to interest the reader, but mostly to help with understanding.
For shadows, future references, persistent behavior - all these are the reasons for the last paragraph. Well, they're for the shadow because they tell you something she said she would do in the future. She tells you what she plans to do in the future, so she refers to what she plans to do in the future, and she keeps her previous behavior, so she says she's going to do some more things next year, and that's why I say continued behavior. She said, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring, and when the show melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus is finished, then I will take the test again." So for the shadow, the future, the reference, the continuous behavior is me There are good good reasons to think what she said, and these three things best describe what she said and what she said that snow is going to do next year.
I believe that the author ends the story in this way to express a sense of continuation of life. In the story, Saeng takes the "test" and fails. She went out and bought a hibiscus plant for far more than she should have paid for it. Her test is trying to forget the memory of her real "home", and now Saeng only cries when she thinks of it. For Saeng, the plant represents a memory and a life she once had, but no longer has, but does want it. Her vow to herself is that when the geese fly back over her head, she will go back to the greenhouse that reminds her of home, and try to say "home" again without breaking down and owning something very expensive.
In @CAPS1 Ho's "Winter Hibiscus", the narrator never explicitly points out Saeng's failed test. However, through the subject and word choices, it is clear that this test is not only important for Saeng and her mother, but also for her new life at @LOCATION1. Throughout the story, saeng's longing for his homeland is outdated. When she bought hibiscus, the flood of memories that came to her mind was obviously painful and part of her everyday life. Saeng is trying to keep her memory of Vietnam alive while knowing she has to learn the customs and lifestyle of @CAPS2. Some things she doesn't need to change, like passing exams. Saeng realized that she could use these memories to keep her spirit alive, and she could use them as motivation. That's why the last sentence of the story is so powerful, as she learned to use memory and change with @NUM1 things together, "When [] this hibiscus sprouts, I'll take that test again"
The author chose to end the story with that paragraph to show that the girl has adjusted to her new country. Saeng misses her home. It was hard for her to say her country's home without crying. "It's not like the wind we're in -at-." She also spent @MONEY1 on the plant because it reminded her of coming home. She may adapt as she is familiar with the changing seasons and stating when the geese return she will take the test again.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it makes Saeng feel more at home. For example, it says: "The snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will test it again." I think the author said this because everything in that sentence reminded her of home. For example, the goose plant is something in her house, so once the winter is over she will feel better and go to take the exam.
The reason why the author ends with Saeng, and swears by iS, is because she is very involved. She failed the first time but she knew she really wanted to get through it so she waited until the snow melted and the @CAPS1 goose is back and this hibiscus is a buddin @CAPS2 she will be back
I think the writer ended the story this way because of who left the whole story in winter. She might want to try it in a different season to see if she can adapt better. That's why I think the author ends the story this way.
I think the reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is as follows. Saeng means she will take the exam in the spring. I say this because she said that when the snow melts and the geese return means she will take the exam again next spring. She said it with confidence as she started adding more. For example, she added that "hibiscus is sprouting." Saeng is determined to pass what she calls the test. That's why it's the last paragraph and what she means.
The author ends the story in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is budding, I'll take that test again, because she says there will be a new year. For example, if he fails the first time, she will wait until she tries again. Another example, she just wanted to try until she got her driver's license.
In this story, Saeng shows her mother her passion for planting and her passion for plants. The author included this passage in the story in order to show how the character Saeng feels about her planting. One reason this shows her enthusiasm for planting is because it says "I'll try this test again" which means if she's doing what she loves, she'll try again and again until she's completely satisfied .
The author concludes in this paragraph. I think he draws conclusions in these because it shows a lot of confidence in her. For example, when she said, "Then I'll take the test again". It sounds so confident that if she or he fails the first time, she might want to try it.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that she has not given up on her dream.
Hope, new beginnings, adjustments—all these are the reasons why the speaker concluded, "When they come back, in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." The hibiscus flower gave the girl hope because it reminded her of her grandmother and hometown, how beautiful things were there, and as the flower bloomed, she realized that it could wear out there too. She will also have a new beginning in spring, and when spring comes, she should adjust to her surroundings, have new friends, new things to do, and new memories to look back on, and looking back will not be as bad as flowers through her adjustment Give her hope and comfort.
The author is saying that she didn't do anything, which shows that it's a good day outside. She also wished it wasn't so cold, but not so cold either because she could come out and play with the kids. She then said she was going to take the test again to give her a good day outside.
The author ends the story with this conclusion to show that @PERSON1 is very keen to connect her life in the US with her life in Vietnam and somehow bring them together. In the story, @PERSON1 talks about how homesick she is and how she is still struggling to adjust to her familiar new life away from home, when saeng says she failed the exam and wants to take it again, she means she wants to Show that she can survive in America without disappointing her mother. When saeng spends @MONEY1 on plants, her mom can't believe it because Saeng knows how hard it is to survive. When the conclusion says "I will take the test again", it shows that Saeng is willing to try to come to the United States from Vietnam, to prove that she can make a better life for herself and her family through hard work. While still maintaining Vietnamese traditions. Saeng just wanted to make her new home feel like Vietnam by purchasing a plant she knew her mother would love.
The author may have ended the story because it was like a downfall. That means it's like now he's at the bottom and has to get to the top. He will start over and take the test again, but this time he will not fail.
The author ends her paragraph just like this for the sake of emotion. The last paragraph was touching, she knew she couldn't do gardening in the winter. During winter, all of her plants die due to the season. ' The writer just said that saeng is back. After the snow, frost and cold weather, Saeng will arrive next season so she can continue her gardening, plant and soil work. As said "I will take the test again" saeng. Meaning the next/next season, when she starts growing again, saeng will come back and be put to the test with her gardening and her mother.
I think which paragraph the writer summed up as his end because that's what this girl is going to do for the next year, which will pass and still help her in the garden with her mother. Let her mom in without friends
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show how Saeng was discovered from the hibiscus plant. Like the plant Saeng to overcome obstacles. She will try the driving test again and the factory will overcome. Harsh, brutal winter. This plant will bloom in spring and will show its restraint in the face of adversity. Saeng will also overcome the adversity she faced when she failed her driving test and realize how much she misses her home country. Saeng too, in a sense will bloom in spring. Winter, representing her contempt and homesickness, will not allow her to live a happy life and be tested. Fleur reminded her. The story ends with a paragraph showing how Winter Hibiscus taught her to overcome obstacles.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that saeng will accept her new home and rediscover the similarities from her old home and close memory to help her overcome the obstacles she faces in life. "I've seen this blooming by the lake. The flowers aren't quite as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, the hibiscus this winter. That's what counts." That makes There are similarities between their old home and their new home. This shows that things have indeed changed, but they are also the same. This leads to the conclusion as this is what Saeng thinks she will always have the memories of her old home and will use them to help her overcome the trouble she is going through.
The author ends the story her way, showing the similarities between Saeng and the hibiscus plant, and how Saeng will overcome her obstacles when the plant overcomes them. Saeng's hurdle is adjusting to her new life, and the first step is passing her driver's license test. Readers know she has to pass because Saeng told her mother, "I didn't pass @NUM1]. Hibiscus has to survive the winter and it has to adapt to its new environment to survive, just like Saeng. The mother said to Saeng, "… But it's strong enough to get it through the colder months, hibiscus this winter. That's important" [@NUM2]. So if the job of the hibiscus, or the hurdles it has to cross, for it to do, stay alive during the winter months, then its job will be done in the spring. The author ends the story with Saeng admonishing himself, "...in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again" [@NUM2]. If Saeng's hurdle is being completed, and passing passed the driving test, and she passed in the spring, just as Hibiscus passed its "test", the symbolism between the two, showing the spirit of determination to accept, will go deeper, because that will accept and pass them at the same time obstacles.
I think the story comes back here because that's where it started. It all started when Saeng was going to take the exam, but she didn't pass it. So when the weather improves, she will have a while to try to pass that test. That's how I think she came back to test.
The author ends the story this way because she wants to keep the reader in suspense: wanting more. You can tell because it never really says what the test is. She wants you to try and guess what the test is. When Saeng approached her mother, she told her she had failed the exam.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, leaving the next story out of sight. I think there will be another story because there are clues to support my theory. Right at the beginning of the paragraph, right when they come back. Then stop at the end" and then I'll take the exam again. I'm not going to be happy about anything like the personal changes just mentioned. So I think the writer will write another story so we can see if Saeng will pass her test.
The author ends with this paragraph because it is an example of how everything starts anew in the spring. For example, the geese come home after winter to start a new family, the hibiscus leaves die in winter, and a new beginning begins in spring, I think the author uses this paragraph at the end because it is a metaphor for how everything will start over, Saeng will also get New opportunities to take driving tests, just as plants and geese will get new opportunities in life.
The author ends the story with this quote, because the return of these geese symbolizes Saeng's determination to pass her driving test. She will wait for winter to pass so she can pass the exam. The arrival of spring also symbolizes renewal and birth. Saeng will have the opportunity to pass the driving test again with new conviction and encouragement. It's a great way to end the story because it's so profound and makes the reader think about the meaning of the scene and how the geese, hibiscus plants, and the arrival of spring affect the story's ending.
I think the author ends the story with that ParagraPh saying he'll @CAPS1 uP in spring when the snow melts and the geese come back. In addition, I think the author likes the setting of spring, and also saw a goose floating in @CAPS2 on a sunny day. I also like the setting because it gives me more ideas and the setting is so cute. That's why I think the author chose that ParagraPh to end the story.
Short story "Winter Hibiscus" about a girl who moves to @LOCATION1 with her mother. The story is about girls transitioning to a different culture. In the story, the author mentions that the daughter has to pass the exam. At the end of the story, the author writes: "In spring...then I will take that test again." In the text, the girl says "it's not true" when referring to the winter hibiscus plant she bought. The reader can infer that the phrase means that the girl has memories of home, but they are not real. The author also wrote "...like it more than the Big Mac". This quote shows she misses her own culture and can't fit into the @CAPS1 where she lives now. All in all, the girls test @MONTH1 is what she needs to be able to cope with change and also to be able to reminisce about her hometown with happiness rather than sadness.
The author ends the story like this because he wants to tell readers "if you try, you might like it," which is why the girl says she'll be back next spring when the snow melts so she can take the test again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it puts everything together. One way to tie everything together is to relate what happened in the first place to why she bought the flower in the first place. It also connects Saeng's old memories in Vietnam with her new way of life in America. The story says "Saeng got it right and smiled. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The familiar procedure filled her lungs." This is the flower she found in the flower shop , Gave her memories from Vietnam. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it tells/shows us that Saeng will be trying to pass the exam in the spring. Getting that hibiscus reminded her of her hometown and gave her memories of that time. And it made her feel confident in herself and want to go there and try again. If it fills her with hope. The author's test in "When the snow melts and the hibiscus sprouts," to help show that it will be spring when she tries the test again.
The author ends the story with this sentence because he thinks it's a happy thing after all this happens that it's like she didn't pass the test he wanted to end being remembered. Also wanted to show how something bad happened at the end, but then she's going to do it again. The author wants to show that she will not give up, she will go after what she wants. He wanted this to be the last paragraph.
The authors end the story the way they do to show that this girl will not give up trying to pass her exams and will adjust to her new home and make it her home in Vietnam for her. The girl recalls her past life and hopes to return to her hometown to live her life in her home country. when she was
The author chooses to end the story with this paragraph because it is committed to the entire preceding reading. In the story, Saeng (the girl) is stressed by failing the @CAPS1 test. She is also saddened by the memory of the hibiscus plant in her native Vietnam. At the end of the story it says "Wait until the snowmelt geese return, this hibiscus germinates, I will take the test again", (He) Xuemelong, the geese return, the hibiscus germinate symbolizes change and Saeng needs to change and adapt to a new life in order to pass the test and feel better . That's why @CAPS2 Ho, the author of the "Winter Hibiscus" story, ends her story with a strong, symbolic and decisive conclusion.
After Saeng failed her driver's license test, she gave up hope for the future. The sight of the hibiscus plant reminded her not to give up, no matter how difficult the situation. In the story, Saeng's mother says: "Its flowers aren't as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, the hibiscus this winter. That's what counts." This quote suggests , even if it's not a beautiful object, it does what it can to survive. Saeng felt like Hibiscus, too, with the strength to survive in a new environment. Although she is new to the country, Saeng has proven that no matter the situation, anything can be overcome if you believe in yourself and your family.
The author probably uses this sentence as the last paragraph, indicating that she will make persistent efforts this time next year. The author wrote this paragraph to show that she failed the test when the geese were wintering and the hibiscus was in bloom.
The author ends; the story he/she does because it shows the true meaning of plants. S'aeng will wait until the flower blooms because it means a lot to her. The flower represents her and her driving test. When the hibiscus is ready to bloom, she will be ready to drive. This plant gave her hope for a new tomorrow, a new opportunity. The last paragraph helps readers understand what plants mean to girls and what they mean. It made her feel at home, her home felt unfamiliar to her; it made her feel joy and happiness in the pain of failing the road test.
She ends this paragraph with this because she wants @DATE1 to appear again. She said "when the snow melts". She wanted to see these events again. and take care of them.
In this short story, Saeng vows to take the exam again in the spring, knowing she will be able to pass the exam once she accepts her life in this new place. After Saeng moved, she was very sad and missed her home, family and way of life. This kept her from focusing on testing. However, when she discovered that the flowers in her new home were also beautiful, she began to embrace the changes. Her familiar goose symbolizes that she is adjusting to a new way of life. Saeng probably swore this too, because she didn't want her mother to disappoint her again. After seeing her mother's disappointment and love, Saeng is determined to pass the test. When Saeng takes the exam again in the spring, she is ready because she has settled in and accepted her new life.
The author ends their story with this quote as her family moved from Vietnam to the United States. Saeng is walking home because she failed her driver's test. She saw the FamiliaR plant. Later, she went to the flower shop to see if she could buy the plant. So she got plant seeds and planted them so that when they started blooming, she would take her driving test, but she failed. I @CAPS1 she used the For good luck that's why I @CAPS1 the author concluded that paragraph in the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng can overcome obstacles and that the next time she has these reminders, she will succeed. When she says "almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she used to think strange are now...almost a farmer to her," it means she's used to the challenges of her new life. So the last paragraph reflects those ideas.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with this paragraph for several reasons. One of the reasons is that she is struggling with change and wants to make things better. She tried to do this by taking the exam again. The author also ends this paragraph because she feels heartbroken that life is not going her way and that she needs to do something about it. That's why the writer ends the story with this paragraph to show you if she's made up her mind. Will she stick with it.
I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph because she's going to see if she can adjust to the new country. It's a great way to end the story because you don't know if she wants to; it leaves you on the cliff. I also think it's a good way to get out of it because he can write a similar thing to it and make a series out of it.
The authors end this with the story because snow is beautiful and geese are the animals that make it beautiful, so they want you to think our outdoors is a wonderful thing.
The author He Minfang ended the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with those words, allowing Saeng to start over...''In spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus is sprouting... It is closely related to her life, it is she who is starting over . Even though she @MONTH1 misses her old life, her grandmother, that well and a fine-toothed comb, she's still working on it and "taking the test again..." By passing the retail exam, she's showing she's not ready to give up ''@CAPS1 of loss.'' and her grief.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he knows that all these things that happened could happen again. Like the geese he said, geese come back every year, so he will definitely say that they will come back from now on. This is my idea.
I think the author came to this conclusion because it means that when Saeng is ready, she will take the exam again. I think she is comparing herself to snow, snow to goose, and hibiscus. I thought so, because she said that when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus flowers sprout, she will take the test again. So I think she's saying she's not ready to take the test, and when she's ready, she'll take the test.
The author's conclusion to the story shows how Saeng interprets the experience that day. She uses the spring setting to show when her faith in herself is reborn. Seeing her hibiscus buds in the spring will make her try her driving test again with her newfound integrity.
Hope, positivity, and helpfulness are all reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph. First, the last paragraph gives the reader a sense of hope for Saeng. I think she has hope because she is willing to take the test again. As she is taking the exam again, she wants to help her mother. Secondly, the last paragraph gives me the feeling that Saeng's attitude is positive. She bought a flower to replace the dead one and said she would retake the exam in the spring. Third, Saeng is very helpful to her mother. Saeng finishes digging the hole for Xinhua for her mother so her mother can cook. Saeng also saw how her mother felt when she found out that Saeng failed the exam. So she is retaking the exam. Saeng feels about the same as any other new kid might feel. She was terrified, but through everything Saeng hoped for, a positive attitude, she was helpful.
For her, Hibiscus was a test. Saeng feels she has failed the test of letting go of the past and embracing the "present." Hibiscus reminds her of home so she spends over @MONEY1 knowing she and her mother need money. Essentially, she felt as if she had failed the exam.
I think the author ends the story with that paragraph because they want you to understand the power of Saeng. I think one of the reasons they also end the story that way is because she knows deep down that she's going to be strong when her plants are strong and not covered in snow, so she won't be taking the driving test at that point. For example, she said: "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouted, then I will take the test again. That's why the author ends the story with that paragraph.
In Hu Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus," the protagonist Sang and her mother moved from their hometown to a new place, and everything was different. It was difficult for her to adjust to the new place, and Saeng failed an important exam. She was so frustrated by this that she tried to remind herself to be at home. She bought winter hibiscus to remind her family, but when she planted it, she made up her mind to test for when the hibiscus would sprout. The author concludes that Saeng has the hope and determination to adjust to his new home.
The author ends the story with this paragraph as it adds an uplifting message that Saeng will be able to overcome the obstacles of living in an unfamiliar country. First; @CAPS1 The geese represent part of her new home as she "reluctantly" thinks they are familiar to her now, which paints a picture of her ability to adapt to her new environment. Furthermore, she equates spring with the budding of the habiscus, her own symbol, as both try to live in a country that is not their own. So habiscus sprout means she can live comfortably in @LOCATION1. In the end, she vowed that she would take the driving test again. Her initial failure to pass the test showed she couldn't be a part of @LOCATION1, but if she passed. Then she has successfully adapted. In general, the writer of the story ends with this passage because it contains the theme through passages of uplifting information.
In He Minfeng's story "Winter Hibiscus", the ending includes the budding of Hibiscus and the re-examination, linking the two. The geese are also included at the end to show the new country she's adjusting to, as she recognizes when geese come and go. The budding hibiscus is more than just a flower to her. It shows the revival of new life within her, just as spring flowers tend to sprout. This is also the reason why she chose to take the exam, because her "bud" will appear in the spring, and she will have freshman confidence for the upcoming exam. That's why Goose, Hibiscus and Test are included at the end of the story to show the connection between her past home and adapting to a new way of life.
When the geese and flowers come back, she will try gardening again. She wants to have the best garden around. She wants to keep tradition.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph. Saeng doesn't think winter hibiscus is in the field now, when she came back, all her plants were covered with snow, so she said she would take that test again, which meant she would start going back to her plants First steps and flowers.
The author concludes: "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again, because Saeng doesn't want to give up." In In the story, Saeng murmurs, "I mean, it's not like that in-" She finds she's still too shivering at home to speak. “Saeng is still upset about missing her home in Vietnam. She feels more energized when Saeng puts the hibiscus on the ground, Saeng wants to feel at home in America. Saeng will not give up driving, but will work harder pass the exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because it's in line with what she thinks when her welcome warms Saeng "cheep skip over live to you're back she's happy to see" @CAPS1 it took you so long? Is it gone now? Do you? she feels so jumping over it with
"When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The story of "Winter Hibiscus" ends with this paragraph, because This will be a fresh start for Saeng. It was almost dawn, and the geese would return to her current home, where the hibiscus flowers reminded her of her hometown. The paragraph also compares Saeng to Seremban. In the story, her mother said: "I've seen this flower by the lake. It's not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, the hibiscus this winter. is the most important thing." Saeng is the winter hibiscus, strong enough to survive the winter, and it doesn't matter if she fails the exam in the spring when she passes and passes. That is represented when the hibiscus is in full bloom. I also think the story ends that way because it ties into Saeng's feelings in the story of her new home and old home. It also shows her ability to overcome obstacles. She will forget about failing her driving test and try to pass it in the spring.
I think the writer ended the story with that paragraph because Hibiscus got them over the hurdle. She wants to take the test again so she can @CAPS1 tell her mom she can pass. I also think that because Fleur gave them strength, she had more confidence in herself to pass the test.
The author chose to end the story this way for several reasons. Some of the reason is that it creates a sense of hope among readers, telling us that we always have another chance and the importance of perseverance. The closing paragraph creates a sense of hope as it shows how everything will come back and the rest will be another opportunity. The author chose to put it in the main text because it creates a happy note and lets the reader know there is hope. Another reason the author chooses to end the story with this paragraph is that it tells the reader that no matter what you do, you can always get another chance. The author wants to pass this on to the reader because it is an important lesson. The end also tells the reader that persistence is very important in life, almost a necessity of life. By talking about the melting of snow, the return of wild geese, the blooming of flowers, these things keep happening and almost stop because they refuse to give up and die. Therefore, the author chose to end the story with this paragraph for several reasons. The author chooses to end it this way because the paragraph gives the reader a lot of hope and gives the idea of a second chance. The author also chooses to end with this paragraph because it has several analogies to the crucial persistence in life.
The author ends the story with this sentence because he says that Saeng likes to do things in spring when she sees the flowers blooming, and because she feels like she is at home, she is more confident. About passing the exam.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author begins with "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take it and try again. " The authors take this paragraph as a concluding thought, emphasizing Saeng's determination to make a difference. She failed the exam but wanted to take it again. The resemblance to her grandmother is the flower, so if the flower buds, then her grandmother will come back in a sense. When his grandmother "comes back", @PERSON1 will feel like her grandmother is empowering and encouraging her to try the test again.
The author ends that paragraph by showing how Saeng, like a budding Hibiscus, gets a fresh start in spring and overcomes obstacles.
The author concludes: "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. I think the author uses this conclusion to make readers want to Finish the story himself. Or he can write another story to finish it. Most writers end their stories this way, so the reader has control over the ending.
Based on my understanding of the story, I think the writer ends the story with a paragraph to emphasize what is going to happen and to get the reader to come back and think and build excitement, and ask questions and questions in their heads after reading the message. For myself, to draw the reader's attention to the following and wonder if she can survive and adapt to a lifestyle she's not used to, and to test her abilities to see if she can survive a different type of person Come down the seasons and know that no matter what you face in life, they're always more obstacles in your head.
The author chose to end the story with that paragraph to express emotional meaning. The last paragraph says that she will wait until the spring when the hibiscus blooms before taking the test. She hoped that the blooming hibiscus would give her the strength to pass the test. Hibiscus reminded her of her hometown and comforted her. Saeng hopes that seeing the blooming hibiscus will remind her of her home and give her the strength to pass the test.
The author ends the story this way, because the rise and fall of the geese represent a change in Sonnen. Furong is different from what she remembered in her hometown. The sprouting of hibiscus flowers shows Saeng's happiness at home. This passage shows that familiarity with budding plants gave Saeng courage and the ability to overcome obstacles. The goose in this paragraph represents the keeping of time. The plant will sprout in spring when the geese return. If the author hadn't included this last paragraph, Saeng's memory effects would not have been fully depicted. The line implies that Saeng can't overcome her obstacles because of the novelty of the place. When the little friends make her feel at home, she can overcome the obstacles of driving test. She will be more confident.
The author includes this because it shows that she has not given up. Since she didn't give up, she could have more attempts.
There are many reasons why the author chose to end the story with Saeng's vow to try his driving test again. At first, the story starts with a sad tone and seeing the fact that the line "When Saeng went home after failing a driving test" sets the tone as sad because she failed a very important test and she was walking alone . "She saw a more domestic plant" is a time to want to get back into the story. She also saw wilting when she brought the plants she bought here to her mother. "Where did you get it?" her mother asked, and Saeng replied, "I bought it." She bought it with @MONEY1, more than her mother bought with all the seeds in the garden. Over time, it became clear to her mother that this plant meant strength and hope to her daughter, and this plant meant the same. I remember one time my mother bought me a working candle cat. I thought it was a lot of money, but I also felt love when @CAPS1 saw the lighthearted pleasure she brought me. When Saeng's mother felt the plants in the plants, Saeng was happy and gave her the courage to take the driving test again. That's why the author chose to end the story with Saeng's vow to try the driving test again.
The writer ends the story with that paragraph because it makes the story longer and gives it a good ending, but I don't know what that means, so the writer should explain what it means instead of me.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because @CAPS1 is trying to let us know what happens when the story is finished. And trying to make it clear, that's why I think @CAPS1 came up with the idea to close the paragraph.
The author concludes this passage because Saeng has to wait until the end of winter to have a new beginning. She wanted to try again, because last time she messed up farming the plants. Saeng wants to be a gardener like her mother.
The author of this article concludes these sentences so that she will be aware that they will come back.
The author ends the story with "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when snow..." to show that Saeng became stronger. She got stronger as she adjusted to her new home and environment. Saeng is more confident about taking the test again. She didn't want to cry anymore, like she did in the last test. Being more confident and adaptable is why she is stronger, and the reason she wants to take the test again is because she is stronger.
Confidence, Perseverance, Memories - all things Saeng has "This helps to explain why the author ends the story with this paragraph after Saeng left her country, she has been unhappy, she has been depressed, misses everyone and @CAPS1 from Vietnam; the @CAPS1 she saw reminded her of this, the last paragraph, which says "then I'll take the test again", shows she has confidence in herself and wants to work harder next time. When She shows persistence when she says she'll try again and hope she doesn't give up, Saeng almost misses @CAPS1 from Vietnam, even the food. She misses her family too, how they look and how they dress. Her memory Might keep her from concentrating on her driving test, she knew she wanted to do good, so she bought this flower hoping it would make her feel better. Hope Saeng's life in America will get better and she will learn to love this nation.
Because as the hibiscus plant blooms, new hope follows. In the story, she sees the hibiscus as her old life, and as the plant sprouts, a new chapter in the young girl's life begins.
I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph because he was trying to prove his point. I think Saeng is comparing himself to a flower. For example, this flower started out as a wildflower and was then planted in a pot. Saeng is a free and happy girl, but then she had to move to @LOCATION1. Both Hwa and Saeng feel out of place. Because in the story Saeng is similar to the flower, so at the end of the story, I think Saeng thinks that if the flower can survive the winter, then she can survive in @LOCATION1 and she can pass the test. That's why I think the author completed the paragraph to convey his message.
The author ends the story this way because he or she wants to show that Saeng is determined to fail the driver's test. The author wanted to leave a good news for Saeng so that she would not be sad. Shell was better prepared and knew what to expect when she was tested again. Shell had a better winter.
I think the author summed up the story like he or she taught the class. Whatever is holding you back, whatever is slowing you down, don't give up. You should keep trying. If you fail, try again and again until you get it right.
@CAPS2, memories, hard work @CAPS1 - all the author used "when they come back, saeng silently swears to himself in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus sprouts, and then I will take the exam again. First of all @CAPS2 because she failed her test in the first place, it takes some courage and the ability to go back and even try again. Also because it upsets her when she thinks of her grandmother, so will definitely take @CAPS2, and Humans will have the ability to test her a second time. Memories next. I @CAPS4, she's been wanting to do this test because she has so many great memories with her grandmother and doesn't want to forget them. But back to willpower or thinking Yup, go back and do a second test. Finally all the hard @CAPS1. All the hard @CAPS1 because she knew what her grandmother was asking of her and threw away everything her grandmother put out or hard @CAPS1 she looked to and want to respect or appreciate all the things her grandmother did for her. That's why @CAPS3 @CAPS4 the author ends this paragraph and not the others
The author has added the last paragraph to show that she still has hope. This is the last word because @CAPS1 fong Ho wants to show that when everything seems lost and you're at the end of the line, you can always hope for a better spring, so new beginnings are not just saeng plants, but also She lives in a different country.
The writers of "Winter Hibiscus" chose to close the story with that paragraph to reinforce the story's theme and to end it with a hopeful tone. The story is about adapting to the new environment and making the most of every change. "Saeng swears silently to himself" tells the audience that Saeng is trying to adjust to his new life and find the good side. The hopeful tone created is a way of showing that Saeng is open to life changes and wants to do his best to overcome obstacles. "I'll take that test again," she said. The tests represent obstacles she will overcome as she tries. The hibiscus in the sentence "...when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting..." @CAPS1 Restart. The budding hibiscus flower compared to Saeng is a fresh start and a determination to realize her adaptation to a new way of life, the author chose this passage to end the selection, highlighting the theme, symbolizing a new beginning
I think the writer ends the story with this sentence because the audience can compare Sang and Hibiscus. After reading that sentence, I realized that saeng and hibiscus are similar in that both will pass and stand out, (Saeng got her license and hibiscus bid) @CAPS1 The author may have ended the story with that sentence because This shows that saeng is committed to working towards her goal and will not give up. "Saeng silently swore to himself, 'I'll take the test again', and in the end I think the author ended the story with this sentence because it lets the audience know what will happen to the saeng, but leaves the audience a little mystery. The audience fills in them Wanted content. For example, I know saeng is going to take the test again and I believe she will pass, @CAPS2, another person reading it may think she failed again and have to retake the test.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, asking the reader to compare the girls to geese and hibiscus. Goose left. Winter comes back in spring, but the geese also show how the girls came back in the spring to take their driver's license test again. Hibiscus withered over the winter and began to sprout again in the spring, indicating that winter is its weakness. Like Fleur, this girl overcomes her weakness of not being able to drive by remembering her hometown. The author put this paragraph at the end of the story so you can see that the girl is like a goose and a hibiscus.
I think the writer ends the story with this sentence because it shows that she will mature. She said she wasn't ready for all the challenges she was going to face, like she didn't pass her exam, but instead of crying about it, she said I'll take it again next year. In this story, she also longs for her hometown, which she really misses. To solve this problem, she bought a winter hibiscus, which reminded her not only of her homeland but also of her grandmother, and overall, the protagonist shows depth and maturity throughout the work.
The author ends the story her way because it shows that Saeng is willing to adapt to her environment, just like Hibiscus. Saeng needs to adjust to her new home in @LOCATION1, while Seremban needs to adjust to the upcoming winter. Saeng swore to himself, "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting..." @CAPS1 It can be seen that Saeng has hope for both himself and the hibiscus. Initially, Saeng was very reluctant to accept her home. "It's not like the kind we used to be," she says of hibiscus. But she realizes that hibiscus can serve as both a reminder of home and a reminder for her to make changes for her new home. She knew that if Hibiscus survived the winter, she would be able to live in a new place.
The author ends the story with Saeng's promise to herself that spring has come because Saeng is having a hard time adjusting to her new home, and she won't give up because of one failure. The thought of her home, which she will never be able to return, is a painful thought for Saeng, and the memory of it helps her cope with the feeling of loss. The hibiscus and other familiar flowers she found comforted her because they reminded her of home. In spring, when the geese return and the hibiscus blooms, Saeng will be ready for the test again, and spring represents an opportunity to try again, a new beginning.
The author's last final paragraph. The author chose because this sentence informs you that immortality will take the test Arne. In the first @num1 immortal told the mother of her zhcon failed test. So by the time spring comes around the hibiscus begins to sprout and immortality will make up the exam. In addition, the goose temporarily left home because of the snow. So she kinda compares herself to a goose because her wife comes home with her. When the time is right the goose goes back, and this is the paragraph where the author sums up the story.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph because plants represent determination to survive. In other words, when the hibiscus flower buds, it brings good luck to her next driving test after winter. Also, the reason why the author ends this sentence is to show her plans for the future
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author has many reasons to end the story with this paragraph. This paragraph shows that Saeng will not give up, she will wait for the next time she comes over to take the exam. It also means she will be well prepared and confident in passing this test. It gives the reader an idea that Saeng will not give up, she will finish the test. Her mother would be proud of it, showing that Saeng will never give up. Like she said "Grow it now", his example shows that even if Saeng fails the test and disappoints her mother, she will not give up, she still has hope for the plant, just like her mother holds Saeng hope.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he's talking about when Saeng silently swears, because she's thinking about what happened long ago with her mom, the plants in her garden. Saeng is thinking, when everything comes back, what will happen when spring comes back, the snow melts, the goose will take the exam again, she will take the exam again, this is what she silently swears to herself. This is how I think the writer will end the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with this sentence. In this story, it's about a @PERSON1, a girl and her mother. Girl gets money to buy plant seeds. She spent @MONEY1 on this plant. Her mother was upset but it all started because they had egg omelets and melon pieces.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to show that saeng will move on and work hard after everything has happened. For example, when she says, "Wait until they come back in spring, until the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I'll take the test again." By ending the story like this, it leaves readers in suspense because they don't know if the geese will come back . The author seems to be showing the reader that Saeng is starting to adjust to her new country and make it like her old country. For example, when mom says, "I've seen this flower by the lake. It's not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, the hibiscus this winter." It's a sign that they hope Their new country is more like their old country, and she'll be happy when it is. So the author ends the story with this paragraph to show how she will adapt to the changing circumstances.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she can't wait until spring because her plants will sprout, which will remind her of her hometown again. She can't wait to take the spring exam because she could have stayed, and she @MONTH1 passed the exam in the spring because she failed the first time she took it. Maybe she ends the story with this paragraph because she @MONTH1 loves spring and she can't wait for it to come.
I believe it makes sense for the writer to end the story with this paragraph. I think the author will feel more comfortable and ready to be tested. I was able to come to this conclusion because she was giving herself time to prepare by waiting for the end of winter to take the exam again. Also, she is waiting for the hibiscus plant to sprout. something. The fact that I was able to extract from the fact that she wanted to wait for Hibiscus was the presence of comfort, the whole story revolves around how saeng comforted herself by recalling her past experiences in Vietnam. When she feels like an important part of her life is returning, she can become comfortable and focused. I think the writer will end the story with this paragraph because the writer wants to emphasize the importance of the flower in relation to how saeng lived her life
The author ends the story with this paragraph, showing that she has hope. She believes that when everything returns to normal, in the spring, she will be able to pass the test. Spring geese come back and hibiscus sprouts. It made her feel more at home, as it always was before she moved. She also loves goose and hibiscus, which might make her feel more comfortable. That's why the writer ends the story with this quote to show that she has hope.
The author ends the story with this quote, he/she wants to compare Saeng's life with plants. For example, in the story, Saeng has just passed her driving test, and then she sees a plant that reminds her of her homeland. From flower shop to house, she compares her hometown to flowers, which shows her relationship to it. So the last paragraph shows that when Hibiscus sprouts and starts a new phase, she also goes to take the driver's license.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show saeng's determination to adapt to life changes. In the story, saeng failed her driving test and is struggling to adjust to her new life at @LOCATION1. However, when she saw that Fleur and Goose looked familiar, she also decided to adopt them. Saeng bought a hibiscus because it reminded her of home. This not only comforted her, but also made her miss her hometown even more. Hibiscus can survive @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION1 so it helps saeng realize she can too. The author includes geese because they help saeng realize that she is becoming more familiar with things in America so she can continue to adapt. Saeng said she now recognizes the "V" shape of the goose. Realizing that she was getting used to @LOCATION1 and that she was surviving helped her resolve to retake and pass her driving test. The author included it to summarize the theme of the story that adopted the change.
I think the writer wrote this sentence to make the character a little bit personal so you can relate to that person.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show the importance of new beginnings and to highlight themes in the story. The theme is to overcome difficulties and seek a new beginning. Spring is the symbol of a new beginning. So, the beginning of the new year will make her start all over again in the driver's license test. Furthermore, the author uses the passage to demonstrate the symbolic quality of everyday things. Just as Hibiscus reminds her of family life, Dayan reminds her of spring.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author He Minfang ends the story with that paragraph because it is a way of saying that she will forget what happened in the past because she failed the exam and she will do better next time. As the author said, when spring comes, she will be reborn like a hibiscus. Through this story, Saeng has to adjust like Hibiscus. Hibiscus inspired Saeng to do well where she is. So this is a new beginning for Saeng, after all she has learned from Hibiscus.
It's kind of like the theme of the story. Hibiscus flowers inspire her to want to do things. I think it will bring back memories of her homeland and make her want to try new things. This is important to the story because it shows you the importance of hibiscus to life.
I think the writer chose to end the story this way to show that the girl is remembering her past and taking it easy. She was at peace with that flower. What the author wants to convey is that no matter what you are used to, you can find something that will bring you joy and focus.
The author ends the story with this paragraph @CAPS1 that she is required to pass the test and will not give up until she passes.
I feel like the writer ends the story with this paragraph because she's showing how the character matures and how the character grows in her environment. This shows that just because you fail once doesn't mean you'll fail again. Also, it’s okay to feel out of place, there’s always a time in life when a new beginning begins, so you can choose to take that opportunity or stick with it, but the decision is always up to you.
In He Minfeng's short story "Winter Hibiscus", she said: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting, and then I will Take that test again. "I didn't pass the test". Like many kids, Saeng failed the driving test and she was very upset about it. No one wants to fail at something, failing a test is almost a humiliating experience. Know Others have made it through. In the introductory paragraph or citation in the question, it is written as a symbolic sign. The geese return to the north to show that they are ready to "start over" or "try again". When the hibiscus sprouts, It's trying to "start life" again. Saeng sees objects doing things over and over, which makes her want to succeed and try again. She realizes it's just part of life, and in order to succeed, you have to fail. Minfong takes this phrase Closing because she understands that no matter what obstacles you face, you have to move forward and keep trying to succeed. She realizes that success can only come from hard work and commitment, and that's what makes a great and strong person.
The author ends the paragraph with that sentence because she wants the reader to know that it's not over yet. He wants readers to know that @ORGANIZATION1 will not forget. And it will all happen again.
The author concludes "I'll take that test again", which means that what she's going through now will happen again, but next time she'll be knocked out. Saeng has a hard time moving to another country and feels comfortable where her mother supports her as she spends the winter. The hibiscus she bought is a symbol, not only representing itself, in this winter hibiscus text by Minfong Ho shows that this hibiscus was bought by her at the worst time, she spent the winter with the hibiscus, and at the end of the story A passage expressing "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is budding," she is thinking about this feature and how she "was born in the spring and silently swears to herself. She can't wait until the winter is over, just waiting for the spring arrival.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is to tell us what she did when she came back in the spring. This means that when she returns, she will be taking care of the plants. When she comes back, she wants the snow to melt and everything. This is what the author told me from the story.
I think the writer ends the story with a paragraph to make sure the reader she will repeat it. Also, the author ends the story this way to show the reader that no matter where you go, there is always something or someone who promises you everything. The author also wants readers to feel a sense of resemblance to the character's meaning, which you can always relate to, no matter how out of place you find it
The author ends the story with this paragraph so we can buy his upcoming book, or to get us more excited.
In this story the author decided to end the story with this paragraph, "When they came back, Sang silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test. " Because she wanted to take the test when everything was the same, for example, she wanted everything she liked, like flowers, geese and whether. Another reason I say the author ends the story with that paragraph is because she wants to be, the same environment as she is in her home country, like no snow, like spring everywhere. That's why I say the author ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to express her comfort with the memories of her hometown and a true appreciation for the beauty of tropical plants. She believes that since it is winter and the hibiscus has not yet germinated, it cannot pass the test. “Almost reluctantly, she realized that a lot of the things she had thought of before had, with the seasons, become almost what she is now familiar with. “It shows that she truly believes in the beauty of her hometown and tropical plants. , because she's thinking back to other times, winter is weird, spring is better, and @DATE2 is the season when plants sprout, so she believes that when she's comfortable, when the plants sprout, she'll really get through Driving test.
Flying south for the winter and geese budding in hibiscus are normal things immortalized. The author wants to end this story with something that shows immortality that she acustomed to feel comfortable with. Eternal wishes to have Goose and Fleur feel more comfortable there while taking the driving test. Immortal is still for the bulls at home and doesn't quite feel like she meets Fleur in America to make her feel as comfortable as she is home, in Vietnam, Immortal because all she wants is how they still feel homesick. There was no emotional state her driving test brought to her, and she was disappointed along the greenhouse plants. In the second to last paragraph about the feeling of repetition, see the V-shape, when Eternal Life had written talks. Eternal thinks that she won't feel the same comfort in winter when she can see hibiscus and geese flying overhead. It says that when immortalized in @LOCATION2 she has nothing, it is familiar with her coming. Now she'll get that feeling from geese and plants. Saying Immortal will take her driving test when winter ends is a good one as it gives you some insight as to what Immortal will do for the author to conclude.
I think they came back after the author wrote that sentence, and Saeng swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the goose and this hibiscus sprout, I will take the test again "Because it's winter, the school is closed. Wait for the goose. It's spring, so it's time to go back to school. I think that's why.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends his story with a strange ending. "'When they come back,' Saeng silently swears to himself, 'In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts. Then I'll take that test again.'" I believe, except literally, The author is showing how Saeng adapts to a new country. She also failed to adapt and accept the new country by failing her driver's license test. Vows to try again, which also shows her willingness to give the country another chance. "She still finds her words too trembling at home." I believe this shows that she still doesn't call this country her home. She is still stuck in her past.
The writer summarizes the story in paragraphs to show that saeng won't stop just because she failed the first time. It also shows that she doesn't let certain things get her down.
The last sentence of the story is usually the most meaningful. I believe there are many reasons why the author ended the story this way. For example, I think the author does this to leave readers with a strong determination. The story quotes, "I will take the exam again." The author uses the word will to express the determination of the girls. She didn't say she would try, she said she would, no doubt about it. I also think the author ends this way to emphasize the subject of new beginners. The story quotes, "When they come back...in the spring...I will take that test again. It shows that in the spring, she will be tested for a new beginning in life. That's why I believe The reason why the author ends the story this way.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" chose a good ending, with "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will bring it to try again." This passage hints to the reader that Saeng intends to combine her old and new life. Her old life was represented by hibiscus; she was used to the normalcy of her hometown. The goose symbolizes her new life; they have become "almost familiar to her now" and the obstacle she faces is passing her driving test. The author implies that in the spring, when old and new parts of Saeng's life come together, Saeng will be able to overcome her "hurdles" and everything will be fine. With geese in the field, Saeng's life is complete.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it's important when she says when the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, and then she says she'll take that test again and tells the reader when she'll take that test again. That's what happened in the story.
He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus". I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because it underscores Saeng's willingness to retake the exam when he comes back. I also think the writer ends the story with this paragraph, because in the story @NUM1 to the last paragraph says, "Almost reluctantly, she realizes a lot of things that she thought were strange before, through fairly repeating season after season, now for her It's almost a farmhouse." This quote tells me that @PERSON1 is slowly adjusting to a new place. And how she changed her mind about plants, and even though it's different, it still makes sense. Therefore, I think it is a good choice for the writer to end the story with this paragraph.
The last paragraph says: "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, the hibiscus sprouts, and I will take the test again." I believe the author ends that paragraph to illustrate the fact that when her new home is the same as her old home, she may be more confident and more confident. In her place, not the cold winters that are the exact opposite of where she used to live. The old home feeling will make her more active and comfortable in her new home. So she would take the test at home and pass.
He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus". The author uses her memory to express how the girl believed that once she changed and adapted to the culture, she would have the courage to retake the exam she failed that day. Saeng misses her home so much that she cannot understand the similarities between the new home and the old one. "She realised that many of the things she had thought strange before were now almost familiar to her after season after season of quiet repetition." Saeng doesn't want to look forward to the move, but notices that she won't forget any of the memories she's starting to take on new ones. Everything was so different at first, and it's a comfort to her now that she's starting to think about her new home. "She still finds herself shaking too much at home, lest she burst into tears again." As Saeng feels about the change, the closing paragraph lets readers know that there is still hope for the home she knows to move on. She is gradually starting to gain confidence that she knows when to pass exams to succeed. The author shows how good change can be if you're willing to adapt. Everything may not always be as perfect as you know it, but your courage will create a happy home with old and new memories, As Saeng begins to realize in the last paragraph.
The author simply states the obvious from this short story. This excerpt is mainly to say that when spring comes she will return to the greenhouse or area with all the plants. When she gets there, the girl tries to play wild plants that grow in her hometown and bring them to her new home.
The reason why the author ends the story with such a paragraph, I think he is trying to show Saeng as the kind of person who doesn't give up and always grows like hibiscus. And because she realized that most of the things she thought were strange in the past had become, through the quiet repetition of season after season that she was almost familiar with. Saeng still has
Minfong Ho ends the story with this paragraph because to show how Saeng is stuffed. In the paragraph where Saeng says "I will take that test again", it means that I will go through the same thing. And @CAPS1
The author ends the story this way to show that there is always a happy ending. The goose is back, and the girl is happy because of it.
The author ends the story with his paragraph because these are things she won't give up. She tried to say that when everything she believed was successful, that's when she was going to take her driving test. Her mother said the flower would never give up and it was strong enough to get through the winter. Geese always come back. That's exactly the test she's going to do. She will not give up the test, she will keep working until she passes.
Saeng feels more comfortable in spring because it reminds her of home. She may have never experienced snow or winter before. So nothing reminds her of home at this time of year. In spring, it does, as the geese return and the hibiscus grows again, making everything her home again. When spring came, all she got was trust.
The author concludes the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with this paragraph because it sums up everything Hibiscus gave Saeng the strength and courage. Like Hibiscus, Saeng feels out of place in this new country, and Hibiscus helps her realize the importance of adapting to survive for a happy life. She can't always stay in the past, but learn to like where she lives now. So, when the author writes "Spring, the snow melts and the wild goose returns, this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", it directly symbolizes the Saeng sprout or open heart @ CAPS1 way, such as learning to drive.
I believe the author of "Winter Hibiscus" used this in the last paragraph because it was saying that when she saw Hibiscus, it would evoke her memories of home again, which would bring encouragement to the exam. "The wild geese symbolize Saeng's determination to pass the test and try like a new nation." Eternal explained, "She looked up and looked at their unique me against the evening sky, slowly fading into @NUM1) This phrase created me The vivid images in my mind let me know that immortality would really go and take the test when she was not only encouraged from Goose, but also from Fleur.
The author ends that paragraph because it somehow lets you know that everything is going to be alright. Saeng will retry her driver's test again and everything is back to her favorite way. This gives you a sense of hope that everything will be okay. Also, she will start to make the most of life. I believe this is why I think the author ends with that paragraph.
The author uses this paragraph to @CAPS1 the Story because it shows how Saeng fits into the country and she has come to understand it and love it. When it @CAPS2 "And this hibiscus is budding, then I'll do another test" it's a metaphor for herself, when @CAPS3 starts blooming @CAPS4 like she starts blooming and @CAPS4. This is why the author ends with this passage.
Saeng said she would be tested when the tree she bought started to sprout. She means, without that plant, she just doesn't want to take the exam. She didn't, because this plant accompanied her, her whole life. She also thinks she couldn't do it without that plant. Saeng means that since she has had this plant all her life, she thinks she needs it, but I don't think she really needs it. I guess it's just "comforting" her.
The author doesn't think Saeng is ready to take the exam until she learns more. Saeng has a lot of thoughts about gardening because she doesn't have any friends at school, she doesn't want to go to their school, and no one can talk about the benefits Saeng swears by, because she never knows if she'll be good or bad, so the author realizes that Saeng Will take the exam and pass.
The author ends this paragraph mainly because she wants to emphasize her memory of her hometown, saying that she will take the exam again next spring. This is because she knows that as soon as spring comes back so many memories will come back to her because animals come out in spring and the trees bloom and it's so beautiful to have her take the exam again with the support of her country's memory.
After reading He Minfang's story "Winter Lotus", the author ends the story in a unique way, showing the will to survive. For example, the author writes and explains in the article how the plant "dok faeng-noi" adapts to the cold environment, which is different from the domestic one. It's a testament to the fact that the idea of survival, in the past, this plant migrated to a place that seemed warm at the time, but when the streets were cold, it found a way to change itself and adapt, it's all based on survival instinct. Another example in the text is author Saeng telling herself that in the spring she will try to take the exam again. This shows a will to survive, because when Saeng fails the test, she feels a sense of melancholy and failure. The fact that she has the courage to prepare for the exam in the spring shows that she is the way humans want to live, and that in order for her to live in a new country, she must pass the exam to become a survivor.
Author summary. Use this paragraph to show a story about snow on the road. He showed people how to watch where they were going. In short, the segment will show him passing through a blizzard.
In the story of Winter Hibiscus, Sonn swears to himself in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus is sprouting. Then I will take the test again. The author ends this paragraph because Hibiscus brings her comfort and confidence at home. "She's almost familiar now." This line in the story shows that things are starting to go right, and she begins to take comfort in realizing that the place she lives now may be similar to where she used to live. When around hibiscus, it brings to mind the flowers they once inhabited. Both mother and daughter admired the flower they found because it was similar to the flower they came home with. In the story, for example, the mother said, "Its flowers aren't as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the colder months here." This shows that they appreciate its resemblance to the old hibiscus. Finally, the author ends the story with that paragraph because it helps the reader understand the importance of the girl's memory of the place she once lived.
The author chose this ending to show that saeng hasn't given up on her life yet. It shows that although she loves her hometown very much, she also has many feelings and memories of that year. She took the test, failed, lived where she lived, and then seemed to be too stressful for her. While she hasn't quite settled in yet, she will do her best to deal with the situation that throws her. The way it ends the story gives hope to the reader, rather than buying a flower to move on with her life after failing an exam. For example, when she failed an exam, she looked miserable and angry. Me, "I didn't pass the test," Saeng said. For a long time, ma'am. Panufon said nothing. Saeng didn't dare to look his mother in the eyes. Instead, she stared at the hibiscus plant, nervously tearing off a leaf, tearing it to shreds. "This made Saeng angry that she had to leave her happy life in the past to find a different and challenging life. When faced with challenges, extreme emotional situations arise. Saeng just needs hope, and the author chose this way Betray the reader, there is a chance of hope!
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus," author Minfang ends the story her way, for a number of reasons.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it wraps it all up into one. Explain that she is looking forward to the spring when the hibiscus blooms
The reason why at the end of the story is "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself, in the spring; when the show melts and Guice returns, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will do it again". It's because she said the birds are always where they live & plants can live here not when she has & is still alive she says she can do it if she tries so she'll wait until the birds come back it's okay in her The new home is planting flower buds so everything will be fine and then she will be able to take the exam because she understands and trusts that she will feel safer and better.
Stories like this are for my reasons. First, he ends the story and makes the reader think about what would have happened if there was a second part. Secondly, so that he can make a second part. That's how he ended the story.
She swears it's because, just like Dayan will come back to her should. Also as a test of her own learning and growth, she will. Also, she @CAPS1 loves the ordeals of survival and family tridition, she will know comeing. The back is fate. In e.g. they come to improve their journey, they have to face and help their young realize that they will always come back as their life begins to emerge and have been exacpe cold, the kind of people who want to hurt their own lives . Winter is very harsh there will be then they know they have to leave just @CAPS2. She learns the lessons of family, freedom, life and survival.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he made a commitment to himself to retake the test. He might say that because everything has a next time. He said that mainly to remind himself that in everything there is always another try. Finally, most people know that everyone has a second chance.
The author ends the story this way because the seasons change, where the cycle ends and a new one begins. So I thought it was a great way to end a story like this because I set a mood and a feeling at the end of the story.
The author summarizes the story "Winter Hibiscus" in this paragraph because it conveys the theme of the story and adapts to changes in life. So, a lot of things have changed immortality, and she's not yet full of ways to adjust to life. However, she learns that she needs to be determined to fit in and survive like Fleur. The text states, "In spring, when this hibiscus sprouts" Hibiscus teaches immortality to never give up, just like Hibiscus does not give up and survives in winter. She learned to be sure and although she failed the test the first time, her memory had helped her and she would go again. These ideas are in the last paragraph because they sum up the ideas that don't give up, even if you feel out of place. She's slowly getting used to this new place, and admits now, because she thinks it's the last of the seasons.
Set the tone and talk about how they will look. Also, that short paragraph can also start another book or get you started. It can also compare your life to that of a goose. It's like explaining what difficulties you are going through.
The author chose to end the story this way for many reasons. Throughout the story, the author hints that Saeng is homesick. He has to do with the flowers being strong enough to survive the winter. That means she will survive too. Although the flower is not the same as the one in her family, change is inevitable, at least she can stick to it. So I believe the author decided to end the story with this, like the plants she will survive in the spring and try to adapt, and like her driving test.
The author sums it up this way because he is the one who scores below what you have written. Score better for levels and keys. For all the things he was surprised by he was amazed to be separated by him so god bless you till the end of the writer he is going to be mad at you
I believe the writer wrote this paragraph to show you that she didn't give up, that she kept trying after she failed. Saeng said to her mother "I didn't pass the exam". Also makes her sound proud and happy to try the test again. I also failed the test. I also said I would take over them, but I didn't. So the writer put it on them to show how determined she would be.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it lets the reader know that Saeng still has a chance; she didn't give up on herself or the exam. As you read, you'll find that Saeng is comforted by the memories of her hometown, and moving to another country this time is obviously difficult for her. "It felt smooth and cool, with a hint of velvet in between—like she knew it," the author wrote in the story. She was comforted by the feel and scent of hibiscus. Then she started buying the plant because she failed the test and needed something to cheer her up. The author decided to end the story with Saeng, saying that once "this hibiscus plant sprouts, then I will do another test" because, as readers should know by now, the hibiscus plant has been the only positive aspect of her life. move. This gave her the motivation to take her driving test again and let readers know that Saeng didn't give up.
Minfong Ho ends the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with a powerful passage that shows Saeng's passion and will to complete the test in his new home. When the closing sentence says that Saeng "swears" to pass the test, it shows her determination to fight. It probably came from her grandmother's memory and the flowers that reminded her so closely of her old home. Saeng's courage in the face of nostalgia is the seed of the story, and He Minfang ends this seemingly sad story with such a bold statement, blossoming this seemingly sad story into a story of willpower and motivation to pass her test. "Winter Hibiscus" is a period of heartache, despair and longing for a past life. Closing the story with Saeng's uplifting promise, He Minfang brings a happy ending to a story that could be sad.
The author ends the story with this, because the season is coming to an end and so is the story.
The author ends the story with this type of paragraph because the author knows it will happen again. I know this because in that paragraph it says "in the spring....I will take this exam again". She is just preparing for next year. That's why I think this paragraph ends with a story.
After dinner, Saeng thought about the exam. She knew she could do better than ever. And she swore to herself that once winter ended and spring began, she would take the exam again, this time with honors.
Saeng wants to be pretty outside, and Hibiscus takes the test again when she's a buddy. The factory showed good results by passing the test. The plant will help her pass the test by being strong, tough and well-finished. These features represent girls and flowers. It was a good day and wanted to take the exam on the same day. This plant is strong and tough. It represented the girl she didn't pass at that time. She told her mother and knew it very well. Plants represent beautiful things, and geese represent beautiful things. The girl wants to do it at that time of day and thinks she'll get it next time. When she finishes and passes her test, she wants to go back to the beautiful setting to commemorate that day. The author ends with this statement to represent the importance of plants and their surroundings when she wants to pass the test.
The author probably ends the story with that paragraph because she wants to remind readers how sincere "Saeng" is to Hibiscus. I say this because @PERSON1 is very compassionate with this flower throughout the story. I think she felt like she could connect with flowers through her.
The author ends this paragraph because it symbolizes a new beginning, Saeng says, "I—I didn't pass the test." She's also heartbroken, and she's committing to a fresh start, just like the world does every spring. The story is about taking a new approach when life seems tough. She plans to retake her driving test.
The author ends the story with this to show that Saeng will be ready to be tested in time. She first had to grow and adapt to the new environment. Like hibiscus and goose. Hibiscus now has to adapt to the new environment outside the store. Geese acclimate by flying south through the winter. Saeng also needs to learn and adapt to pass the driving test. By closing the story with this paragraph, it shows that Saeng realizes what she needs to do. She needs to stop thinking about where she used to live and start her new life in a new country.
He Minfang ended her story "Winter Hibiscus" with an optimistic sentence. She concludes this because the protagonist of the story is starting to lose hope. Saeng decides to retake her driving test when her hibiscus blooms. The flower reminded her of her past life in Vietnam with her grandmother. “As she combed her hair with a fine-toothed buffalo horn comb, Saeng could almost feel the soft lines of her grandmother’s long gray hair that had just been washed.” She prefers life in Vietnam to @LOCATION2. She will wait until "this hibiscus has sprouted" so that she can feel more comfortable and happy. The author wants to end it so Saeng will be happy.
The author ends the story with this because she is heartbroken and she wants to give the reader hope that you should never give up on anything and keep trying forever. It also ended in a good way, if like I stayed up crying in @CAPS1 it wouldn't be a good ending. This ending gives readers hope and tells readers to practice. This is because when the spring is over, the woman is going to practice driving, so when she takes the test, she thinks she will fail. The girls also became happier at the end, much to the delight of the readers. So in conclusion, there are many reasons why the end of the story is a good choice, like making the reader happy, giving the reader the courage to never give up, and ending the exercise if you fail the first time. Also help your mother while she is planting or digging plants,
The author ends the story with this paragraph in order to develop the theme and project what the protagonist will do after planting the hibiscus. I believe that the theme of this story is adapting to the changes in life, and the author is based on this. in the last paragraph. In the closing paragraph, the author writes: "When they come back, Saeng silently swore to himself in the spring that when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." The author shows Saeng How to learn to adapt when life changes. In this case, Saeng failed the driver's license test, and in response to the setback, she bought a hibiscus flower to remind her of her hometown. Hibiscus symbolizes a new beginning to test the old goose? ? ? (this @CAPS1 is @CAPS2)
So she didn't forget to take the exam again.
Saeng didn't give up on himself. She said she would retake it and then she might get through it. You don't always give up on your first try, it takes a while. Saeng encourages you to never give up because you didn't get it the first time. She also built confidence in herself. That's why the author ends the story this way.
The author ends the story with a passage that Saeng vows to retake in the spring, because he wants to show that the goose and hibiscus plants represent a kind of rebirth or revival to Saeng. He wanted to end the story on a positive note. Spring is a primitive season. This is a season of birth and growth. Saeng saw Hibiscus after failing the first test. It brings her back to her memories of Vietnam, which gives her comfort here, and she believes that maybe when she sees the plants bloom and the geese return, she will experience the same renaissance again.
The author ends the story with the last paragraph because Saeng failed the test at the beginning of the story. After experiencing plants and learning new things, it was only natural for Saeng to take the exam again in the spring (story ends). I think it's because Saeng knows she has to get used to hanging on @LOCATION1 and when she sees the geese flying in a "V", the plants are still on her, like back home in Vietnam. She realizes it's the same as Vietnam, she'll have to take her driver's license test again to adapt to all the changes in @LOCATION1. I also think prayers to end the story with her taking her driver's license test in the spring, because the geese will be back and the hibiscus is sprouting. This is the beginning for them and Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng is willing to try again, trying to get a plant that reminds her of her grandmother and the home she @MONTH1 went back to one day. So, she can see close flowers instead of flowers that she likes.
In "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story the way he did to show that Saeng didn't give up. In the spring, she will see plants and remember her home, which will help her not get homesick. "She didn't even realize that the plants she had known but had forgotten brought her back to her childhood work." This quote shows that when she sees familiar plants, she thinks of home, so when they bloom in spring, She will see it and feel more comfortable and at ease, which will help her find the strength to pass her driving test. So as the plant blooms, so does her comfort level.
I think the author is talking about snow, which is added outside because the bay is important and the snow starts to melt.
He ends the story with this sentence because it tells her that she has learned a lesson in life. All the way back to the home she originally came from, she misses her friend ibet and sees her mother exercising in the garden at this cold time of year. I guess it's poor there. In conclusion, this sentence was chosen because it sounds like she learned a lesson in life and even started over, but with a better understanding of her learning.
Saeng says this in the paragraph because she wants her mother to be proud of her, so she will take the exam again after winter.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it's more willpower because she likes hibiscus and what other way to end this story that makes her liken herself to hibiscus because when she says "spring, when the snow melts, , the wild goose is back, the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again." She means that the snow has slowed down the hibiscus flower now. So failure slowed her down. So she has to study and prepare for the spring, and when the hibiscus germinates, she will also pass the exam to germinate.
At the end of the article, Saeng swears to himself: "In spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this Hibiscus is calling, I will take that test again", as Spring and Hibiscus remind her of her home. For example, in the article, she will be upset because she misses home too much to talk about. So she found something that reminded her of it, like a plant called dok faeng-noi. It wasn't a real plant, but she got it to remind her where she came from. Anyway, Saeng found a plant that she liked because it reminded her of home. How to remind you of home. think about it.
The reason I chose to end this paragraph with this story is to tell the reader that things get better with time. Because she's not ready to fail the driver's test for immortality. The flower is in bloom, it is ready. I mean, you need to be patient and good things will come naturally to you
The author chose to end with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again". Because it shows the relationship between the strength of Hibiscus and the strength of Saeng. In the story, after failing her driving test, Saeng @CAPS1 is comfortable in the hibiscus native to her country. When she got home, her mother said, "I've seen this flower by the lake. It's not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the colder months here." Foreign countries falter. The quote at the end sums up the power of flowers by saeng @CAPS1. Almost thinking if flowers can survive on land far from home, why can't I?
When she is ready and doing well, she says she will take the test again. When she's ready and doing well, and doing well and beautifully, she'll have the confidence to take the test again. The author tries to tell us how she feels about letting her mom down.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it is important to the story. It also ends the story. Explain that the girl is beginning to adjust to the new area and will work harder to get along there. So by saying she will take the test again. It means she will see it in a new way. The author puts this at the end, trying to figure it all out and show that the girl has changed.
In the short story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with this paragraph because the author feels that Saeng will be ready to be tested by you at that particular time.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that there is still hope for her. Fleur gave her hope and strength. In the spring, she will take the exam again and hopes to pass it. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
In the last paragraph of He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus", the author finally said: "When they come back, Sang En silently swears to himself that in spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take it away." Test again". I Think the author ends with this sentence because it shows her determination to overcome this obstacle, for Saeng, hibiscus represents comfort and ability to overcome. Saeng is very strong and she believes in that determination from her past. Author Take this as a conclusion, because it shows Saeng's determination.
In Minfong Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with that paragraph to show what the flower means to Saeng. "@CAPS1 In the garden, Saeng dug a hole and carefully put 'Winter Hibiscus' in," the text reads. This shows readers that having this plant in her garden makes perfect sense for Saeng of. Also, with this conclusion statement, it helps the reader to understand the feelings of her new country. The concluding paragraph also shows consolation in times of disappointment. In the story it says: "Its flowers aren't as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, hibiscus this winter. It also shows Saeng's connection to flowers and how it helps her get through it all.
Why I think she added this is because she needs time to grow like a plant before being tested. Sometimes you need more time to pass the exam. Going to school teaches more than what we need to know, it helps us grow and understand life. As a tenth grader, I know I know more about life than I did in first grade. She still has a lot of growing up psychology about her past and present.
I believe the author ends the story with this sentence to show that the girl's hope is still there, and maybe even the flower has inspired her a lot. I believe that when she said, "When they come back, in spring, the snow has melted, the geese are back, and when this hibiscus flower blooms, I will take the test again", she deliberately chose this time for her to start over, and then Try again, like everything else mentioned. When it says "This hibiscus is budding," it indicates that the flower is blooming again, starting over and over again, as she did when she tried again to successfully pass the test she had to pass. She also said this in a tone that expressed hope. She was full of hope and made up her mind that she would pass it next time.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng's life will go on when this particular story ends. This paragraph provides the reader with an end and explains that once Saeng is further acclimated to the @LOCATION1 culture, she will take the exam again in time.
The author ends the story with this paragraph in order to make her succeed and do good deeds.
In response to explaining why the author ends the story with this paragraph, since the story is about plants that re-grow at about the same time each year. Paragraphs like when I think the plant grows back and the geese will come back around it is another test of growing and not letting the plant die
From He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with a passage that Sang swears silently, because that is to show Sang's determination. Hibiscus, a plant she found, was very similar to the plants in her "home" and symbolized her obedience. Hibiscus symbolizes her determination to live. "It's almost familiar to her now through the quiet repetition of season after season", and you can conclude that Saeng is thinking about how she's reacquainted with the goose. It made her feel more confident in herself. From this, "like geese, she looked up and watched their unique v etched", which shows that there is still hope in her heart. This passage from the author ties together what Saeng now hopes and believes.
Saeng swears to herself at the end of the story to show that she will adapt to the change, just as hibiscus will sprout. She knows it will be hard and it will take time, but in the end she will gain recognition and happiness. From the cry of her collapse, we see that it has been hard for her. And the way she talks to her mother. By planting hibiscus, she symbolized that things would be better if she wasn't too obsessed with the past.
The author ends the paragraph with the statement Saeng said. This is a very good statement. The author ends with this to show that she has the drive and determination to do so. She shows that she is motivated in many ways. "Let me help you, Mom," she said, showing that she was motivated by helping her mom finish what she started. She also made up her mind, saying: "She realizes almost reluctantly that many of the things she used to think were strange are now almost more familiar after season after season of quiet repetition. " It doesn't feel weird anymore. This is why the authors conclude the statement.
The author ends the story with this. When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is being built, I will take that test again! Because he or she is the one who wrote the story. One message was that her family moved from Vietnam to a unified @ORGANIZATION1. The second is that the author can make this story about her. Saeng failed the driving test.
The author ends "Winter Hibiscus" with that passage to show that the narrator realizes that even though she is in a new country, some things remain the same. So she made up her mind to pass the exam. For example, the narrator says, "She realizes that many of the strange things she had thought about before, through the rapid repetition of season after season, are now familiar to her." This statement suggests that the narrator has realized that, Even though every aspect of life has changed, some things remain the same. This also shows that things like exams are unfamiliar to her, but now that they are familiar with them, they can pass. The narrator also said: "Sanger dared not look his mother in the eye." This statement indicates the narrator's disappointment that he failed the test. This means that the exam is very important to her, there is pressure to pass, and new preparations to pass the exam. But she will be better prepared. The theme of this story may be seeing things that upset you. The narrator has been through a lot lately, but in seasons.
The author shows a willingness to work harder in this story. She said, "In spring, the snow has melted, the geese have returned, and this hibiscus has sprouted, so I will take the test again." I think the author realized that she was going to have to adapt. Also, saying she'll wait until spring means she'll try again and won't give up. The author has sentimental value. Since she is waiting for the hibiscus to sprout, I believe she is giving that hibiscus to her country. Since she has gone abroad, hibiscus is something in her wardrobe, so she will wait with flowers
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng now considers images related to memories in her new home, and images of Vietnam she remembers. At the beginning of the story, in the flower shop, she thinks of her grandmother, and a well, a hibiscus hedge, and other things that remind her of certain feelings and experiences. At the end of the story, she represents the passage of time with hibiscus flowers that remind her of her former home and Canada geese, who are no longer foreign to her. Now, she considers her new home to be like her old love, with the familiar and connected to the memory.
The author ends the story with this paragraph. in the same way. One reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is because in the story she grieves what she really wants. So she took it home and showed her mother, and her mother looked at her strangely because the story said "What are you? Her mother was staring at her puzzled." So she explained that she didn't pass the driving exam, but she didn't give up. So at the end of the story, she said she would take that exam again. So all in all, that's why the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
The content of the story is "When they come back, Sonn secretly swears that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again." Determined to try again and pass the driving test next year. The flowers also reminded her of home in Vietnam. (For example, "The plant she didn't even realize she already knew but forgot pulled her back into the world of her childhood.") By the time the flowers bloom next year, she'll be more determined and ready to be tested again. Besides, blooming flowers is like starting a new life, and maybe passing her driving test is the same for Saeng. That's why the author ends with that statement.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it's saying I'll never give up. She was determined to coordinate everything. I think she's saying she'll be tested over and over until she succeeds. That's why the writer ends the story with this paragraph, because you should never give up.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author finally said: "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." A paragraph to end the story because this paragraph is saying that no matter Saeng fails the driving test the first time, she will not give up until she passes and starts driving. The author also ends the story with this paragraph because it says that Saeng can wait until the winter is over, so she sees the hibiscus sprouting.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus," the author somehow ended the initial conflict for the protagonist, who failed to pass her driver's license. The author does this to bring the reader back to his senses, but also to help the reader foreshadow what is happening in the future, "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I'll take the test again." @CAPS1 Use this sentence to tell the reader that her homeland will help her keep going with the help of similar plants. When Hibiscus sprouts a fresh start in spring, Saeng will do the same, by retaking her driving test. Taking this as a conclusion, the author thus does not confuse the reader "what happened to the driver's test, and what's the point of that?".
The author ends the story with this paragraph to illustrate what her hole means. For example, when she came back, she felt great because she belonged to her. One reason is that she "swears silently to herself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts." @CAPS1 means coming back is probably the best thing she can do.
Well, it seems to me that the author wrote this as his or her end basically because of sarcasm and emphasis on what he said and made it clear that he would not be taking the test again, and basically, if someone tried to get him Tested again and had to kill him.
I believe the writer ended the story with this paragraph because she wanted to try again when Fleur came back. The proof in the last paragraph is, "When they came back, San silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back and this hibiscus was sprouting, I would take that test again." That's why I believe The author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author takes it as a conclusion because it is like a loop. And he didn't finish it at the end of the cycle, because keeping the reader curious creates suspense. This is a well written story and conclusion.
In He Minfang's short story "Winter Hibiscus," a teenage girl fails her driving test but vows to take it again in the spring. The way the story ends, it shows that the girl will have a fresh start. For example, ''When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again''(HO). Hibiscus makes her feel connected to her hometown. So if hibiscus is budding, it's a fresh start, and she feels she can do the same. That's why the story ends like this.
Here are a few reasons why the author ends the story this way. The first reason is that most of the stories are written in a serious and direct tone and end the story with a quote or a riddle. Makes the reader have to think about the conclusion. It's the same if he just ends with what happened, so he just adds something that makes you feel a little more than a normal conclusion. The author said, "When they come back, Sheng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." Because it is different.
Because she wants to practice driving, learn to drive well, and take the test when the flowers bloom. And she will try harder next time.
The authors include that seterel paragraph because they want you to be able to visualize it in your mind, not without seeing the picture. If you see a mental picture, it's good at visualization.
The author sums it up this way because she means she's going to try for an entire season without thinking about going home, and because she failed in the winter, she's going to try again in the spring. Oh, and you can tell that by seeing how she's talking about how plants remind her of how life was before they moved to the city. For example, when she smelled the plants, it almost took her back to when she was a child, they were savage and they were beautiful.
Author @CAPS1 Ho's "Winter Hibiscus" story ends, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring that when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, I'll take that test again". The author does this as a symbol of hope for readers. So it's not just an ending where you never know what's going to happen, it gives you something to retweet. Also, when the geese do come back, when the weather is warm and the hibiscus is in full bloom, Saeng will be more comfortable because she has gotten used to life in a new place and has met more people. Meanwhile, the blooming hibiscus will bring back fond memories of her youth and life in her hometown. This will help Saeng achieve her goal of passing the exam. I also believe the author ends the story with that passage because it makes people want to read it again or recommend the story to others. I know I hate reading stories that just don't tell you what's going to happen next. However, the author addresses this by letting readers know that Saeng wants to pass the test and is going to go back and try again.
The last paragraph of "Winter Hibiscus" wrote: "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." The author ends this sentence in order to Let readers know that Saeng has hope and will continue to adapt to her new settlement in @LOCATION2 @CAPS1. In the story, Saeng realizes that her home in Vietnam is not as far away as she thought. In the flower shop, she sees "the value of plants she didn't even realize she already knew but had forgotten about that brought her back to her childhood." The plants she grew up with also exist on @LOCATION2. After crying and homesick, she bought a winter hibiscus and failed the "test". At the end of the story, she realizes that she is getting used to her new life, "almost familiar to her now", such as the geese flying overhead. The meaning of the last paragraph is that in spring, she hopes to stop being homesick and take @LOCATION2, which has geese and winter hibiscus, as her home.
The author ends the story this way to show Saeng's newfound determination. The whole story is about Saeng's one afternoon journey to accept her new home, so it seems fitting that Saeng is determined to pass her driving test and live in @LOCATION1. The story recounts the few things Saeng finds that make her feel at home. "Sharp bitter gourd and hibiscus. These @CAPS1 made Saeng feel at home and ended with Saeng accepting that she would stay at @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 was also inspired by hibiscus, which is "strong enough to survive the cold" Month, that's all that matters. " It shows Saeng's determination to live her new life. In the end, Saeng the goose realizes that @LOCATION1's life is becoming 'familiar'. These geese make @PERSON1 realize that this is her new home and she can't go back. The whole story is full of The above three events led to @CAPS2's determination, so it's fitting to end the story with her determination.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that a new beginning is beginning such as the fact that they moved to another country. This is what the author meant when spring came. Spring represents a new life, which is exactly what Saeng and her mother are doing. Snow also represents the void of past/hard times. Last but not least, when a hibiscus starts to sprout, it also means a new beginning. So if you put them together, when the snow melts, the hard times will pass and there will be a fresh start when spring starts and buds. That's why the writer put this paragraph in the story because they need a fresh start.
Their authors have concluded that this sentence is a cocluding sentence because saeng believes she should have another chance to take the garden test because she failed the test before letting her mother down on her. What Saeng said at the end of the story was that she would feel more confident about doing the garden test again.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it's the end of winter.
The author might end the story this way because it creates a sense of hope and wonder. I feel like the story is essentially about what's to come. For example, Saeng took a driving test but failed. At the thought of "home", she also seemed a little overwhelmed. Saeng clearly cares about failing the exam, otherwise she wouldn't take the time to think about it, which leads her to the greenhouse. In the greenhouse, she was looking for a specific plant to buy, which reminded her of home. The thought of home and her grandmother upset her. Saeng almost had this kind of internal war with himself, and the author ends the story in such a way that the reader has a sense of hope and wonder about Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that she doesn't give up easily after one failure. This passage also shows that she is loving the country as much as she can, and she is looking forward to the spring hibiscus blooms that will remind her of home and her new life at @LOCATION1.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng failed to get a certain plant because it died, but winter is over and spring is her chance to get that flower. For example, in the story, Saeng breaks down and weeps. It was already dusk when Saeng got home. It wasn't her fault, because in the story, it said the wind blew even more and blew away the last word of the greens and endive weeds. The conclusion is because this will be the next time you see Saeng holding a beautiful plant in his hands again.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph @CAPS1 Carter Saeng wants to finish or @CAPS2 restart the test when they come back and the author is @CAPS3 people @CAPS4't give up what you are doing yourself and she said "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is budding, I'll take that test again," by which she means she won't give up at all.
The author ends the story with this sentence, because Saeng is going to retake the exam in the spring, and her hibiscus will finally sprout. Saeng will retake the exam because she failed the exam at @CAPS1. So the author put this sentence at the end of the story.
The author writes this passage at the end of the story, symbolizing a new beginning. I think it's because spring is here and when the hibiscus is in bloom, it will remind her of her hometown and she'll start over in exams.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng vows to retake the exam in the spring, and will have more confidence when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts. "A sense of loss that was so deep and intense stinged Saeng's eyes and now is sweeping over her." Saeng felt lonely because she came from a different country and missed everything she knew and loved. Now she has Hibiscus, which reminds her of home.
The author ends her story with this paragraph to show that she has gone through thoughts and processes as she learns and grows. At first, SaenG was very upset and disappointed with himself. "I failed the test," saeng said. "For a while, Mrs. Pan Oufon didn't say anything." At first you could tell the mother was disappointed, then as they spoke, it was planting relief. "Would you like an omelet with sliced bitter gourd?" "I like it," saeng said. Her mood is now lightened and she is making a calm collective decision to try again, a reasonable decision when she is in a good mood and not down and upset.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", it has an unusual ending. There are many reasons why the author decided to end the story this way. First, the girl fails the test that puts her into silence, and when he agrees to be tested, it's a sigh of will to survive, showing that she's trying to achieve her goal until she gets it. In the end, the ending may represent a new beginning, like when the snow melts and turns winter into spring. This is the ending of "Winter Hibiscus", and it is also the reason why the author sums it up like this.
The author ends with this sentence because it shows that Saeng will struggle to adjust to her new home. He lets you know that Saeng won't be sad and sad anymore, but she will adapt and move on with her life. The authors added: "I mean, not like the kind we have in -at-". This is when Saeng first came home to talk to her mother, she was sad because she was reminded of old memories back home, but by adding the last sentence of the story, it shows that Saeng decided to move on with her life and not be sad anymore. She set the goal of accepting it. That's why the author ends the story the way he did.
The author ends the story with that passage because he tries to tell us that Hibiscus represents a comfort in Saeng's disappointment. She saw this plant when she had just passed her driving test.
The author uses the conclusion to summarize the story, or to get the reader thinking. In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author used the following conclusion: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will try again. Once" he used this conclusion to show that she would fit into the culture. For example, when she cried in the garden shop, it was written "In the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and went". Could cut down on her crying because she's used to it here, but since she didn't pass her exam, she doesn't think she's going to. So she motivates herself to try again at the end of the story. In conclusion, the author uses that passage to indicate that Saeng will take the exam again so that she can adapt to this new world.
Why the author summed it up because the author wanted to show her that she would not give up. She will take the test again, work harder next time to overcome the challenge, and don't give up. The author wants to tell her that she is not a quitter and that she is full of determination even when there are contradictions.
Why does the author end the story with this paragraph? I believe the writer summed up that paragraph because it told her what to do in the future. In the story, for example, she tells her mother "I failed..." A flock of geese was flying, heading south, when she put the flowers in the hole on the edge of the garden.
The writer ends the story with that paragraph because she wants to try again. So when she says "then I'll take the test again" it means she knows she has another chance. It shows that she is strong-willed and will not give up easily. So what she's saying in the last paragraph is if you don't succeed the first time, try again. In the story it says: "She realized that many of the things she had previously thought strange had become through quiet repetition season after season". In that part I can say she has started to change. So I think next time she will do well.
I think the writer chose to end the story his way because it showed determination to pass the test. The test is to be able to make the garden grow. You know it because it says "In spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I'm going to take that test again." Which suggests she looks related to spring and sprouting. Flowers and she is trying to grow something. In the story, they mention that she was helping her mother in the garden. So I figured when the plants didn't grow, she wanted to try again. That's why I think they chose to state that they were taking the test again in the spring.
The author uses this passage because it is reminiscent of Saeng laying down dirt during "Winter Hibiscus" and a flock of Canada geese fly past her. When Saeng failed her first exam, she was afraid to look at her mother. She relied on hibiscus for help or wanting to retake the exam, but not until they sprouted again.
The authors end the story with this paragraph to summarize everything they talked about in the story. In the story, they talk about spring, now Saeng and her mother plant flowers and everything.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph to show that she won't give up if they don't. I think this is because birds and hibiscus are only harvested if they survive. That means they'll stay strong in the meantime, just like her. She will survive her new environment and change to fit @CAPS1's style of life.
I think the author ends the story his way because it makes people not want to read the next story to see if the test passes it adds suspense to the story
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it represents San's decision to try again and overcome the obstacles in her path. Use it instead of her saying "I'll try again next spring" to phrase and express her goals or decisions differently, e.g. it says "almost reluctantly, she realizes many things she had thought What used to be unfamiliar has become, through quiet repetition season after season, it's almost familiar now." At first, the geese flying in the sky were unfamiliar to her, but now she's used to it. Maybe the author is referencing the goose because it will be familiar (driving test) and she will pass as she is used to and familiar with the goose. Since her family came to @LOCATION1 from Vietnam, she has been adapting to changes in life and circumstances. However, Saeng seems determined to survive and overcome it. This paragraph just says that she will take the test again next spring, but the author put that paragraph there to show the wording, emphasizing the goose, which stands for learning something new, and the hibiscus, which stands for the familiar. It underscores the point of the story, which is the will to not give up and survive.
The author loves @CAPS1 plants so after every winter her @CAPS2 sees if she can grow and grow beautiful plants. Spring @ORGANIZATION1 is the only one @ORGANIZATION1 where you can grow one of these plants just like her. Her test is to grow a garden of beautiful plants and vegetables. The author will work as hard as her mother, especially after winter, to bring the garden to life.
The author ends the story with this sentence. He's talking about beauty being a nutura thing. He also thinks that sense Saeng likes nutura so much that she will go back to school to finish her exams, when she can go back to the garden to take care of the plants. That's why I think the author decided to end it with that paragraph that might describe how much he loves nature.
In He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus", the author uses that paragraph to end the story, symbolizing a new beginning. The story recounts the failure and shame Saeng felt when she failed her driving test, and how finding the familiar hibiscus plant brought her back to life. By purchasing hibiscus, Saeng is reminded of her home and gives that hibiscus a new, unfamiliar place to thrive, just like her. She is able to connect with plants. Spring symbolizes the beginning of a new year, and budding hibiscus represents the beginning of a new life, so Saeng wants to start her life all over again when the plant starts anew and takes her driving test again.
The author ends the story with this passage, because the symbolic meaning of this passage tells us that when everything returns to normal, "the geese have returned, this hibiscus has sprouted, and I have to take the test again." This means she will be willing to move again and try to fit in.
The author ends the story with a retake that shows that Saeng is getting more and more used to @LOCATION2, our memories are forever and even the smallest things can become our memories. This paragraph shows that Saeng is getting used to @LOCATION2, shows us that she will not give up @LOCATION2, she will continue to work hard to understand our customs. The last paragraph also shows that our memories will live on forever through the hibiscus, which represents Vietnam and her home there. It also shows that she can start a new life here, just as Fleur did at her home. The last paragraph shows that even the smallest things can preserve our memory through the hibiscus that represents her home in Vietnam. Hibiscus brings many memories to Saeng and helps her cope with @LOCATION2. This is how the last paragraph shows us that Saeng is getting used to @LOCATION2, our memories are forever and the smallest things can hold memories.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", author @PERSON1, a teenage girl; Saeng and her family moved from Vietnam to the United States. Saeng walked home after failing a driving test and passed a familiar plant. Then she goes to the flower shop to buy plants. She came home and told her mother that she failed the test, her mother was of course not happy, but she made dinner and planted "winter hibiscus" at the end of the story, Saeng said to herself, "When they come back, spring , when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus flower starts to sprout, I'll take the test again." I think Saeng said she'll retake the test in the spring because she's now confident and happy with the plants she has, and she Mom wasn't mad at her either. She felt that everything would be fine and she could retake her exams in the spring, when life was blooming.
The author ends the story with this sentence because it shows that the goose gets inspiration from the flower, come back, try again, and don't give up. For example, Saeng swore to herself: "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I'll take that test again." This statement suggests that hibiscus is the reason for her determination. And she will come back, just like them. That's why the writer decided to end the story with that sentence, because she wanted to show Saeng to be inspired, not to give up.
In He Minfang's short story "Winter Hibiscus", I think the author ends with this paragraph because it shows her determination to pass. "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to herself that in spring, when the snow melted, the geese returned, and the hibiscus sprouted, I would take the test again." This shows her determination, because the geese migrate every year, and the flowers Flowers every year. She will keep coming back like goose and hibiscus. She will make up her mind to pass the exam and get used to it sooner or later. If she doesn't make up her mind, she may never get through and fit into her new society.
It is believed that the author ended the story with this sentence to express how she emotionally overcame obstacles, Hibiscus is hope for the future. At the beginning of the story, saeng is frustrated by failing to pass her driving test, and she is also frustrated by seeing native plants in her hometown. "The story says," she walked over to Furong, reaching out and gently stroking a petal. In addition to this, it is another friend, a small shrub. "This quote shows how these plants remind her of her hometown, she misses her so much and is very important to her. Bringing this plant back to her home is like she brought back a small part of her hometown." This famous quote:- "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. "It's a big turning point for Saeng to show her hope in her life again. Life will make her happier in @LOCATION1, which is why she ends the story with this quote.
The author ends the story this way because she is not ready to move on with her life. When everything changed back, she would take that test and move on. But she won't worry about school until all her flowers are gone. For example, she wrote: "Almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things she had thought strange before, after quiet season after season, were now almost familiar to her. Like a goose." This means She was used to the change and accepted the situation.
I think the author ends the story with this sentence because the snow doesn't melt in spring, the geese don't come back in winter, and the hibiscus doesn't sprout until spring. Hibiscus is a beautiful plant that Saeng loves.
The whole story of Saeng buying Seremban was in response to her failing driving test. It broke her heart. She wanted to remind her of her hometown where she didn't read books in past driving lessons. So she went to the greenhouse to find plants that were similar to those she used to grow in her hometown. She did this to make herself feel better, but "in the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and cried." Saeng felt like she had failed, and the hibiscus flowers gave her hope and memories of her homeland. When she wasn't yelling at Saeng, her mom clearly saw and understood this because she spent @NUM1 dollars on the factory. "I'm glad you got it," Saeng's mother said, because she knew it would comfort her daughter. Plant hibiscus together. In doing so, they planted hope for Saeng to grow, not only to pass his driving test, but also to succeed in his new country. *The story ends with these lines because Saeng decides if Hibiscus will grow up, so will she. She will be ready to face her driving test with hope and support as she adapts. *Hibiscus, although not the one she had in the old country, she knew that they could adapt to their surroundings, so the plants did in the new country as well. If the plant can adapt, it will grow. If Saeng adjusts to this new country, she can grow.
The author tries to convey that Saeng will never give up and her confidence will grow so that she can retake the exam like a spring hibiscus. Comparing Saeng to the hibiscus plant in the previous paragraph is to show how she will grow and take the test again in due course. The melting snow represents her grief is dissipating as the sun shows how she will succeed and grow like the hibiscus plant she bought. Plants growing in the sun represent her confidence for the next exam, shrugging off the cold light snow, like her negative self-esteem and attitude. The author chose to compare Saeng to the plant in the previous paragraph to illustrate how it relates to her life and attitude, and how her life will be changed by the hibiscus plant.
The author ends her story with this paragraph because it truly shows Saeng's heart and perseverance. It also tells a lot about her Carter and ends it on a strong note. That's why she ends the story her way.
When the snow melts and the geese return, it means spring is coming.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the author feels she is ready for the new test. After walking home after failing her liner driver exam, she saw a familiar plant, the article wrote. Later, she went to the flower shop to see if she could buy the plant. She will take the exam again because she feels confident to pass the exam next time.
The author concludes this quote because she wanted to show the courage of girls to immigrate to @LOCATION1. After failing her driver's test, Saeng feels deaf and worthless. Her mother thought about it and wasn't mad at her for buying flowers. In fact, she decides to plant the flower to show Saeng that everything will be alright in the end. When Saeng started seeing her mother do this, she became determined and took over to plant the flower for her mother. Immigrating to a new country is difficult and many immigrants face problems every day. Saeng's mother is planting in the cold, trying to make the most of her situation. By setting this example, Saeng realized that she too could make the most of her situation. That's why in the end Saeng decides to take her driving test again and ends up living with her mother's attitude.
They can compare the story and this statement to each other because in the story there is no giving up and the same thing is not giving up even if they take the test again because they take the exam again.
The author hopes to end the story with that paragraph. The authors concluded that during this time, Saeng would overcome the failure and be ready for the second test. In the text, it says how Saeng realizes that many of the things she used to think strange have become almost familiar, which is an improvement.
Minfong Ho ends the story with this paragraph to show saeng's inner change and attitude towards @LOCATION1's new life in spring, symbolizing rebirth, the author inadvertently did not include this. Spring will be the time for saeng to be reborn, to take her exams at @LOCATION1 and start her new life again. "When the snow melts" is included because winter symbolizes death, and when the snow melts, the saeng is terrified.
Would you not be in the spring when the snow melts and the grass isn't pretty and it's a muddy grass for pigs who like to be in the mud now, how about that? good life
The author chose to end the last paragraph with a story to show that she did not give up. This shows that she is not giving up because it says "Head...goose...horn...now familiar with Saeng (penultimate paragraph)." @CAPS1 When buying hibiscus, because it carries a lot of memories from home, Let her move on. Mom is still making "Bitter Gourd Sliced Omelette", which makes her math like water. @CAPS1 reminds her of home and gives her hope not to give up.
Saeng likes flowers and plants. The author ends the paragraph with a stone because it complements the story. In spring, the snow melts. Saeng is waiting for winter to pass so she can see his plants and flowers again. Saeng loves the value of plants and loves growing them. The author included that paragraph because he or she showed how Saeng fell in love with plants. She can't wait for the new winter break to end.
The author ends the story with that passage because it shows how Saeng feels connected to the plants that remind her of home. This connection is important because it shows how people find ways to cope with changes in their lives. Saeng does this by buying and growing a hibiscus plant so she can see it and think of home. She also bought the plant to motivate her to take the test that failed again when it bloomed in the spring.
Because she's confused and hasn't come back to the country yet, she can focus on exams after the flowers bloom because she feels more like home and she thinks she'll do better in exams
The author ended the story with this paragraph, because the hibiscus gave her comfort, she said, "When they come back in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again." Since the writer didn't pass the test in the story, she'd be comfortable when Fleur reappeared after the snow season.
The author concludes by saying that when the goose returns in the spring, she will try to pass the test. So, if you don't succeed at first, try again. Also, the author concludes that Saeng has been with @LOCATION2 for a few years and she still misses her home in Vietnam.
She thinks she'll pass the test because in the spring, because everything comes back to life, the flowers start to grow again, the trees start to turn green, and everything starts to turn green. The geese are returning, the animals are starting to come out, and people are going to the beach to distract themselves, which may be It's what she doesn't want to do.
The author probably ends the story with this sentence, as she has renewed hope. She was very upset because she didn't pass the driving test and was even more excited when she saw the hibiscus because she missed her home, but when she finished planting the flowers and saw the geese, she decided she was going to try to retake the test next spring .
The author ends the story with "Spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", showing Sang's growth. After another year, Saeng will be more attuned to her environment and ready to start over, just like all plants will bloom and sprout. Failing the driver test really upset Saeng, so wait another year and she can practice more and get better so when she goes back to retest, she will be a better driver and have time to practice , then start over. It's almost a new beginning for Saeng, another year has passed, and when the plants she's familiar with sprout and start anew, so will she. Since Saeng is familiar with the hibiscus plant, she is better able to bond with it, and as it sprouts and starts fresh, so does Saeng. In conclusion, this is why the author ends the story with this sentence.
I think the writer included this part in the story because it makes the goose come home after the snow melts and San tries to take her exam again at that time.
In He Minfeng's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends with "Wait for them to return, the spring snow melts the wild goose, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will test again". Saeng is ready to adapt, but it still takes time. Throughout the story, Saeng has struggled to overcome moving from home to an unfamiliar place hundreds of miles away. However, Saeng is not ready to leave her home. So she's trying to keep her memory from her past, just at @LOCATION1, it's all different. When she bought her a familiar plant, she realized even it was different in @LOCATION1 and got mad that it wasn't what she expected. At the end of the story, however, she realizes that being different isn't always that bad, and vows to try and embrace the new culture, but it's still a long time before she's fully prepared.
The author ends the story with a closing paragraph like this, because she will try again when spring returns. When I read the story, it said her mother asked her "what happened". Saeng said "I-I didn't pass the test". So I predict her mother will help her more with her studies and gardening. When the snow melts, Saeng swears to herself that this time she will work harder and pass the exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because that's when she's going to take the exam again. It was also because Dayan made her understand that many things that she thought strange before became familiar now. Just like a goose. This is a quiet repetition through season after season.
She ends with that paragraph because it starts all over again. When the goose comes back and the hibiscus is budding, it's like starting over, and she can try again, dealing with her memories of her hometown and adjusting to her new country. I think she'll be able to handle it better and accept it again, which shows she won't give up.
She said it was because she was not able to feed the tropical plant. She was disappointed in herself, that's why she said that. In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts. Then I will test again. When she fails and her mom says it's okay, you can always try again.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph because she is telling the reader and herself that, in my opinion, she is working in the garden again to see if it piques her interest. I believe the author is trying to express this because at the beginning of the story the author has no interest in the garden or the world around her. For example, she went and bought herself a Big Mac with some of her mother's money when she was supposed to only buy seeds for the garden. So all in all, I believe what I've written makes clear how the author feels and why she ends their stories the way she does.
The author said, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that when the spring flowers bloom, the geese come back, and the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again." Because Saeng failed the test. From before to now, she wanted to pass the exam, and she learned a lot from her mother that day, which completely changed her attitude towards life.
The author might end the story with this sentence to show that she still cares about testing and not primarily concerned with a humble plant that will die anyway. Also because she needs to pass the test, and the author is trying to get the girl to finally pass the test without having to retake the test. But he/she also told us because he/she wanted us to know that it's not about the other expensive things in life, but school is actually more important than anything.
The reason why the author He Minfeng was able to complete the story of "Winter Lotus" in the last paragraph was because the girl in the story went out for the exam. In this test, which I don't know what the test is, she failed and returned with a saebba hedge. This is a home tame plant. The family loves this plant. They are what I know from the story, newcomers to a country. Country is @LOCATION1. They moved here from Vietnam. She went to take a driving test, but went home and failed. One of the things her mom asked was, "Why are you paying so much for this beautiful plant when you can have the famous Bee Mag?" Here's what moms try to say about their favorite fast-food sandwich, the Big Mac . But the reason the daughter came back with the plant was because her parents failed the driving test. She wanted to go back and try again. "The snow melts, the wild goose returns, the hibiscus sprouted, then I'll come back for the test." She believed that the next time she went, she would pass the test, and she would not be ashamed for it. She would make her parents feel bad for passing the test. Proud because it's a great honor for the family, I believe, from what I get from it. In Vietnam, not many people drive and they expect their daughters to earn this, which they don't have.
It's clear that Saeng is struggling with homesickness after recently moving from Vietnam. But over time, she will learn to balance her feelings for her new country and homeland. As Saeng progresses through the story, it's clear that she longs for memories of her hometown, but also begins to find new pleasures in her new home. For example, when she is moved by the memories evoked by hibiscus, she is interested in new experiences like eating big @CAPS1 and making new friends. While homesickness makes her struggle, she knows that over time she will be able to overcome the obstacles of leaving the old path and turning to the new one without completely obliterating it. She is confident that by spring, she will be able to overcome this obstacle and have the confidence to pursue whatever problems come her way in the future.
The author ends the story with a Saeng vowel to show Saeng's sense of change. As Saeng's mother said, winter is cruel, but spring is the time when things come back to life. I think in Saeng showing that feeling. While winters are tough, you @MONTH1 let them be blown by the wind. When spring comes, she will try again to test and rejuvenate and enjoy @LOCATION1 even when she is away from the rain. The author did the right thing to end the story with that vowel.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he is trying to say that whenever something leaves their home, they always come back. Hibiscus reminded her of home, the place she wanted to go. Saeng failed the driver's license test and she said I'll do it again when the goose comes back. The plant reminded her of home, but it was "not like it used to be" (Ho). She wants to say that the people over there in Vietnam are better and she wants to go back because she misses it.
Saeng is talking about spring flowers. She vowed to take the exam again after the snow disappeared and she would take it again. "The wind was blowing even harder, tearing the last green leaves off the growing chicory weeds." So she can't wait for spring. So she can try replanting.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it's saying that she does everything when it all goes the Beet's way, so now it's not the same as it used to be, and she wants them to.
The young girl Saeng seems to be very attached to nature, as she said, enjoying nature when spring comes, a new natural start, and she will be motivated to take the exam that fails again. The author probably ends with this paragraph to show that there is hope for Saeng, who will do everything in her power to live comfortably in her new home country. The whole story is about how she's still not happy with her new home, but it will be cut in and have new opportunities and a new life, and they use spring to prove it.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that at this point she might be happy with her new home. I know this because I didn't like it when I moved because I didn't have a lot of friends, but in a year or two I was fine because I had a lot of friends. It's like Saeng because she misses her old home because she keeps talking about it and then weeps, for example, when she sees the plant is the one she has in her hometown, she starts to cry because she misses it. Anyway, that's why he put it at the end of the story.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author added an important part of Sheng's oath at the end. She said that because when everything in her life started over, she would love her life again and she would be a happier person.
Author in @LOCATION1 This is because it shows what her failure is going to do and this story is what she had to get from the goose
I believe the author chose to end with that paragraph because it represents a new beginning and a fresh start. When Saeng fails her driving test, she has a moment of weakness, she feels lonely, and then she sees a plant that reminds her of her home in Vietnam. Since then, plants have comforted her. "Its flower is not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get it through the cold months here" In this sentence, Saeng's mother tells her that the flower is also very inappropriate, but still finds the courage to keep growing and determination. In the final paragraph, Saeng decides that, like flowers and birds, she too can find the courage to face her fears. She decided to retake the test.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends this paragraph to show that she will not give up, and to show her mother that.
I believe the author is talking about a new beginning. I say this because everything is coming back. I say this because Saeng now knows what's important and will take it seriously. This is what I think the author is saying at the end of the story.
In "Winter Hibiscus" written by He Minfang, a little girl and her mother go to a new place, and her daughter Sang is having a hard time. San finds a plant called dok faeng-noi that reminds her of home. So she bought it and took it home to show her mother for dinner. Saeng planted beautiful plants and told herself that when the geese returned, the hibiscus flower sprouted, and she would retake the test in spring. She found strength in herself and the courage to do better. I think the author wanted to show at the end of the article how she gained respect for herself. That's why the author ended it like she did.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because that's what the whole story is about. This is about how Saeng got homesick and submitted for testing when he bought hibiscus. Saeng failed the test because she bought hibiscus. She made herself lace, reminded of her home. It made her sad. In the last paragraph, she said that when the goose came back in spring, she would get used to the new country and hometown and would not fail the exam. If she is tempted by something in the house, she won't accept it because it will make her sad. The author ends the story with this paragraph because it is the main idea of the story. It shows she's used to her new home
In He Minfeng's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author used that paragraph to summarize the story. The author uses it to make readers want to know too.
The author concludes: "When they come back, Sang silently swears to herself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again" to show that even though she failed the exam, She didn't give up, she would persevere and keep trying. This ending shows the determination in Saeng's heart. Saeng is determined enough to keep going, even if she doesn't pass the exam, she doesn't let her grandmother keep trying and keep trying to accomplish tasks for her grandmother and herself. I really like this ending and I'm glad the writer decided to use it in the story.
Failing to pass the driver's test really upset Saeng. Not only that, but she had to move to a new country, and losing her grandmother really made things worse. The hibiscus plant in this story is like a symbol. It represented her life and reminded her of someone in Vietnam. The way she remembers shows how she feels when she sees the flowers. It's all about starting new and overcoming obstacles. When she says, "...this hibiscus is sprouting, then I'll do another test", it's a sign that she's starting over and going through the hard times that winter is symbolizing. It is a symbol of herself and the difficulties she will overcome.
In the story, the author concludes the story in the last paragraph because even in her hardships he shows it. Saeng continued trying to live a normal life after having to move. For example, when it says "Saeng silently swore to himself in the spring that I would take the exam again". This shows that even after a failure, you shouldn't give up, but don't forget the past.
He Minfang, the author of the story "Winter Hibiscus", ends the story with a meaningful paragraph. "When they come back...in the spring...then I'll take the test again," the author wrote. (no). Saeng thought about it and said that she would move on in the spring. It also shows that Saeng can overcome the failed test. The narrative also says, "...in the spring...when...the hibiscus is sprouting..." (No). The spring season signifies the beginning of something new and fresh. When a flower sprouts, it begins a new life. When Saeng decided to take the exam in the spring, she also started over. In the end, it shows that Saeng can adapt to her new life by buying familiar plants. Fleur helped her through a disappointing time. Goose is also a reminder that some things are the same at home. Minfong Ho ends the story with this quote to emphasize Saeng's adaptation.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she wants to tell people that she will take the test again and try. She'll be like a flower, but she'll need time, so when they sprout she will.
In @CAPS1 Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", the story ends with Saeng promising herself that she will take the exam again in the spring. The author most likely ends this way as it shows how Saeng overcomes her grief test in Spring Fleur at @LOCATION1. It made her sadder even more when Saeng said "I failed the test (@NUM1) which indicated that @CAPS2 left her hometown, but she then assured herself that @LOCATION1 she would try again when the spring blooms. When she Say to yourself "...in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I'll take that test again. "(pg @NUM2) This shows that she has overcome her grief and become determined and looking forward to taking the test again.
The author said, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself, until spring, until the snow melts, and when the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." The author did this to show how Saeng can slowly adapt to change without forgetting where she came from. This is indicated by using the symbols of goose and hibiscus together. Goose represents a new home, and Saeng has to get used to these sounds. And Hibiscus represents her ancient memory of the past and her homeland. Putting these symbols together shows that she has embraced both places. With @CAPS1 she will be taking the exam again in the spring which shows how she will be ready for change as the exam represents how she feels about @LOCATION1 and by passing the exam she allows herself to pass @LOCATION1 and adapt to change her life.
They used it because she wanted to see the buds and feel like she was home again. Then she will take the exam. She'll also feel lucky and have memories of home, so saeng silently swears to herself.
The author ends the story with one sentence, "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself in the spring that when the snow melted and the geese came back and this hibiscus was sprouting, I would take that test again". This story tells us most of the hard times and obstacles that Saeng had to go through. The two big characters in the story have moved to a new place. The author ends the story with one sentence, "When they returned, Sann silently swore to himself spring, when the snow melted and the geese returned, and this hibiscus was sprouting. , and then I'll take that test again. This story tells us most of the hard times and what hindered Saeng had to go through. The two main people in this story are moving to a new place and have failed her entrance exam .Saeng has a hard time getting over these events and others. So I think this sentence is put at the end so the reader can see that everything is going to be alright and get over everything that happens. Knowing that we know this particular plant will Help Saeng's future problems.e, and failed her arrival test. Saeng had a hard time getting over these events and others. So I think this sentence is put at the end so that the reader can see that it will be alright, overcoming what happens Everything we know about this particular plant will help Saeng solve future problems.
After reading the story about "Winter Hibiscus" through He Minfeng, I believe the post "When they come back, Yongsheng silently swears to himself in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The stories put in are there for a reason. I think that sentence sums up the story because it's ashamed of the tone and feel of hope. For example, in the story it states, "Eternal life created a big hole, carefully lowered the factory into it". This shows that the factory area is a lot here. The story told by readOn, it's something lacking in grandma's memories. It represents hope for immortality, as it always brings back fond memories, and she has had the better of pushing here to work hard to overcome loss. Hence the conclusion of the post as it is a story of hope and peace about the will of immortality. It represents the newfound meaning of hope and happiness when the plant blooms in spring.
He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus" is a story about the transition to @LOCATION1 and her own ability to be strong. Saeng failed his driving test and came home disappointed. She stopped at a flower shop because she saw a plant that she thought was like the one she had at home. Seeing this plant again reminded her of her hometown. When she got home, she planted it and vowed to take her driving test again. When the goose comes back. The plant was like an encouragement to her.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the story is about something she's used to repeating in nature, so she adds in the last paragraph that she'll do the same thing when it happens again. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
I think athor includes this because. She has failed and needs more time to learn to get something like @NUM1 instead of that damn new thing
The author ends the story with this sentence, indicating that Saeng's hope has been restored. Throughout the story, Saeng is sad and misses her home. In this new land, she feels hopeless, and Fleur reminds her of home, and it also brings back memories of being at home with her grandmother, which makes her want to go home. The author added the part where the geese leave because they also have to leave the house. Hibiscus symbolizes her strength, and she will move through to unfamiliar lands.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng won't give up and will keep trying. In the story, all her memories of her hometown encourage her to be strong. For example, this flower made her sad, but in the end it made her better. Also at first she doesn't like the new changes, she misses her hometown, but in the end some of the same memories of her hometown are in her new country. That's why I believe the author ends the story with that paragraph
In He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus", I believe the author ends the story with that passage because it shows that if the hibiscus plant has enough strength to revive it, it's better than if she has enough strength to revive it again. Give it a try. . For example, in the story it says "but it's strong enough to get through the colder months." This statement suggests that the hibiscus plant is strong. Saeng believes the plants are strong enough to return after a cold winter, rather than returning to the test after a failure. Overall, I think both Saeng and Hibiscus plants are strong.
In this story, it's about the similarities between Saeng and Hibiscus plants in terms of adapting to their surroundings, and how she and the plants will continue to be "tested" like Saeng. But I know this because it says "then I'll take that test again" what she's saying is she said she'll thrive again like a hibiscus plant. So all in all, she's really like this plant and will live on for many seasons to come and will adapt to change like hibiscus.
The author ends the story in the last paragraph, because spring is here, the geese are back, and Shelly feels good about herself, so she can go to the exam again and focus more on the exam.
In @CAPS1 Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with that paragraph because it complements the story. In the story, Saeng goes looking for pants that remind her of her grandmother. She found the plant, and then she remembered her grandmother, and she cried. I think she was testing herself to see if she could get on with her life, but she failed. So I think she bought the plant so she could try it again when the plant blooms.
He wants to learn hibiscus essence. Don't be afraid of the fare. You just stay ahead and keep learning what you want and you'll be successful. Live as strong as hibiscus: grappling with the environment. Therefore, the author summarizes this paragraph, the purpose is that Sonn will do this test again, just like the hibiscus flower in spring will sprout
When they returned, Saeng silently swore to himself that the hibiscus was sprouting in spring. She will take the test. I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph because she wanted to test them again.
That's how the author ends the story because that's how she started it. The little girl starts out looking at flowers, so the writer thinks it's a good thing to end the story like it started. Also because of Saeng's friendship with plants and flowers will come back again in spring when everything is in full bloom and looks so beautiful. This shows that the plant gives her a sense of comfort when she's going through tough times. That's why the author ends with Saeng and the plant.
In "Winter Hibiscus" by @CAPS1 Ho, the author ends the story with a meaningful paragraph. The author tries to convey a message to saeng. When saeng saw the goose "slowly disappearing into the distance", she thought of herself. "When they come back" Saeng will also go back to school. "The goose is back, this hibiscus is sprouting" means that saeng will go back to school and become a new person. "This hibiscus is sprouting" means that the saeng is still growing, just like the hibiscus. Then she'll take that exam again" because it's a new beginning for her, a new beginning. Spring is an archetype of rebirth and new life. Because flowers will grow and have new life, so will be born.
Saeng swore to herself that when the hibiscus started to sprout again, she would take the exam again. Hibiscus symbolizes hope that things can be tried again. She ends the story with an oath, as it expresses her last hope. For example, Fleur comforts her in a new country, in a new environment, but it also explains her feelings. Despite the first fall, she vowed not to give up. For example, “Saeng felt a strong sense of identification, almost from the heart” (Ho). This quote explains what plants mean to her. That's why she ends the story with an oath.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's determination. Her family left a lot in Vietnam. She remembered her grandmother and Fleur. edge. In @LOCATION2, they are struggling and, as the mother's response suggests, paying a price. The hibiscus she bought was to comfort her. She thinks that if the factory can endure the harsh winter conditions, she can do it despite @LOCATION2 differences, and passing a driver's test is something many people do and a way of acclimatizing/adapting to their surroundings.
The author ends the story with this sentence because it shows the girl's willingness to overcome obstacles, although she @MONTH1 fails once she keeps trying, it also shows the connection between Goose and Fleur and the girl who wants to overcome her obstacles . The girl also wants to overcome her obstacles at some point.
In the last paragraph, she says she's going to take the exam again, but in spring when all the snow has melted and the hibiscus buds. She said it was because it was her favorite time of the year. So she will be more confident at that time. For example, when she talks about manigascar hibiscus growing through bricks, she loves hibiscus. So she wants to take the test when she feels her best.
I believe that the author ends the story with that paragraph to let readers know that Saeng is a survivor like Furong. Saeng is not yet used to the United States and feels that this plant reminds her of home
The author ends with this, because spring is a new beginning. Since Saeng failed the test, she wanted to start over in spring like a flower. Know that the hibiscus will grow back, although it is dying now. The arrival of spring is the time to start a new beginning, a baby is born, flowers are blooming, a new beginning is taking shape
Closing the sentence this way is because they are trying to show that Saeng is a very determined girl, no matter how many times she fails, she always tries again and again to tell her what was right. By doing so, the author demonstrates Saeng's belief that no matter how big or difficult the challenge is, she will continue to tell her that she's done what she started. Because moving was very difficult for her. She had a hard time connecting with people and just really wanted to make friends because new things weren't always easy, and by moving, she revisited things because they were different to her. But over time, she got the hang of it, as long as you try, you can succeed, which is what the author meant by trying to end it that way.
In the story, a young girl named saeng takes an exam, but she falls. She is going to retake the exam next spring, so the last paragraph says; when she came back, Saeng silently swore to herself that in spring, the mother snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I have to take the exam again, and the author ends the story with this ending @CAPS1 is the hibiscus in the story it tells because she failed the test and said she will retake next spring and they say when the hibiscus blooms @CAPS1 it will be spring then.
The author ends the story in this way to let the readers know that the daughter saeng will come back to take the exam again and she loves the garden so she will not forget what spring has done for her.
This shows that she likes her plants. This story will tell you about all the plants and how she likes them. She thinks they are all unique, and she prefers these plants to school or anything else.
Minfong ends "Winter Hibiscus" with this paragraph because it shows that @CAPS1 is determined to succeed in her new country despite the obstacles. Winter Hibiscus reminds Saeng to be strong, just as Hibiscus endures winter or passes a driving test in Saeng's case, the text states "...but it is strong enough to survive the cold months, Hibiscus this winter. ..." (Ho @NUM1). Saeng realizes she has to be "strong" too lkie "Winter Hibiscus" Saeng also realizes that she is starting to adjust to the new country he writes "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she used to though strange have become almost familiar.. .” (Ho @NUM1). Saeng knew she could adopt and was determined to succeed. Author summary. ".. spring, the geese come back, this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again" (Ho @NUM1) "Spring" will be Saeng's
In the story, @ORGANIZATION1, by Minfong Ho, aurthe ends the story with the last paragraph as he tries to say that when the flower comes back to life and begins a new beginning, Saeng will start a new beginning by retesting. For example, "Look at its roots, poor thing". For example, the plant nearly died when she bought it. Another example is, "I failed the test". This example speaks to her mood about failing the exam. So in @CAPS1 the flower is at a "tipping point" like the saeng. This paragraph tells how @CAPS2 will rest and wait for the flower to get stronger until she takes the exam again.
The author added the last paragraph because Saeng's vows helped the reader Saeng and her pain, but she was optimistic that things would get better. I translated the vows that she will be better off in this new country when things start to get back to normal. Spring symbolizes normality, because in her home, which she considers normal, is full of beautiful flowers, just like spring. When the snow melts, the pain is gone. The return of the geese symbolizes that saeng knows things will get better, just as she knows the geese will return in the spring. The hibiscus in the story symbolizes her home and her grandmother, and symbolizes happiness, so when things get better, she will be happier.
The author ends the story with this sentence because the maiden saeng wants to take the exam again, but also wants her habiscus to stay strong and grow. So she said, when my hibiscus blooms again, I will take the test again.
Winter Fleur explores a quest to accept and adapt to change in life via @CAPS1 Ho. Eternal is young in the story of her hometown who is dealing with her recent move to America in Asia. After failing the test, immortality spends the dosene amount of money spent. When she consoltes with her mother, immortality silently swears something to herself. Immortal swears "When they come back in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, the buds of this hibiscus, then I will take that exam again." @HECAPS1 chose to end, the story this way, because this story represents the adaptation of the guests. On her own, Eternal was able to swear to herself that she had accepted America into her new foreigner home, even though she would always remember her homeland.
The author ends this paragraph in the article because ron faldse fell in love with the plant and used a clock to tell her when she could take the exam. If you are not a @CAPS1.S citizen, you can only take your driving test once a year.
The reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is because San wants to do something good for himself. I say this because in the last paragraph it says "Saeng silently swears to herself" which means she wants what's best for herself.
Saeng believes that because she failed the driving test, if she goes to find her past, she will not be able to make the transition to a new country. She found her past in plants and recalled Vietnam with deep sadness. The narrator says "A is not so deep and intense that it stings Saeng's eyes..." (No) She remembers and misses everything she had, she wanted her country, her grandmother and her life. She returns to her mother with a plant, disappointing her mother, but she understands the pain. The narrator says "It's a beautiful plant and she ends up saying sadly that you got it" (no). Eventually, Saeng realized what the plant had done to her and how easy it was to survive and made a commitment to herself. The narrator said: "This hibiscus is sprouting, so I will take the test again.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus". The author said, "When they come back, Sann silently swears to himself that until spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will try again." She thinks of the plants in her home that can end, and so can she. In the author's story after failing her driving test and walking home, seeing flowers reminds her of home and connects her to her past, making her feel less alone. For example, when the author speaks of a wave of loss so deep and intense, it stings Saeng's eyes and now sweeps over her. " It shows that she misses her home and this flower gives her a way to connect with her memories so deeply, as does when she says "like a goose with a unique V against the sky". It shows that the goose has a bit of a Like her, they are moving to a different place to start a new life. Make her feel that if they can adapt and change, she will change over time too. Anyway, the ending is to further emphasize her love of home and her The feeling of living in a new town.
The author ends the story by, for example, adapting to changes or starting over; geese fly away when it's cold, but they always come back to give their home another chance. Hibiscus is another great example that always sprouts @DATE1 but doesn't die in winter. It always returns. Saeng is clearly aware of this and has vowed to try her driver test again because this time it might work. The author tries to spread the "don't give up" message.
Determination, help, strength - all of these are the reasons why I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph. First of all, determination is @CAPS1 why Saeng would go back and take the exam again. Saeng failed her driver's test the first time, and she wanted to wait again. Shes determined to take different steps in order to pass the test. Second, I believe help is @CAPS1 the reason why the author ended up with that paragraph. Saeng needs help to pass the exam and she believes the hibiscus plant will help her pass the exam and help her with other things. The author is proving that she will go back and she will be ready. In the end, strength is why the last @CAPS1 author chose the paragraph to end the story. Saeng believed that the hibiscus plant would give her the strength to pass the test. The author left this passage to show that she would go back and she would be stranger than before. That's why I believe the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
He Mingfeng concluded in the paragraph of "Winter Hibiscus", "When they came back, Sang En silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The passage shows that Saeng won't give up the struggle to adapt to this new place. Saeng had a tough time; moving to the US didn't pass his driving test. In the greenhouse, Saeng even broke down and cried. The hibiscus flowers that Saeng bought cost the family a lot of money, but it was very important to Saeng. This flower represents hope. When the buds sprouted again, it was a good time for her to take her driver's license test. The flower also represents getting used to a new place. Saeng adapts to America and Hibiscus adapts to the new garden.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show how Saeng has changed. Saeng doesn't want to take the exam, she doesn't have confidence. In the story, saeng's mother supports her no matter what. She even understands that Saeng bought a plant for @MONEY1 because it reminds her of home. Now Saeng is comforted, she feels more relaxed, she is ready and more confident to take the exam again. So Saeng changed.
The author concludes the story "When they come back, immortality swears to themselves in silence, in the spring. When the snow melts and the geese begin to sprout, then I will take the test again." In the author's choice of this ending The things that show you need to keep faith in your heart. Eternal life is still a little homesick for the whole story. This could affect her performance on the driving test. If one waits two seasons, her homesickness will likely drift away and she will be able to focus on meeting her goals. Missing her grandmother and her home in Vietnam must have played a big role in her, whether that had anything to do with why she failed her driving test. Another reason the author may be that he wants to lighten his mood a little. Immortality broke a very melancholic feeling in the greenhouse, she swore to herself that she would take the test once, and spring would like to raise your hopes to her around.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she says she can't concentrate on taking the exam because she wants to go back to her home country.
The author ends this presumably to express the feeling that Saeng will be back again to help. So Saeng must love planting. Now that she can see what help might bring, she might help his mom with more.
In the novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with Sang's thoughts. The idea of trying to test when hibiscus starts to bud ties the story together. The story is mostly about how she finds a flower and the memories it brings. But if she passes the exam, she won't go to the store. This creates a comprehensive understanding of the test and hibiscus. This also illustrates the importance of hibiscus. Both Saeng and Hua have to adapt to survive and are out of tune. Saeng is from Vietnam and the flower is from a shop, both have moved from the new place where they belong. In some ways, Saeng is that flower. She has to adjust to her home to survive. Flowers that are cold outside have to adapt to their surroundings to survive. When she knows this flower has survived the harsh winter, she'll realize she can live in @LOCATION2. It will make her feel strong and focused.
In Winter Furong passes He Minfeng, the last segment is the test of the promise to retake her driver by the protagonist (Eternal Life), when spring comes, the bud of her Furong. The author concludes this story because it gives a sense of hope to this sad story. This shows that immortality will be all right and will move past the country she longed for her birth country. "And in the humid housing war in the greenhouse, Yongsheng couldn't help crying." Yongsheng was very sad and suffering. All the flowers remind her of the motherland. She was depressed and homesick. When she gets home, she planted hibiscus equipment in permafrost, which will be a new life and another chance to bloom in spring. This means that eternal life will not give up. He Minfeng ends up with a positive winter hibiscus for the final segment.
Why did I finally figure out this story, and I swear to myself that in spring, when the snow melts and the wild goose returns and the hibiscus blooms, I will accept that test again, in order to leave suspense. But what he means is that saeng eats all the plants, so next year she will be tested not to eat it. That's why the author ends the story with this.
The author ends the story with this sentence. For example, it gives the story a happy and happy ending.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants the reader to feel that she will achieve something because of Fleur and Goose. An example of what she accomplished with hibiscus is when the author mentions how she and her grandmother used to spend time together, doing things together, her grandmother would do her hair and put a hibiscus flower in it. The geese are also a song of achievement as she sees them flying south in the sky so they can survive the cold winter months in a warm place.
He ends this paragraph because he is telling the end of the story. The reason behind it is that people know what's going on.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, ending it with optimism. Saeng's problem is the "wave of loss" that engulfs her as she reminisces about her homeland. The whole story follows Saeng's frustrating struggle to find joy in life in a new, unfamiliar, and seemingly unwelcome country. This feeling of loss and loneliness was amplified by the test, and Saeng failed. After such a depressing story, the author ends the story with this paragraph showing @CAPS1's newfound confidence and optimism.
She ends the story with this paragraph because she wants the reader of the story, she's not willing to give up, she's willing to take the test again and pass it.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, as it shows her adjusting to her new home. Also, it ends the story so it shows the leader her last thoughts. So like it, the last thing, you think the author used this paragraph to end the theme of the story, "When they come back, in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is budding, and then I'll take that exam again ."
Their author ended the story with this paragraph because he wanted to see what people would say.
The phrase means that the snow has fallen into their garden and when the snow melts, they will have to replant everything. This is the perfect ending to end this story. The story tells how spring flowers grow and how saeng's mom grows fruits and vegetables in her garden. So now that it's snowing, they'll have some time before spring returns. Saeng has a lot of plans for next spring. The hibiscus will sprout and the geese will come back.
In the story, I think the writer ended that part with the story because Saeng said that when she comes back or the next time she sees the hibiscus blooming again, she will take the test, but until then she will feel out of place, she is useless for her now She feels uncomfortable with the living arrangements, but before that, she thinks she won't be able to do will until she's in her bloms trailer, which is horman for her .
The author ends that paragraph for showing that she will come back to a place and not break down like that, grieving what she lost and have to deal with change.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because when it snows the plants die and don't grow back until the snow melts, the geese come back, the hibiscus is sprouting, and she'll know what her garden will be like in the spring. So the author put this paragraph at the end because Saeng has been very fond of gardening since he moved to the US. The family has never been happier eating dinner and planting together since the family moved to the U.S., where they have been spending time in their planting life.
If you've ever had to leave your hometown or country, how comforting it is to have something from your old country and the country you know. Saeng has geese and plants and everything else, which is very comforting to her knowing that she can take the exam next spring. Throughout the story, it seems that everything Saeng sees in her native Vietnam somehow warms and comforts her. At the beginning of the story, it states how she feels as she walks through the greenhouse, and many times in the story, you can always "hear" that feeling of love when she refers to plants in their native language. You can always feel her love and care throughout the story. The author knows how much she loves these things, and they will encourage her. So that's why he ends the story this way.
The author ends this paragraph with a story because of the hibiscus flower pot. So Saeng will go to take the exam again, no matter she has already taken the exam and failed. She is like hibiscus. Fleur seems out of place, determined to survive when the snow melts. So she's going to take the exam again and we'll have Fleur as her revision.
The author ends the story with this passage. When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again, because the author wants readers Notice how mothers and children relate to gardening. Between the different things the author said to Saeng and Saeng's mother. He, like the author, showed a way for them to be Saeng and Saeng's mother, and I think the author's bid for the story is pretty clever. It's a rather entertaining story that keeps you guessing and wondering in your year-end seat. But I love reading that story. I also love how good friends the daughter and mother are. But it's great to see the daughter and mother bond so closely together. Also, in the process, the author shows some of his way of thinking. The author shows us his great mind and good way of thinking. This author is telling us a wonderful story about a girl and her mother, which sounds pretty good to me. This story is a gardening tale of a daughter and her mom who moved from Vietnam to @ORGANIZATION1 to spend the rest of their lives.
There may be many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph. This may be because Saeng now wants to pass the exam to make her mother happy. It could also be because for some reason she needs to be able to drive next year. Maybe it's because she spent a lot of money to keep taking it. She really likes her hibiscus though.
The author ends the story in this way to show that Saeng is a committed individual. This symbolizes that she will take the exam again when the goose comes back, because she failed when they left. The snow melts, the hibiscus sprouts, and spring blooms, usually a new beginning. The last paragraph is like a symbol of a fresh start. Saeng was upset about failing the test, saying, "I—I failed the test." Stuttering indicated she was frustrated. Because she's depressed, it's good to give it time before she takes the test again. The author ends the story with this quote, showing that Saeng is strong and will have a fresh start.
I feel like the writer ended the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng found some relief in flowers. It also shows that Saeng won't give up and she will keep trying. She was sad and depressed at first, but when she saw the flowers that reminded her of home, she became happy and didn't feel bad about failing the exam. The flower had a profound effect on her because it reminded her of home, and when she started thinking of her grandmother, she became a little sad, but then she thought about the flower and what it meant to her, she went from Take comfort in this flower. I feel like the story ends on a positive note.
I think the author ends the story with this quote and leaves us with hope. Saeng will retake the exam she failed. It was difficult for Saeng to adjust to her new life. Until the snow melted, the geese returned, and the hibiscus sprouted, Saeng gave herself time to adapt and heal. This paragraph shows Saeng's courage and hope for retaking the exam.
Honestly, I'm not so sure. Maybe it's because she's now charging at ease. Maybe it's a spiritual test we all have to face. Perhaps the return of the geese and the budding of plants is also a metaphorical test.
The author chooses to end the story with this paragraph to cross the themes of acceptance and determination. Saeng is very attached to the hibiscus plant because to her it represents her homeland and everything she has left behind. The last line represents a lot of things. The melting of snow, the return of geese, and the sprouting of hibiscus all herald rebirth and a new beginning. The fact that Saeng wants to retake the exam shows how to overcome obstacles and achieve goals
The way the story ends is because that's how he wants the girl to end the story. Because she's all about their flowers, plants, animals. She loves Madagascar periwinkle. Where she once lived was gorse, plants, animals and flowers.
In He Minfeng's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with a touching paragraph. This text shows that Saeng girl is determined to pass the exam, for example, the text says "The geese are back, the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again". This shows that even if she fails once, she won't let it stop her. The girl also expressed her feelings about geese and plants. For example, the text says "When they come back, in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is budding". This shows that she does not regret buying Hibiscus.
The author ends the "Winter Hibiscus" story this way because she is creating a sense of Saeng's hope for the future. Saeng was very sad when he walked home after failing his driving test. The author describes the scene as "the wind was getting stronger, ripping off every last shred of green from the chicory grass". Winter and cold represent Saeng's loss of hope. When she got home to show her mother the hibiscus, she said it was "sturdy enough to survive the colder months here". It also symbolizes that Saeng has survived too. At the end of the story, Saeng sees the goose and realizes that "many of the things she used to think were strange, through season after season, are almost familiar to her". This shows that she is really adjusting to her new home, and she has hope when spring comes, geese return, and hibiscus blooms.
She wanted to catch them, that was the whole purpose and purpose of her hunt. Trying to catch a goose. She saw her grandparents try to do this. In short, that's why she made her final statement.
The author summarizes the story in this paragraph because she wants readers to understand that she has not given up on plants and that she is determined. For example, the state of the story where Saeng says "I didn't pass the test", she feels as if she didn't accomplish what she wanted. So at the end of the story, she says "I'm going to take the test again." To show who she is, she doesn't give up because she fails the first time.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with this paragraph, because everything is reborn in spring, and Saeng will get used to her environment in spring. An example of this is when the author says "she found that many of the things she used to think strange had become, through quiet repetition season after season, are now almost similar to her. This means that with each season she" is getting used to Her new home, if every season becomes more like her. Another is when the author speaks, she looks up and sees their unique V etched into the evening sky, slowly disappearing into the distance. " It reminded her of her hometown where she watched geese.
In the story, Saeng is forced to adapt to sudden changes when her family moves from Vietnam to the United States. This story tells how different things in @LOCATION3 sparked her memories of life in Vietnam. The penultimate paragraph is about hibiscus, geese, and the changing seasons. The last paragraph sums it all up, as everything in Vietnam is tokenized in @LOCATION3, she will continue to experiment with driving and eventually adapt to the changes @LOCATION3 has brought her. This shows that Saeng is able to overcome her country's obstacles and is determined to do so. This paragraph is placed at the end of the story because it reflects the theme of change and adaptation throughout the story, but is mostly reflective. The author takes the time to explain how each item in the story reminds Saeng of her hometown, and strives to elevate the tone of the story from regret and sadness to hope and optimism, the author recalls each item in the final paragraph, showing that Saeng and her There is hope for the family.
The author ends the story with this sentence, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." The above paragraph ends the story, Because it shows that Saeng is a nature lover. I know this because of the line, "One of the flowers fell and Saeng carefully picked it up and smelled it." This line shows that she cares about the little things in nature. Another statement of Saeng's concern for nature is, "She poured the pot and gently poured out the soil ball, balancing the rest of the plant with her other hand." This shows that Saeng cares a lot about a small plant, It is part of nature. So all in all, the author sums up the story with the above paragraph to show that Saeng is a man who has a love for nature.
I think the author ends the story with that paragraph because it helps explain the importance of hibiscus. Fleur is very important to her and her culture. When Hibiscus is around, Saeng feels that she can do anything. That's why she failed the test in the first place. So she is saying that next time she takes the exam, she will have the power of Fleur to help her pass the exam.
This shows that she has not given up and will work hard to adopt and do well in this new land. It leaves a sad story with a happy ending. Hibiscus is a sigh of hope, and so is spring, which makes time possible, without this part the story would be a sad one, but with it it is a hope. The rest of the story is told as if it were a turning point or end time lead. It's working out, there is no solution.
The author ends the passage with this sentence to show that after all the tinnitus and confusion she knows it takes time to get used to, she realizes that as long as there is time to heal and start over, she will be ready, as he planted.
The author ends the story with this sentence. Because she wants to set a goal for herself in the future. She wants to pass the exam and she will try to do that next year. For example, her mother was angry that she failed the exam but quickly forgot about it. Saeng didn't forget to fail the exam. She swears by hibiscus because she loves the plant and will do anything for it.
The author ends the passage with this sentence, showing that to be successful, one must keep trying. Saeng will adjust to her new life in time, but not if she takes the time to hope to return to her home country. Hibiscus reminds her to start a new life and adjust to society. When the plant sprouts again, Saeng will retry her driving test, restarting its life cycle
She said she would take the test again when the snow melted in the spring. This way she can observe the goose's hibiscus buds and try to pass the exam while taking the exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because that's how Saeng feels now. She feels connected to the geese and the hibiscus," she looked up, watching their uniqueness etched, "and she's almost familiar now," she'll retake the exam in the spring. Hibiscus and flowers will make him feel better in spring. She should pass the exam.
The author ends this paragraph by showing how the hibiscus flower deeply implanted Sang's life and gave her new courage and strength. For example, on her way home after failing her driver's license, Saeng saw a flower and said, "[I was] shocked by a very strong recognition, almost visceral." This shows the bond between Saeng and Seremban. Deep focus, it's that connection that will guide her through tough times. Saeng then walks into a flower shop and identifies all the flowers there from her childhood. Realizing that her hometown has all these flowers, Saeng uses this connection to her past to further strengthen her courage to adjust to the life she is familiar with. As another example, it reads in the text: "She realized that many of the strange things she used to think were now...almost familiar to her. " How the hibiscus flowers that survived in their old home can survive here and realize this. She understands she can do the same, and no longer thinks the big @CAPS1 stuff here would be weird. It is in this way that the hibiscus tree provides Saeng with support, courage and even strength.
"When they came back, Saeng silently swore to herself. In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and his hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again." So when they came back, she had to take a test, No worries in the future The hot and humid world is full of green @CAPS1 friends, with shades and shapes growing seemingly at random. Next to it is another old friend, a small shrub with waxy leaves and delicate flowers with purple petals and a white center. It was dusk when Saeng got home, and the wind was blowing so hard that it blew away the last remaining greenness of the chicory weeds growing in the cracks of the sidwak. So @CAPS2 they saw a lot on the trip. So saw things they'd never seen before like newlyweds growing up on the sidewalk.
I think the authors include this to show their determination to pass this test no matter what.
The author might end the story with this, as it shows the girl's confidence that when the flowers bloom, she can pass. Back in her hometown, that flower meant little to her, and it still does. But the flower seemed to give her hope and pride. She used to pick it with her grandmother and put it in her hair. So when she sees this flower, she thinks of her grandmother, which motivates her to keep going. The flower was strong enough to withstand the winter weather, so the girl made up her mind that when the flower bloomed, she would definitely pass.
"When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus sprouts, and I will take that test again". Because she wants to grow winter hibiscus. She failed the first time, and she wanted to save herself and do it the second time. She didn't want to fail again, so she did something different. She planted it carefully, patting the soil around the plant. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The girl said she was going to take the exam again, when the hibiscus showed she missed her country and still wanted to connect in some way. It was like support from her country when she was tested while the plants were blooming. This plant symbolizes her progress because she grows like this plant. When she first got it, she was ready to go out and do something she hadn't quite acclimated to, like the hypiscus had acclimated to the weather and had to wait until @DATE1 bloomed.
"Then I'll take the test again" [@NUM1] Saeng's whole intention in the story is to take the test and pass it. Houever, "I - @CAPS1] failed the test, [Ho, @NUM2] that ties the whole story together. She craves comfort as she seeks "@CAPS2 Malik" [Ho, @NUM3] for comfort. SEE THIS Brought back all the memories in her 'home' [@NUM1] life that kept her going. As a result, a bond with her mother exploded, and it made for a new day for her future in her new home. To her Speaking of, enough hope to say: "When they come back in spring, the snow has melted, the geese have returned, and this hibiscus flower has begun to sprout, then I will take the test again. "
The author ends the story with this sentence because it is a good conclusion. It's a good conclusion because it ends by telling her what to do. This is good because it shows that Saeng finally realizes that even though she loves nature so much, she needs to take that test.
The writers of "Winter Hibiscus" ended the story with this paragraph because it indicated that Seg would try the test again. The author wanted to slow down that Seg wouldn't give up because she would take the test again when the things that mattered most to her were done. As the saying goes, "Seg doesn't dare look her mother in the eye. Instead, she stares at Hibiscus, and that's all that matters."
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the ending is, "When they come back, Sheng Sheng silently swears to himself, until spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." The author used This sentence ends the story because the author sees spring as a new beginning. The author knows that hard work requires a fresh start. For example, some students fail in their second semester and see winter as a new beginning.
The author ends the story with a paragraph because it's winter and she can't do anything in winter because of the snow. Snow forced her to take exams in the spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng has overcome a hurdle in her life and that she is learning to move on. In the story, Saeng often dwells on past memories rather than creating new ones. For example, when Saeng goes to the flower shop to buy plants, she starts to recall old events in her hometown. When she saw the plant labeled "Jasmine," she thought of her dead grandmother and remembered how she used to have jasmine in her hair. In addition, she told her mother that the hibiscus she bought was "not real," adding that it "wasn't like the kind we used to buy." @CAPS1, she constantly compares her new life to her old life in her hometown, and she doesn't allow her new experience to be as good as her old one. @CAPS1 When the author ends the story with that paragraph, it shows the growth of the girl Saeng and her willingness to move on and create new memories like trying to pass her driving test again.
The author ends the story with this quote because the story is about to end. The author writes the sweet words on it, it will become a string again, and beautiful flowers will bloom. Let readers know that nature will continue and the seasons will return.
This paragraph @NUM1 includes letting readers know it's winter. You know it's winter because in the paragraph it says when the snow melts.
After Tisaeng went "flour is it, bought" a plant, it was "dok faeng - noi", she failed her driver's license test, and she has fond memories of this plant. She remembered that it came from Vietnam and how it used to be ubiquitous, and she bought "@CAPS1 Hibiscus" to comfort herself. The last paragraph says, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." Saeng found that things happened for a reason , the opportunity will come again and again. Like geese heading south, @CAPS2 changes with the seasons. She decided she would retake the test the next time there was a change.
The author ends the story with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." To show that the character has become part of her new environment. Like the environment, she's constantly going through changes, and by the spring, everything that doesn't do its best in winter starts to thrive, and so will she. When she starts to thrive and feel like herself again, she'll be ready to take and pass her driving test. When she finishes crying like snow melts, when she finishes crying like snow melts, when she's ready to open up, she'll be back to who she was like a goose home, like a hibiscus budding, she'll be ready Take the test.
Throughout the story of Winter Hibiscus, the author feels like the hope and comfort that Sang gets when he thinks of the past. To continue that feeling as hope, the last sentence gives the feeling that Saeng will be better than when the story started. For example, at the beginning of the story, Saeng feels isolated, lonely and dislocated in her new country. But as the story progresses, she begins to calm down and, of course, her future will be brighter as she passes by and she becomes more confident. All in all, the author expresses hope and growing confidence in Saeng's future with the last sentence.
The meaning of the last sentence is to see if the winter hibiscus can be sown, then throw everything away and turn it into the flower of the year, and repeat the process.
Minfong Ho ends "Winter Hibiscus" with this segment to express hope and renewal for Saeng's character. Spring represents new life and renewal, a second chance for Saeng. Her previous failure to pass a test that seemed important (perhaps her citizenship test) prompted her to struggle to recall a past she sorely misses. Winter Hibiscus seems to represent herself, which says it: "It—it's not real," murmurs Saeng, who is still trembling at home and speechless, lest she burst into tears again. "Not like the ones we used to have," I know her mother said quietly, "the flowers aren't quite as pretty, but they're strong enough to get through the cold months here, the hibiscus this winter. Most importantly. This describes Saeng's status perfectly - she's different, as happy as ever, but she can get through it and can take the exam again in spring. This shows the purpose of the last paragraph of "Winter Hibiscus" It is to show the renewal and hope that Saeng will experience.
I think this sentence was chosen as the last sentence because it shows that Saeng can pass the test. Although she is not in her hometown, she is still capable of doing things. Saeng does the same when plants that remind you of home return and start growing. I think it's a good sentence and it makes you wonder if she'll pass the test.
She ended the story because flowers gave her strength. It gave her hope and reminded her of home. It was all over her house and she had to buy this. She planted it so it could grow in the winter. After the winter, the flower grew bigger and she passed the driver's license test. As a reward, her mother bought her a real Vietnamese flower.
I think he ended his story with that paragraph because she knew she was wrong and she wanted to make up for her mother. She also showed her mother how much she loves nature.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because she failed her driving test the first time and said to herself that she would take it again.
I think the author used that reply because she indicated she had to go through another @DATE1 or struggle to grow flowers.
The author ends the "Winter Hibiscus" story in her own way because she wanted to show Saeng's determination at a certain point in the story, writing that "she was still too shivering at home to speak". Saeng really misses her old life and her old country. She often wonders when she'll be able to start enjoying life again because she's still having a hard time adjusting to her new life. When the writer ends the story, this is done to show that saeng is someone who doesn't give up easily. Despite her previous troubles, the ending of the story gives Saeng new hope of adjusting to her new environment. Also, when saeng failed the exam, the ending sentence made newhope saeng tell her mom, "I failed the exam," and she really felt inferior when she said that. The closing sentence gives saeng and readers new hope that she will work and do better in the spring. The author shows saeng's determination to go beyond failure and create his own niche in life. All in all, the ending sentence of "Winter Hibiscus" is used to express saeng's determination.
I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph because she lives for the geese and her memory is related to the time she saw the geese. I think her exams are in school, but she believes that as long as she remembers her memory related to the outside world, she will pass the exams. For example, she likes flowers. That's why I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with a very spiritual and confident paragraph to show that hope plays an important part in our lives. In the story, the foreign Chinese "Saeng" is moved and squashed by all the people. Majestic plants and nature living in a greenhouse. She ventures out to find all the plants that remind her of home and connects them to her past experiences. As she walks through the greenhouse, she whispers the name of the nature she sees, "Saebba," and Saeng whispers, "Madagascar periwinkle," as its label pronounces. "It's weird to see it in a pot, Saeng thought. Back home, it went crazy.!! But as time went on, she toured more and more and she quickly realized she lost Some memories, and started crying. When she got home, her mother greeted her. "I failed the test," Saeng said. Saeng's mother was moved by her comments and encouraged her to plant "hibiscus". In the end, the author passed Write the last paragraph with a strong expression, bring out hope and emotion, and say that everyone deserves a second chance.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he basically says he will never take that test again. The author indicates that the character does not like this test. would rather not accept
The writer of the story ends it with a very interesting paragraph. This paragraph talks about the impending hurdle and tells the reader to try again. It is important to never give up and keep trying until you succeed. In the story that Saeng just left Vietnam, she really misses it, and most importantly, saeng failed the driving test. She is really sad. She saw a flock of geese flying over her head and said that when they came back in spring and my new plants started to grow, I would retake my driving test. The geese must fly south through the winter to overcome the cold. Cold weather is their hindrance. Plus, her new plants won't grow until it's warm. Her plant must overcome getting smaller until it can sprout in spring. People always face obstacles. You have to keep trying to get around them.
The short story "Winter Hibiscus" ends its way because the narrator realizes that with it comes a new opportunity or a chance to start anew. A passage in the text expresses the narrator's hope, "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things he had previously thought strange, through quiet repetition season after season, are now almost familiar to her (Ho @ NUM1). This text shows that she realizes that many things that used to be for her suddenly have purpose. She realizes that there is a new rebirth in the spring. The concluding sentence indicates that she will retake the exam in the spring. She realizes now that she Now is the beginning of a new opportunity and life. The epilogue of "Winter Hibiscus" is one of the opportunities of spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's drive and confidence after experiencing this plant. There are many reasons and examples to support this. For one, he wanted to show how Saeng changed after his first test and when she bought flowers to free her. For example, after failing his driving test, Saeng went to a flower shop. His childhood came back when she saw the plant and she forgot her test. The flower inspired her to get her permission. Another reason is that it shows how confident the experience has given her. For example, after failing, she came back and said, "...I'll take another exam." Anyway, the author includes this paragraph to show how confident Saeng has become about her experience.
The writer concludes this sentence at the end of the story because he wants to show that Saeng won't give up like Furong. Hibiscus, for example, struggles to survive in winter, blooms and starts all over again in spring. Saeng will also survive the winter, become a star again in the spring and retake the exam. The author wants to show the reader that Saeng is Hibiscus and she has to start over and retry things that failed, as if Hibiscus died in the winter.
My answer is, if it's about winter, then it's really going to be about walking around in winter, having fun, etc.
The author ends the story this way to make it more interesting for the reader to understand that it all happens year after year.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because he wants to show that the flower was the inspiration for her previous exam. The way I got my response is that throughout the story, @PERSON1 was always either growing wood hibiscus or hibiscus. This clearly showed me that she was inspired by this flower and its beauty. All in all, the author ends the story in such a way to show the importance of the hibiscus flower to Saeng.
The author ends the story this way because it represents a new life to come. It's as if she's saying she'll hibernate in winter, and when spring comes and everything starts a new life cycle, then so will she. Saeng "realized that through the quiet repetition of season after season, many of the things she used to think were strange now become almost familiar to her." She said that when the new season begins, it will be her beginning, She will have a different view of her new life.
The author ends the story this way to summarize everything. The author combines its nature and description. This way, the reader will have a mental picture of how "beautiful or peaceful" spring is.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it hints that her power will come when the flowers bloom and she will be able to be tested.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author He Minfang summarizes the story of this section, because she wants to show the determination that the girl in the story has. At first, the girl couldn't help buying this expensive flower. But she didn't want to disappoint her mother, so she made up her mind to "pass". When spring comes to buy more seeds, the girl hopes to buy seeds. So the author shows the determined trait of girl control.
The author silently swears to himself that when they come back, in the spring, when the show melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again", because the hibiscus bud symbolizes the beginning and the end, Saeng again Taking the exam gives her a chance to start over and try again. Hibiscus won't stop sprouting, so Saeng shouldn't stop trying!
In the last paragraph of the story, the author ends the story this way, because the author means that the hibiscus is a symbol of overcoming obstacles. For example, @CAPS1 mom said "Its flowers are not pretty, but it's strong enough to get it through the cold months." It's a symbol of overcoming obstacles, because a flower is strong enough to get through the cold months, bad weather . In Saeng's case, she is a girl who will succeed abroad. So, in the last paragraph, Saeng silently swears to herself that she will take the driving test again when the snow melts (the writer ends) and the hibiscus flower is sprouting, and she uses the hibiscus flower as a symbol of overcoming the obstacle of failing the test. . That's why the writer decided to end the story with the last paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants to convey a feeling that Saeng wants to count her determination to start. She failed her driving test and was very disappointed, for example, she started crying and had "tears and puffy eyes" because she remembered her hometown in Vietnam, her life, her memories, her family, etc. She can start a new beginning in spring with the geese that migrate and return in winter, and so can she. A new beginning, like a blooming hibiscus. A fresh start for the driving test.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng @CAPS1 gave up, so you shouldn't either. I think this paragraph describes a law of life, witch is "@CAPS1 give up". @CAPS2 Even if she fails at first, she's still willing to try again.
When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in the spring, when the snow melted, the geese returned, and this hibiscus was sprouting, I would take the test again. I think the author included this in the story to show that you shouldn't push things away. You should always deal with them when they show up. So in the story, the girl shows a bad role model. I believe the author wanted to stress not to do this. Overall it's the right thing to add to this story to try and show the right way of doing things and doing these specific things
She should also need to know that you can't replace the plant with the same thing and expect it to be the same. She also needs to learn lessons in life.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng will go with nature and try to adapt to her new land. Saeng failed her driving test and felt out of place in her new home. The text says, "As the Saebba nedae is tall and lush. And surrounds the garden" (No. 1). When she sees @CAPS1, it reminds her of where she fits in. Now she wants to wait to see that flower grow, so when she takes her driving test again. Also, she saw geese fly over her head as she planted her flowers. The author writes. "...she realized that many of the things she used to think strange had become...almost familiar to her" (No @NUM1). The goose back in spring will now also remind her of her new name and what must try to live happily there now. In the last paragraph, the author writes, "I will take that test again" (no @NUM1). It gives the feeling that Saeng is trying to start a new beginning in this new home.
This is a powerful sentence that showcases the theme in the story. Saeng is determined to try again, as she is comforted by the symbols of her homeland. This quote shows what plants have done for Saeng's spirit and shows how the symbol helps heal her. This sentence closes the story and shows the importance of Fleur. In the story @CAPS1 describes the plant as a friend and reminder of her hometown. Once she sees the flowering plant, she'll know she can take the test again. This paragraph is a good conclusion to the article as it sums up everything Seremban means to Saeng.
I think the author just wants to show that you never give up. I think the author is trying to show the beauty of nature. The author uses it because in the story Saeng failed the exam but ends up saying she will take the exam again. In the story, it talks about the winter hibiscus she grows and ends in the conclusion. The conclusion basically says that there will be a new beginning.
The author ends the story with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will go and take that test again" because This passage of its ego has ended. Basically sums up what she's going to do again next time because she's already done it. What the author means in this paragraph is that when the plants come back in the spring, she will have to do all the work all over again, which is basically testing.
I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph to let the reader know that she didn't give up. They @MONTH1 think she thinks the home test is more important. So she doesn't care about passing this test because she misses her home and doesn't care about those tests.
I think the author ended the story like this as a maxim to get people to think outside of @CAPS1 or things. Or the author might end it this way so people can get a mental picture of what she's talking about.
The reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is to give you an idea of how she feels about what happened to her. This part is when she tells herself that everything is fine and she will do better next time. The author ends the story with this paragraph to make Saeng sound more confident in himself. Halfway through the story, when she's talking to her mom, she sounds very insecure about herself, so this part makes her sound like she's sure of herself, like she knows what she's going to do.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", I think the author's ending was "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back, and this hibiscus was chirping, I would Do a test" because she made Saeng feel that if that hibiscus can start over and bloom, Saeng should do the same. So that's why the writer added that sentence at the end of the story
Saeng failed his driver's license test at the start of the story. She found a hibiscus plant and bought it because it reminded her of her life in Vietnam. "The familiar scent filled her lungs, and Saeng could almost feel the faint strands of her grandmother's long gray hair," she said. The flower reminded her of her grandmother. "???Look at this flower that blooms by the lake, it's not as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months," Mom said, trying to make her daughter feel better. It said: "Overhead, a flock of Canada geese flying by mistakenly whistling is now familiar to Saeng. She realises that many of the things she previously thought were strange are now almost familiar to her."
The author ends the story with this paragraph because at the end she realizes that with the changing seasons and the changing plants, things that seemed strange until she just realized it. So the author put that paragraph last, because she's going back to school for exams again in the spring
The author ends the story with his or her dose because it shows that the time she discovers the plant she'll get her liens so it's a reminder to her. I also think she does it because when the plant blooms it starts all over again
The author ends the story with that passage because she wants to show that the peace the flowers give will build her confidence and she will not give up. I know this because in the story the protagonist failed the driving test and when she saw the flower it reminded her of her home in Vietnam. Another reason is because the flowers bloom in the spring and never stop blooming. She knew it would never give up, and she said she shouldn't either. Plus the plants gave her the strength to try again. So the reason why the author ends her story with that paragraph is to show what she knows about the power of flowers to give to her and how she doesn't give up.
The author ends the story with this concluding paragraph because. It combines two imperfect situations. When she said to wait for them to come back, Sonn silently swore to herself that I would take the test again in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting. She will prove her point and simplify the situation.
The author says she'll take the test again in the spring rather than winter because she'll be more focused on the test than the planting.
I think she ends the story with that because the whole story of her trying to work hard is over. And this last sentence is not finished, she will come back to take the exam. She tries to prove herself throughout the book. And she'll keep trying to get what she wants
In this story, the author ends the story her way because it is metaphorical, and I say this because she compares herself to the hibiscus plant. Since the hibiscus will be tested to overcome conditions such as cold, for example in the test the authors say "its flowers are not pretty, but it is strong enough to get it through the colder months. Hibiscus this winter". She blooms again as a hibiscus flower, and must pass the test of cold resistance before she has a chance to pass her own test, so the author ends the story in her way.
The final paragraph of the story "Winter Hibiscus" depicts the intense change from a cold, remote failure of adaptation to a new life. Saeng links her transformation to the changing seasons from winter to spring. This clearly shows that it says: "In spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting. She accepts that it is a new opportunity to start over, and then tries to pass the exam. The change from winter to spring symbolizes how saeng has to adapt to her new home. The hardships of flying. Then, with the return of the geese and the hibiscus acclimating to the new environment, saeng followed her old home in Vietnam, but can now thrive elsewhere as well.
The authors conclude this because it has the greatest impact. The ending also gives the most meaning. The last paragraph means that time will help her adjust to the current life. It also contains the hibiscus flower and how it will bloom again, which can have a double meaning and means that the author's life will bloom again. Overall, this is a great way to end a paragraph.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", I believe they will end the story in their own way, "When they come back, I will silently swear to myself that when the snowmelt geese come back, this hibiscus will sprout, and I will go to accept the test." Again", because of saeng's purpose, she overcomes the disappointment and discomfort of living in a new country. The archetypal meaning of bud is: prosperity, new, growth. It shows that he is growing, which is important in life, That's why it ends like they do, it's a positive ending.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that she is aware of her connection to the hibiscus plant. Saeng's entire story on native plants she's seen before is now at @LOCATION1. She saw how they adapted to life there, just as hibiscus can survive the winter. Saeng realizes that she too has to adjust to her new home. She doesn't necessarily need to adapt to survive, but to succeed. She swears that in the spring, when the hibiscus buds (restarting its growth cycle), she will also start over and re-test.
In He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author's last paragraph shows what Hibiscus means to her. The author uses symbolism when talking about hibiscus because it is a strong plant, like a girl needs to pass a driving test. The author put this paragraph at the end to explain that if hibiscus can come back, so can girls after winter. To sum up, the author uses the last paragraph to emphasize the meaning of hibiscus.
The story is full of emotion and nostalgia, and can be a little depressing, so the writer wanted to end with a message of hope. After saeng failed the test of "breaking down and crying in the main shelter of the greenhouse (she) was), it was encouraging to know that she was going to keep trying despite all the hardships she went through. I know firsthand that homesickness can be bad, and finding the strength to move on and commit to "take the test again" can be very difficult but worthwhile. The author also gives another meaning to hibiscus with the ending, "when the goose returns and the hibiscus blooms", the winter is over, the hard years are over, and there will be new hope for a new and beautiful spring.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because basically explains everything you need to know about the ending. It basically says she's willing to take the time to study for exams she's taken before but failed, and hopes to take them again when spring arrives. For example, geese have left for winter. When they come back in the spring, she'll do another test, and all in all, the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it best tells how the story ends.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's upbringing or hope that she will feel comfortable in America. When she said "I failed the test" I took it as a failed test to see if she crossed her country, if
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Lotus", I think the author ends the story with this passage. "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again.'' @CAPS1 shows you should fight. For what right , what do you believe.
Saeng wanted to show that she was strong and determined. She wants to do the best thing with what she has. After moving to another country, she lost a lot of hope. Winter made her yearn for home even more sadly. She bought the flower, in a sense, to take her home. When spring comes, she will germinate with flowers and be tested again. This is her new home with new hibiscus. After all, winter is not the time to bloom.
Saeng does feel like she's calling fil and. Buying something that helps her but also makes her missing is where she came from. And her mother was a little pissed about it because of the prags she paid for. It @CAPS1 silently swore to herself in the spring that she took the exam again.
The author ends the story with this sentence. I think the author ends the story with that paragraph, showing Saeng's confidence in taking the driving test.
The author left the story there because it makes you guess what's going to happen. That's all you need to know about this story. The author has told the important parts, the future is a whole different story. It doesn't matter if Saeng passes the test or what happened in the winter. The author tells us everything about the importance of this man and her mother
Saeng feels out of place in her new home and country. She silently vowed that in a year she would take the exam again. She vowed that in a year she would get used to her new home and new country and start enjoying life again. The author ends this paragraph because it is hoped that Saeng girl will like her new home and that in a year she will get used to what is happening in her new country. Saeng just felt out of place and wanted to wait a while until she tried to retake the test. The author ends the story with that paragraph because she swore an oath to herself and hoped she would keep that oath and make it happen.
The author might end the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng is not @CAPS1 stop trying her @CAPS1 to work harder. When she saw the geese adapt, she chose to try. Give their families a workout. After they disappeared, she cheered up and said she @CAPS1 try again. By doing so, she commits herself to trying something @CAPS2 adapts to change.
I think she ended the story with this quote because she wanted to take the test at @DATE1 time because it wouldn't be that hard for her. It'll be warm again, it's not that cold.
The story ends with this paragraph for a number of reasons. First, spring is warm and sunny, which helps to end the story on a happy note. Next, it shows that Saeng can adapt to her new home, just like hibiscus will survive the winter. In the end, it shows that Saeng is determined not to let her mother down. That's why the story ends with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show if they can adapt, then so can she. "In spring, the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." I chose this sentence because it tells you if they can come back after everything she can do. She should be able to adjust to a new place like they did.
Authors often end the story with a paragraph that leaves the reader wondering what happens next. "Winter Lotus" author: He Minfang also has such an ending paragraph. The author ends this way because she is looking to the future. She said that when the snow melted, the snowflakes came back, and the hibiscus flowers bloomed, she went to take the exam. She looked at it as if it was a new beginning. She wants to start over. Additionally, the gesse, blooming hibiscus and melting performances give her hope that she will pass her test. She believed that now that they had hibiscus, maybe it would be more like where she used to live. The author uses endings that make people wonder.
The author's response to ending the story with this paragraph is because the author wants us to read the story to understand what's going on in the story. Like @CAPS1 said when they came back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting, and then I'll take that test again, trying to see everyone's goal story, like this They can then understand what the author is saying.
The author ends the story with this passage, because both goose and hibiscus are familiar things to Saeng, they remind her of her hometown, and when the familiar returns, she will have the strength to test it again and hope to do better. "A Canada goose flew overhead, their faint chunks clear and now familiar to Saeng," the narrator said. This shows that the goose is a symbol of similar things in her hometown that help Saeng feel more comfortable in her new home.
The author included that paragraph because the hibiscus plant made her think about where she came from and helped her succeed in something. I know Fleur is from her hometown because in the story she says "I mean, not like the kind we are in-in-", and she finds it still very erratic for her to say those words at home. She misses home, and the plant helps her get back the memory of being there. So the author has included this paragraph to show the reader that she misses her home country.
The author summarizes the story with this paragraph, why @CAPS1 Saeng might be important to the author. It has something to do with her past or where she came from. She wants to say that when she comes back in the spring, she will take the test again at school. Or she's going to replant something in the spring @CAPS1. As snow @CAPS2 it's too cold to grow anything. Where she came from was really important to her, she missed it and went back to where she came from.
The author begins with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is being built, I will take the test again". She did this because being on this plant's story gave her confidence in @MONTH1 to do better in the future.
The author ends the story this way for several reasons. One reason is that she will gain more experience in the new country. She only left her hometown a few months ago, so in about six months, she will have a better understanding of the ways of this new country. This will make her more capable of passing the @CAPS1 Ed test. Also in spring, the flowers will be beautiful again, which will give her new strength and allow her to pass. These months will allow the author time to prepare mentally and physically for the exam. Mentally, she will be able to learn and learn everything she needs to know. Physically she will age, and it will teach her new things.
To overcome failure, Saeng buys a flower that reminds her of home. Saeng started crying after buying the flowers. She wants to go home. The author ends the story with this paragraph to show how she will take the exam when she feels at home. "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." Sonn said to himself. These things make her feel at home, and that feeling will help her finish the exam. This paragraph ends the story with all the things she loves. This conclusion helps readers understand what reminds her of home. Also explains the effect of hibiscus on her. Buying flowers can help her solve her troubles. Seeing the goose flying reminded her of her own home. The author ends the story with helpful memories for Saeng's future.
I think the author ends the story with this conclusion because everyone deserves a fresh start, or a second chance. I guess the author is saying in the comments that if you fail, you should at least try again. When Saeng fails her exam, her self-esteem seems to drop, her mother tries to cheer her up, and eventually she realizes it's not good to give up instead of starting over.
Minfong Ho added the last paragraph to the story as it implies that saeng feels better and more confident when he thinks of home. When saeng saw Hibiscus, she had a "so strong, almost visceral feeling". The flower was creatively used by Ho, who said that winter hibiscus is enough to get through the cold months, leading readers to think after the last paragraph that this flower must bring hope and confidence to life. Also, goose making a V that I exasperate means vietnam to saeng is something the author is trying to get her readers to think about. That's why "Return with the Goose". mentioned in the last paragraph. He Minfang wants her readers to realize that the things that make us more comfortable and happy ultimately make us stronger and more confident. The author did a great job putting the final thoughts in the last paragraph because it perfectly sums up the lesson that you should do things when you feel confident and feel like home. You @MONTH1 are small and fragile, but if you "plant" yourself, you can thrive with confidence.
The final paragraph at the end of the story is the author's way of showing how Saeng wants spring to come sooner because she wants to see her hibiscus flowers. If spring doesn't come quickly, she won't see her hibiscus and the snow won't melt. When Saeng showed up, she wished she could take the exam.
The author finally used a sentence: "When they come back, Sheng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will try again." Because that winter hibiscus flower symbolized her Fresh start. For example, in her hometown, she had hibiscus, everything was fine, normal, she lived her own life, etc., then she moved to America, she didn't have any hibiscus, she just passed the driving test, and she felt missed, Not suitable. So when she saw that winter hibiscus, she felt as if she had found something that would help her feel at home or almost at home. She has a sense of security All in all, the author ends with this sentence because it is a new beginning for her, and Hibiscus means a new beginning.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is because it is like her own life, and she has another chance, just like the goose will come back. The last part is like coming back to her life because it says that in spring, spring is usually a good time of year as it gets warmer and the flowers come back on @DATE2. The hibiscus plant will bloom again, it will be renewed, and in a way, she is warmly reminded of her old home. Then it was time to retake her failed driving test, which was before she bought the factory. The author added the last part because it fits well with the story.
The reason why the author ends the shop with a small paragraph is because sometimes the little things are the most important, and although the author summarizes the most important things in the story in two episodes, I think the author has done a good job.
The author ends with a paragraph because Saeng has to be fully tested. She @MONTH1 thinks there's a better chance when it blooms and the snow melts. So that's when Saeng tries to take the exam after the snow melts and the hibiscus blooms
The author ends this sentence for several reasons. Saeng thinks she won't be able to do this until spring, when the geese will be back. This is also when the hibiscus sprouts. In a sense, she felt as if she would bloom in the spring and be able to pass the test.
I think the author included this paragraph in this story b/c the grandmother probably thought it was a test to see what she could accomplish in @CAPS1 time. gRandmotherR probably does more than @CAPS2.
I think the author ended the story this way because @MONTH1 be she said she will be ready to take the test again by then. Another way to think about it is that @MONTH1 waits until spring when this happens and she will be ready and more confident in herself. @MONTH1 is the author trying to say that like the beginning of a new spring, this will be a new beginning for her.
I think the writer ended the story with that paragraph because Saeng said she would try again. For example, even though she failed her driving test, after planting it with her mother, she decided to take over. It seems that planting hibiscus flowers gave her the confidence to try and succeed again. In the story, she seems to have gotten used to planting. For example, now that she's done something and done, she knows she can take the test again and be done. In conclusion, this is why I think the author ends this paragraph.
The author ends the story with a statement that makes you think because she wants to highlight the relationship between Saeng and Seremban. Like Saeng, Seremban is in a new environment and has to adapt to its surroundings. Saeng just passed her driving test, so she's not happy about it. The closing sentence makes you realize that if the plant can overcome the harsh environment, Saeng can overcome her driving challenge.
The author takes this as the last paragraph because it can bring hope to Saeng's mother. This can give hope because they really need Saeng to pass the test.
It is very important that the author ends the story with that paragraph. It re-established the meaning of Hibiscus and its importance to Saeng. I showed her determination to overcome the problems of living in a new place. Without this paragraph, we would assume what would have happened to Saeng. In some stories it will work, but in this case it is necessary. When she first saw Fleur, she broke down because she couldn't remember her hometown. That's why Fleur is so important to this story. By reiterating its importance at the end, it helps the reader understand what's going to happen next, even after the story is over. It's important to express this again. The last paragraph said: "This hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again." These buds represent Saeng's new beginning and a new opportunity to overcome problems. This paragraph is so important that without it these events would hang in the balance. As a reader, the meaning of the story is clear.
The inclusion of taking the exam again while "hidiscus is budding" provides a sense of proximity and lessons to an otherwise open ending. Saeng fails the driving test at the beginning of the story, and then buys a hibiscus on the way home. The reader doesn't really see the connection until the last paragraph. Hibiscus represents perseverance and strength. After a harsh winter, this hibiscus flower can bloom again and live on. Even after moving from Vietnam and struggling to adapt, Saeng has to recover and keep trying. Just like the flowers will bloom again, so will Saeng. She will take the second exam and pass. She will adapt to her environment and move on, just like Hibiscus.
The author uses "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again" because the author begins. _ _ _ _ _ _ Saeng's story after failing his driving test. _ _ Saeng is reminded of her hometown by Hibiscus. "A flock of geese flowed by" after Saeng wanted the hibiscus flower in the garden, and as they flew by, Saeng felt a comforting sign and swore to himself what was the beginning of it all. If Saeng does pass the driving test, she will never find Hibiscus.
The author included it because her mother took and passed the exam and her daughter wanted to do the same as her mother. And she can only eat it in spring, because there are no flowers in winter.
The In think author is trying to show that Saeng is finally starting to accept and overcome the struggles in his life. It means she's finally used to @LOCATION1 and customs, but she still hasn't forgotten her heritage. "But she prefers it herself to the Big Mac." It's also proof that she'll stay positive and won't overuse her with the disc. She's going to take it back and try again. Look at her situation in life at the beginning. But after visiting the florist, she found more cherries. Optimistic about her situation and decided to do something about it.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. One reason I think is because she's determined that winter is there, and when it's over, she'll start blooming and planting again. In the story it says, "Now the winter hibiscus is underground,..." So, now she has to wait for the winter to pass before the hibiscus flowers will start to grow, and hopefully by spring she will be alone. So, that's why I think she ended the story her way.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because how was her test? It needs to be answered before she is willing to accept it. In the text. To her, the plant was as smooth and cool as she knew it to be. She closed her palms and held them tightly. At least, she can hold on. Unlike her grandmother, she felt a deep sense of loss, strong enough to sting her eyes, sadness, maybe disappointment, she might say it would take a while to deal with, hinting at the conclusion that her mother even whispered to see The flower burst into tears of surprise and joy, even before Saeng was shocked to reveal that she paid more than $19 for the flower. With this epilogue, I'm sure she'd be more comfortable at the time. Plan because she will have new and old things to come home, like geese and plants.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus," the author included this closing paragraph because she wanted to show that next time she would be ready for the garden and the challenges it faced. For the first time, she wasn't ready, and she didn't know about winter hibiscus because she had never done anything like this before.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the end of the story is "In spring, when the snow melts, the goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will test it again." The reason why the author ends the story this way is because it shows that although she @ MONTH1 didn't pass the test, but she wouldn't give up because of the adjustment changes. Hibiscus makes readers realize that the plantation she lives in can adapt, and so can she.
She ends the story this way because she feels more at ease and healthier when everything blooms. I say this because the girl used to help her grandma with her hair before she moved. So if the flower is in bloom, then it reminds her of her grandmother, who unconsciously does good deeds in exams.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, as it is an anthropomorphism involving the melting of snow, the return of geese, and the budding of hibiscus. It is explaining the instant of time. The author describes how isolated Hibiscus is.
The author ends the story with that paragraph as it tells how Saeng feels about winter approaching and how she had to wait until spring to come back to make her milk tea again.
Saeng cares about flowers. She cares about this flower. Naturally occurring and they are increasingly unique.
In the story I don't know why the writer and I don't really know the story, maybe she's talking about she's passed all the tests and now she won't take it again. The time has come. She's at school and when one takes a test, it's not @DATE1, school is over.
Why the writer sums up this passage as a story is because at the end of the story they need and end. And why because of the selection and conclusion that best fits the story.
I believe the writers chose to end the story their way because this story is about persistence. For example, this story revolves around the winter hibiscus plant. It's a good example because in the end Saeng vows she will persevere and take her test again, and Fleur will persevere and survive the winter without letting herself die. Another example is @CAPS1 mom working outside to get her gardening done when it's cold. It's about the story because she stayed in the cold garden to finish her work, she could have quit and moved into the warm house, just like Saeng could quit and say she won't try to take the exam again. But she didn't, she said she would try again.
I think the writer ended the story this way because it means she hasn't given up, even if she failed the first time, try again. . " Means when everything is @CAPS1." She'll try again, because if she passes, it's @CAPS1. The story sucks because I don't even know what she failed, so I don't like it.
I think the reason why the author said "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting." Then I'll try it again. " Paragraph, because a plant like this has no chance of surviving in winter, like a girl when she takes her driving test, but in spring the plant has a chance to bloom, so she has a chance to pass the test, because there is a time and a place for everything.
Feelings, persistence, and hope are all the author's words: "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow-melting world returns, this hibiscus will sprout, then I will take it away" to take the test again. "@CAPS1, the last paragraph shows that she has emotions. Next, it shows that she has a commitment, she says that when Hibiscus comes back, she will take the test again. Finally, it shows that there is hope and that she will try to redefine herself. These are her Reason for using the last paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to emphasize her new determination to overcome obstacles. For example, in this passage she said, "She realized that many of the things she had thought strange before, after quiet season after season, were almost familiar to her." At this point she had an epiphany and understood Life is like four seasons. In the final paragraph, she intercedes by saying that she will take the exam again in the spring. This shows that just like winter hibiscus spends winter in winter and blooms in spring, she must be strong in this difficult time. One day she will "bloom". @CAPS1 It's been tough times, but we all have to be strong and determined to wait for our time to "bloom".
The writer ends the story with that paragraph because he wants to show that she won't give up because of one failure. She has already failed an exam once. She was very sad about it. She went and bought a plant. Saeng's mother told her they would do it the right way. Saeng cried when she told her mother about it. Her mother understood the idea. Her mother was probably mad at her. She can use the plants they grow. Plants from @MONTH1 are not growing now. She should have bought a real plant from someone else.
Resolute, new beginnings, symbolism - each is why I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph. After purchasing the plant, she found new hope and renewed her determination to pass the test she wrote. When she saw the geese flying overhead, she realised how determined they had to be and vowed to do better in next year's exams. With this new flower, she feels like she's starting over so she can pass this test that seems important to her. When the author wrote, "The geese return, the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", which embodies the symbolic meaning. By telling the flower to sprout, it symbolizes that Saeng wants to turn over some kind of new leaf. Resolute, new beginnings, symbolism - each is why I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
The author of He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus" ends by saying, "When they come back, Sang silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus germinates, I will take the test again", because it shows that Saeng has Got over her problem and vowed to rectify it. The author ends with this sentence, showing that the beauty of nature can help people overcome problems, and so does Saeng. Seeing Dayan and "Winter Hibiscus" Sang, "realized that many of the things she used to think were strange, after quiet repetition season after season, are now almost familiar to her. Like a goose." Saeng realized that the test was right Although strange and different to her, it is now familiar because of her experience with nature. See the geese and "Winter Hibiscus". This plant also reminds Saeng of her past in Vietnam and all the good times in her home. "The familiar scent filled her lungs, and Saeng could almost freshly mash the brisk strands of her grandmother's long gray hair." jolont reminded her of a good experience. Being in the factory made her happy enough not to think about the past, but about the future, about taking the exam again and her new life in America
The reason why the author put the last line in the ending story is to show us the attack and life and death even though we are almost over. She didn't want it to end, but she knew it would start all over again. Next year, things will go back to the way they were before everything changed. That's why I think the author put this sentence into the story.
The author concludes with a story of immortality swearing to herself "in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again" to express her determination to assemble into something new, to express determination to change her habits. The idea of immortality used to be weird in @LOCATION1 as it describes, but getting used to the description of seasons and weather changes is important to the conclusion of spring. Once she realized she needed to deal with the change, she knew she needed to try the driving test again. It is very important that the author concludes: "In the spring, when the snow melts and the goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", because it expresses how immortality accepts her life changes.
In "Winter Hibiscus", the author uses hibiscus flowers to symbolize the beauty of unexpected places, adapting to a new life, and Saeng's hometown at the end of the story. fine. Looking at Hibiscus, she remembered the old life she loved and the natural beauty in Hibiscus flowers. In life I think everyone should always remember that even if a @MONTH1 gets disappointed sometimes, we have to remember that life goes on. There is always another chance, as long as you can find peace and beauty in good things.
The author ends this paragraph by showing the similarities between Saeng and plants. This plant represents the power and ability of Saeng. She knew that only when she was stronger, like a plant in spring, would she be ready to retake the exam. Her hope will be as strong as a spring plant. That's why the author ends this paragraph.
I believe the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it refers to previous events in the story. For example, it says, "This hibiscus is budding". This goes back to the beginning of the story, when Saeng first saw the hibiscus plant, it reminded her of home. This is a great way to end the story. I wouldn't change it at all if I could. Also in the excerpt before the story it says how she failed the driving test and in the last paragraph it says, "Then I'll take the test again," I don't think Saeng had much confidence before taking the test , because of her new environment, but now that she is familiar with everything and has found a hobby, she will think of passing when she takes the test again. I think she's looking for a fresh start and forget about failure.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she overcame it and wanted to retake the quiz for herself and prove to herself that no one else was. She said: "When they came back, Sang swore to herself that in the spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back and the hibiscus sprouted, I would take that test again. So she said she wanted to retake the test. So she wasn't forced to Accept it. She uses it to prove to herself that there is no one else.
In He Minfang's short story "Winter Lotus", a young girl named saeng recalls her life before moving to @LOCATION1. She misses her hometown and everything she loved before she came here. At the end of the story, the author attached a paragraph, saying that Sang vowed to wait for the end of winter, the return of geese, and the sprouting of hibiscus before taking the driver's license test. The author ends the story with this paragraph for a reason. He/she wants to show that saeng is good enough to survive winter like hibiscus and will be ready when the tiring days of winter are over and the beautiful days of spring come. "...it's strong enough to get through the cold months...that's all that matters," said Saeng's mother. Winter Hibiscus is a direct parallel to Sheng, and just like it, she is strong enough to survive the winter months.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, leaving the reader wanting more. When a writer wraps up a chapter of a story or an episode of a show, it's always a good idea to use suspense to captivate the audience. This is used in many of the stories I have read. In my @CAPS1, @PERSON1's book always ends in suspense. Like at the end of the third book, a soldier is killed, but you don't know who until the next book.
The author ends the story her way, saying that the girl won't give up trying to adjust to this new country. The author sums it up this way because it means that it's not over yet, and even if the test fails, it won't be next time. The lead author knew that the little girl cared about the test and wanted to show people that she could pass the test. The flowers remind her of her home, and with these, she can take it back and do it ritually.
I think the author included this in the paragraph because Saeng doesn't like the cold, so she'll wait until the snow melts and the geese come back to test the plants. I also think she added it to show that she will be back to see her mother.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, since Saeng failed the test, which she will take over in the spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it provides an ending for Saeng and the story. Saeng is upset about the fact that she didn't pass the exam, but at the end of the story she realizes that things can happen, and sometimes we can't control what happens, but if that happens, you also have to pick yourself up and bring you down. When she saw Goose and Hibiscus, she realized that everyone and everything had to adapt to new things all the time. Saeng may not have passed the driving test because they drive differently in Vietnam, so she will have to accept the way we drive here, and all our rules and laws. That's why the author ends the paragraph in this way.
Saeng was taking the exam, but she didn't pass the exam. She dared not tell her mother, but she had to tell her anyway. Her mother was angry because she didn't pass. Saeng knows that once winter is over, she will take the same exam again, and she hopes to pass this time.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author has a sentence - when they come back, Sang silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will participate again take an exam. -Because she wants to end the story Saeng finds a positive view of her new home and a positive view of the future and makes her look forward to it. Throughout the short story, Saeng happens to have a sad character about her new home and how plants remind her of her nearest home. - "I mean it wasn't the kind we were-at-at-" She found she was still too shaking to say the words at home, and at the end she cried again. - This line shows that Saeng really misses her home and is really sad. The closing remarks shown earlier indicate that she has found the strength to look positively at the future of her new home.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because at the beginning of the story, Saeng went to take the driving test and failed, so she went to buy a hibiscus that reminded her of home and gave her strength and comfort. So her mom finally said this because she knew that Saeng was having a hard time adjusting to her new country and she didn't want to put more pressure on her to buy her a flower because she knew that Saeng was very upset and trying to make it up, so she said She should be fit and ready to be tested next spring, because this flower should give her hope. She wanted her to know that she was three years old.
I think the author of "Winter Hibiscus" said "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again." End the story . Many reasons. The first reason is that it shows that she is not giving up. The second reason is that it gives a sense of hope about what is to come. The last reason is that it makes us wonder if she'll make it next time. That's probably why the author ended it this way.
The author of Winter Hibiscus ended the story with a paragraph showing the connection between Hibiscus and @CAPS1. Hibiscus must survive the winter until spring to bloom and grow big and beautiful. @CAPS1 is connecting to the flower and saying that if the flower can handle being confined in a plastic container and surviving the weather, she can get past the hurdles of environmental change. She feels that now she likes Fleur. She was stuck because the area was foreign to her and she had to adapt. Just like the container is foreign to the flower because it is used to freedom. But once it is planted, it becomes part of its surroundings and grows. Once she accepts the change and is willing to start over, she will start to grow, which will make her driving test easier. In conclusion, this is why the author ends the paragraph with this sentence.
In the short story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends with the protagonist Sanger, saying that she will participate in the test of "waiting for the return of the snowmelt geese". I believe hibiscus and a driver's license are like a blooming flower. The first withered, and the later bloomed, so this was added to show that the first withered, and the spring bloomed. It is also a symbol of her continuous blooming. The author's loss-of-line intent was proven early on when Saeng was disappointed by the failed test. She was frustrated with failing her driver's license test, but when she saw a flower in her hometown, she cheered up and began to cry. This shows her bloom as she shifts from negative to positive after seeing the flower from her childhood memory. When she told her mother about the exam, it showed she was wilting and blooming again. She was nervous and scared at first, and was so scared that she tore the leaves to shreds. Then, her mother wiped off the green substance and let her plant it. Then Saeng got a boost in morale and started to feel better. This again shows that she is blooming because she thinks her mother is going to yell at her for failing the exam and instead accepts the plant, showing that she is on the rise again. Saeng falters throughout the story, but manages to rise above it all and give herself the determination to achieve her goals. She is determined to pass the test and bloom again when spring comes. Hibiscus flower shows it in its bud stage. It will bloom like Saeng.
Authors may include parts of the story in paragraphs to add more detail to the paragraph. The author wants to tell about the life of Saeng who silently swears to himself when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts in spring, then I will take the test again, saying that when the flowers bloom and spring comes, I will take the test and pass this test when.
I think the writer ends the story with this because she proved she is capable of doing something she failed the first time. She took the plant and thought of it as a memory and the passage of time. Saeng planted it as a reminder of home and her commitment. "It's not real," Saeng said. "It's not like the kind we used to be." Saeng loves home and wants her back there, but her new commitment is what counts.
The author ends the story with this paragraph as it starts a whole new day. The phrase means she will be tested on a new day. For example, the goose also gave her spring and hibiscus buds, and she was tested in the spring, so that would begin why the writer ended the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to take her driving test in the spring. Spring is a symbol of positive emotions, and she gets positive feelings from the blooming of winter hibiscus.
They had to come back, so they did, and they were walking into a world of the time and childhood in the corner, as she knew it.
This last paragraph is written for several reasons. First, when she feels the time is right, she will try again. Just like the return of the goose, Saeng will come back for testing, so the hibiscus plant will also bloom again. She felt it was the right thing to do and the right time to come back for the exam. This passage is a good description of Saeng's lifestyle and how she will take the exam again when she sees fit.
I believe the author is closing because the author is showing Saeng's determination to pass the test. "She stopped when she noticed the tear stains on her daughter's cheeks and puffy eyes." (Ho) This sentence shows that passing the test means a lot to Saeng. She cried because she couldn't help but buy the plant and it didn't pass the test. She did not want to fail and expressed her grief by crying. " Then I will take the test again." (He) This sentence shows that although she failed, she is determined to pass the test and succeed. Failure hurt her a lot. So she couldn't wait to do it again and pass because she was determined to succeed. It all counts because Saeng shows that determination is the key to success and she makes up her mind.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show saeng's determination and her adjustment to her new home. It showed her determination, as it read "I will take another exam." It also showed that she had settled into her new home.
I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph because she was disturbed by how she was moved. She was also frustrated by her failure to pass her driving test. So she planted the plant, and she said that when spring came, she would retry her driver's license
In He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with a paragraph in which Saeng vows that she will take the exam again in the spring. Minfeng uses this paragraph because it means never giving up, even if you fail the first time. For example, Saeng just failed her driving test, but after buying a Hibiscus and researching it, she realized she shouldn't give up.
The author ends with this sentence for emphasis. This takes Saeng's attention away from the flower and she concentrates on her test. Waiting until next spring to take the exam makes her look forward to it. The statement also shows that you should never give up anything you do. The author ends this with a great note, and the last paragraph is also a break from the rest of the story and what Saeng just did. This was Saeng's last and last thought.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, I guess by saying that when Fleur starts to grow back, she will go back to where she started. I guess that's why because she said, "In spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is being built, I'll take that test again."
The author ends the story with a paragraph so that the reader of the story will actually read it instead of guessing how the story will unfold.
The author's conclusion in the story explains that after all the teamwork and manual work, you should keep this flow every year even though some things may have changed.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to create a sense of hope. Saeng had a bad experience, from failing the exam to a deep sense of loss, after @CAPS1 found Hibiscus and planted it, she seemed to be enlightened. Although she misses her hometown, she still has memories, which makes her very gratified. She showed determination as she announced she would take the test again and seemed more confident in herself. The authors add that saeng will take the exam again in the spring. When looking at prototypes, spring is a time for new beginnings and life. When the hibiscus sprouts (reborn), she will be tested. For Sheng, this will be a new and better start.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show determination. This shows that saeng wants to take the time to adjust to her new life and environment. Then she felt the place was more like a home. She felt that if she had gotten used to the new place for a while, she might have had a better chance of passing the exam. She is determined to pass the exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because when Saeng says it to herself, she promises not to give up getting her driver's license, and the hibiscus makes her feel like home. In the text, Mom said: "@CAPS1 saw this blooming flower by the lake. It's not quite as pretty, but it's strong enough to get it through the colder months, hibiscus this winter. It's a big deal. ." Saeng was not sad when she said that, because she knew that Hibiscus would remind her of Hibiscus at home, which gave her the ability to try again in the spring.
The author said, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." I think the author included this paragraph to show how persistent Saeng is. Saeng perseveres as she tries over and over in this "test" and she tries to adjust to her new country. When it says the quote above, it proves it in the story. This phrase shows that Saeng can try something and fail, then make up his mind to try again and succeed. Also in the story, Saeng moved from one country to another. It was a huge leap, and it was very persistent to give her confidence in herself. The author used "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouted, then I will go to accept that test", which is definitely a description of Saeng. , as the protagonist of a persistent man, that's what the quote is for.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants our children to think about what he said and want to read more. For example, I'm reading a book that ends with a question, and I want to read more about the answer to the question. Another example is I'm reading another book and it ends with a bracket so I want to read another book they have but they don't, so I don't know how the story ends. That's why ending stories like this, so they allow you to read the ending of another book.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. The author wanted to convey a sense of hope to show the growth of her character and to show how things will change. In the last paragraph, when she swears she'll take that test again, it makes you feel like everything will be fine. Earlier in the story, she has been crying and missing her homeland, and the tone is uneasy and sad. The last paragraph shows that the tone is now hopeful. Even if she fails the test, she will still try again. The author also put in a paragraph to illustrate how much her character has grown. Saying to try again shows how strong her final determination is, and she ends the story with that passage, foreshadowing what's to come. The return of geese, the melting of snow, and the budding of hibiscus all indicate the changing seasons. . This represents a change in her, foreshadowing that things will be different from now on.
The author ends the story with this message because if you think about it. If not, that seems to be what the whole story is all about and leaves a chance for re-equality. Obviously, the whole point of this story is to get you thinking.
I think the author added this paragraph because it was a sign of a new beginning for her. Because she is sad, she is always sad.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it means so much to Saeng. Saeng failed her driving test and was afraid to tell her mother that she also spent $19 on the flower/plant "Dok Faeng-noi" they kept at home. For example, "When Saeng failed to pass her driver's license and went home, she saw a familiar plant." The plants Saeng saw meant a lot to her mother. “@PERSON1 let out a little cry of surprise and joy.” Dok faeng-nor” she said. “Where did you get it. " The line said her mother was happy to hear the news. The story ends with that paragraph because after all saeng went through her mother was glad she bought it. "It's a beautiful plant, this dok faeng-noi, she said at last. "I'm glad you got it. "
Authors sometimes use intisting sentences because of concluding sentences that you @MONTH1 have a hard time understanding. In the story "Winter Hibiscus," the author ends her story with "when they come back." Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the gesse returns and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again. " The author says this to show that Saeng is not ready for gardam and needs to lean more. This mother is very disappointed in buying a very expensive plant and shows her inexperience, buying these plants because of your food is Wrong. This shows what they say "I paid $19 for this". "What are you? " She also said "@CAPS1 face. Where did you get it", indicating her surprise at this expensive and beautiful plant. Authes uses these paragraphs and sentences to show or retell the story. The author of "Winter Hibiscus" @CAPS2 Her story with the paragraph because Saeng shouldn't be emotional about plant bascal and she will try again next year not to screw it up.
The author of this article ends the story with such a statement to generate curiosity. Thi created curiosity by writing about spring and the return of geese. Spring is the beginning of many creatures on earth, so Saeng tries to start over because she has to wait for spring. Hibiscus reinforces the feeling of new beginnings, and new bad news grows every year, just like she can get a second chance. Saeng waits for spring because she knows that's when everything else creates new life, so Saeng has to wait until then to get a fresh start
I think the author ends the story with that paragraph because that's when she thinks she'll be ready to retake her driving test. Before she took action, she was frustrated because she didn't pass the exam. Maybe she chose spring because it gave her time to get herself together and practice between spring and spring
The author incorporated this fragrance into "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again" to express her determination. She is determined to pass the exam. Even if she has trouble adjusting to @LOCATION1, she will succeed here. So she'll wait a year and try again when she's ready.
A story from a girl who just moved to United @ORGANIZATION1 from Vietnam. It's hard for the girl to understand anything, anything that can remind her of Vietnam. The author ends the story with this paragraph, because she really failed the test, seeing the desire to see hibiscus budding. "I failed the test," Saeng told her mother. Her mother actually understood why, she would let Saeng keep Hibiscus because it would make Saeng feel better. Saeng misses Vietnam very much and wants to do his best to overcome obstacles.
The author concludes this paragraph because he wants to make it clearer and make the reader more aware of it. That way he can stand out better.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, because that paragraph is about working overtime, she adapts to everything, she can take the exam, so she says "...the geese come back, this hibiscus has sprouted,..." " @CAPS1 All it takes is time. Time to warm up, time to grow. Also, the paragraph is well thought out and relevant to the story as a whole. So she ends with a great paragraph that is very relevant to the story Significant.
In He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus", why this flower represents her happiness at home ends the story with this passage. The flower symbolizes the past and comfort, and once Saeng starts digging "Winter Hibiscus", "she can now hear the sound of cooking in the kitchen", all Saeng's senses begin to return; she's happy, too, that the author uses a goose Explain Sonn's comfort. The country around her began to feel at home. She was familiar with her surroundings. There are many references to home throughout the work, because home is a place of comfort and happiness. So Saeng will gain more confidence which explains why @CAPS1 Ho ends with this sentence.
I think the author ends the story with the phrase "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when @CAPS1 melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I'll take that test again" A bit like the meaning of life for the author. If you screw up, try again and do better.
She ends that part with this story because she really wants people to realize that she is and always has been happy. And she likes where she is. She is doing things in the world, she likes flowers, "the geese have returned, this hibiscus is sprouting", which shows that her favorite thing to do is flowers.
The author ends the story in this way to revisit what is important in the story. "I'll take the test again." It was the test she didn't pass that day. Her failed test tests her memory of home. Her hometown is so important to her. The part in the quote, "When they come back...when show me it and the goose back" refers to when she says, "She realizes that many things she thought were strange before had become... It's almost familiar to her. Like geese," she said of everything about the country, and she's getting used to liking the geese that fly south every winter. When she uses " and this hibiscus is budding," she is saying how she will remember all the things she forgot when she moved to this country. Walking up to the hibiscus, she reaches out and touches a petal lightly. It Feels smooth and cool with a hint of velvet in the middle - like she knows it. The whole statement basically says that as the country becomes more familiar she starts to forget about her country, but when the goose returns in @DATE1 When meaning, she will remember again, she will take her knowledge test again and pass.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he/she is trying to convey the message that plants symbolize a new beginning, which is a symbol of the saeng vows. Also in the story, caring for plants teaches saeng that it is her responsibility to get a license by caring for plants, which will teach her patients that she needs to learn from the mistakes she makes.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows her unwillingness to give up on her new life. "I didn't pass the test," Saeng said, very upset that he didn't pass his driving test. She also doesn't like her new home. "She's still too shaken at home", she misses her hometown, and she really wants to give up. After talking to her mother, her hope was rekindled, so the writer uses this paragraph to show that she still has hope in the end, and try again when she's ready. "When the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus blooms, I'll take the test again."
The author summarizes this in the story to show the tone. This passage shows how Saeng is determined to try the pass again. This teaches readers a lesson. Study hard and don't give up. The last paragraph ends the story with curiosity. It makes you want to no longer or her past.
I think the last paragraph means that after all the other important things happen, she's going to take the exam because it's basically the last thing that has to happen, and I think she's going to pass the exam because it's meant to happen.
I believe that saeng made such a silent vow to herself because after the plant has been through a harsh winter, once everything is back to her liking and the plant starts to sprout again, that represents how hard it is for her to move, so if this plant she is so Deep love, she can survive, and so can she.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" said, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus sprouts, and I will take that test again". "Because it underscores the pain of Saeng coming to a strange place and not passing her first test, but also underscores Saeng's determination to work hard after seeing a flower that resembles home. Very important for Saeng, for example, the text reads "Besides, it's another old friend. A small shrub with waxy leaves and delicate flowers with purple petals and a white center. This excerpt expresses Saeng's love for her hometown through a flower she knows grows in her hometown. Another example is when Saeng told her mom the bad news "I didn't pass the test" @CAPS1's attention was immediately drawn to the flower , her mom can only be better. In short, the hibiscus flower is Saeng's source of strength, because it's the only thing she knows in America. Saeng wants to perform in her tests the same as this flower does in the harsh winter determination.
The author ends the story with the above paragraph to represent the connection between the return of Fleur's bid and the return of Saeng's determination. In the photo of question #@NUM1, the hibiscus flower appears out of place, as if it does not belong to Saeng. Hibiscus represents a connection to Saeng's past, as the author writes: "The plants she already knew but forgot brought her back to her childhood world without even realizing it." Hibiscus is native to her homeland, and by helping Saeng Remembering her past, she begins to deal with the present, and the future later. The goose is back, this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will do another test.
With this sentence, the author explains that Saeng will finally be ready for her test. When the geese return, they are ready to return from the migration, and when the hibiscus sprouts, it is ready to turn into a beautiful flower. Saeng believes that in spring, the flowers and geese are ready, and so is she.
The author ends this paragraph because the narrator is now willing to accept and adapt to her new surroundings, just as Flowers and Flowers would do. Geese prefer warmth to cold, so they fly south through the winter. Saeng's "Cozy Tone" at @LOCATION1 has many childhood memories; including her grandmother and hibiscus. She is used to spending in warm surroundings. So, when the geese come back in spring and the flowers bloom again, she will be more adapted to the life of @CAPS1 and take her driver's license test. The geese and hibiscus are symbolic memories of her home at @LOCATION1, which she misses dearly. Going through these things to try and adapt to the @CAPS1 lifestyle.
Saeng will return to her hometown.
In "Winter Hibiscus", the author used this phrase in the last paragraph "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in the spring, when the snow melted, the geese came back, and the hibiscus sprouts, I would accept that Test again. I believe she ends the story with these words she changed because that's what she says to you when the birds fly away. Even bird season comes back as usual. An example of this is When she said the birds are slowly coming into the hibiscus. Mixed because the last paragraph thought she was going to stay again next season and really liked what she liked to do. That's the story I got in the last paragraph "Winter Hibiscus "What it means to me.
The author summarizes the story in one sentence. The author is showing that when spring arrives and the geese begin to sprout, she silently tells herself that she has to get the certificate again.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to show saeng's determination to survive and be happy in her new home. Although she's not happy with her purchase, she's trying to make it look more homey. When she said "will be taking the test again," she indicated that she wanted her surroundings to be comfortable. To the end of this segment, it also shows the strength of the season. Because it saeng will start over and try her life again. She is content now, but plans to please herself and her mother again in the spring. This passage also promises to discover a new way of life and make friends. This plant is like a symbol of how she will change, she will investigate and pass her own tests, proving that she deserves to be happy and make herself feel at home.
The author concludes this passage in the story because it shows geese roaming the garden in spring.
The author in this story explains how difficult some changes can be. The author also explains how home and household items such as flowers can be comforting. The meaning of the story is to show one of the author's life experiences.
I think the author ended the party because he wanted the reader to know that it's not for the little girl, she's not going to give up growing flowers, and when spring comes and the snow melts she's going to plant some more flowers and see what they'll do in spring, even if It wasn't as good as winter, she did let her stop her I think what the writer was trying to say was if you do something and it doesn't work keep trying maybe something different will happen.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus," the author concludes the story, "Wait for them to come back and do another test." She does this to show that she still has hope and won't give up. She went through a lot when she moved, and there seems to be a depressing feeling in the story. After all the grief in the story, she finally found the energy to tell herself to keep working hard. "@CAPS1 I'll take the exam again." (expressing hope). "And in the warm, humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and cried." She was clearly upset because the plant reminded her of home. In conclusion, I think it is a very wise choice to end this passage with a positive addition.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. One reason is because it lets you know that Saeng will never give up on triing. Another reason is that something as simple as a flower can encourage people to keep going, even when they have nothing to pursue. Saeng says flowers are so important and hard work encourages her to keep doing her best. The author leaves you this sentence because it is very powerful and brings Saeng's courage.
The author ends the story with this, because she has failed the exam and wants to pass the next time, so she did not let her mother down.
I think what the narrator means by saying this is that she wants to come back when all is well. She wants to wait for all the snow to melt and the geese to come back so she can see all the colors of the flour, and if she passes the test this time, she'll drive through all the flour. That's what I think the characters in this story mean.
The writer of the story ends the story with this paragraph because it explains that Saeng will not give up, just like Furong will not give up. Earlier in the story, it explained how Winter Hibiscus was immortal. In the paragraph, when it says, when the snow melts, it means that the season will move on, just like Saeng should move on and try. Also, when the author says the goose is back, it means that the goose will keep coming back, just like Saeng should keep trying to get tested.
I believe the author used these lines in the last paragraph "Wait for them to come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." @CAPS1 He really like very much.
I think the author summarizes the paragraph to show more meaning of the story. The author may want to show more detail in the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to show how she will start over by taking the exam again, just as hibiscus will start over from the bud of a new flower. Saeng shows us how she will overcome the obstacles she will have to face, just like hibiscus and geese will overcome winter. In the story, the author lets Fleur represent a way of adapting to life changes. In a way, Winter Hibiscus represents Saeng because it adapts to the environment, and the environment is winter. Like Hibiscus, Saeng must overcome her obstacles in a new country and retake her driving test.
"When they come back, Sann silently swears to himself that I will take the test again in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts." This is the paragraph the author uses to end the story. In my opinion, the writer added this paragraph to end the story to show Saeng's commitment to adjusting to her new home and leaving her old one. For example, in the story, Saeng can't say "I mean, not like the kind in our house". There were no tears. It speaks to her sadness and inability to let go of her past.
The writer could have used that paragraph to complete the story for a number of reasons. He/she probably completed the paragraph to show that Saeng cares about fitting into her new place, not failure or quiet. It's also possible that the author finished the story this way to show Saeng's determination to succeed and make her mother happy. This is why the author ends the story with a paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng is given a glimmer of hope by Dong Hibiscus. The hibiscus flower reminded her of her native Vietnam, which made her happy. In addition, the hibiscus she bought is different from the hibiscus in her hometown and can survive the winter, symbolizing Saeng's determination to adapt to the new country. Hibiscus's future symbolizes Saeng's survival and adjustment to her new country, which will include her retaking her driving test.
The author ends her story with this sentence for a number of reasons. First, when the wind stops blowing, Hibiscus will be strong again. Therefore, Saeng will also be strong. Also, Saeng is giving herself time to adjust and adapt to her new environment. She is setting herself a real goal. Saeng recognizes flowers. It gave her comfort and brought back precious memories of the things she loved and the things that made her happy, like her home country and her grandmother.
The writer of the story ends it with this paragraph to show Saeng's determination. I said this hibiscus in the story, saw the plant, was happy to see it, happy, but reminded her to try doing her grandmother's hair. She took it as a test for herself. She wanted to see if she could stick to the past and try not to go past. When she wasn't at home, she said "I failed the exam." The snow melted and she wanted to move on, but it wasn't as easy as she had hoped. So when this hibiscus flower shows life in this passage, it shows that Saeng is trying to move on and she is not the seal of the British.
In the story, I believe Saeng is sad because she misses her home and hibiscus. She ends the story well because she can now make peace with herself by waiting to take the exam again. I believe that's why she ends the story like this so she doesn't make herself worried or angry. She can turn the negative into a positive when she says she will retake the test when the goose comes back and the hibiscus sprouts.
The author ends with this sentence because it shows that Saeng will struggle to adjust to her new home. He lets you know that Saeng won't be sad and sad anymore, but she will adapt and move on with her life. "I mean, not like the kind of @NUM1at- that we have," the author added. This is when Saeng first came home to talk to her mother, she was sad because she remembered old memories in her hometown, but adding the last sentence of the story shows that Saeng has decided to move on with her life and not be sad anymore. She has set a goal of accepting it. That's why the author ends his story like he did.
Many authors end their stories in different ways. But Minfong Ho almost ended her story in one sentence, and one of the reasons she ended her story that way was because she kind of revealed what was going to happen to Saeng in the future. It's like "I'll take the test again" at the end. This lets the reader know that she, the author, might write another story about Saeng, but that's when she takes the test again. The second example shows that Saeng is strong and beautiful, but will try again. This is what the author calls "when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts". See she said that this hibiscus refers to sang. Without some of the tips and hints from these writings, we might not know if the same would have happened and what might have happened.
Their authors must have put it in the story to show the change. Because all that is given is what we give, we do, and we rediscover the author. People do not consider small losses, comrades with big changes. Tiny count turnig sioteero, I have to bind. The most important thing is to drive the old times. We've all gone through hardships, big and small, but we need to overcome them
This is a very important passage for the narrator. For example, Saeng says her new home with flowers is more important than school and exams. Also, saeng doesn't have many friends to visit at school, but her hibiscus will remind her of all the old friends she made. Saeng just said to herself that once everything was back to normal or the way she wanted, she could take the test again. In conclusion, the narrator uses this passage to let us know how saeng is feeling.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it ends, ends the story. It shows the relationship between nature, adaptation, and how it all calms her down after failing an exam.
The author ends the story with this sentence, because from winter to spring, the snow will melt and the trees and flowers will bloom in different colors. All the flowers bloom, the leaves grow, and then the pollen finds the right tree. By the end of fall @DATE2 the leaves start to die and change color, then the leaves will fall off. Then it snowed again.
The author ends the story with a sentence, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will test it again", because it shows that Saeng will not Head down. It shows that hibiscus will overcome winter, as Saeng's mom said, "'...but it's strong enough to get through the colder months here, and this winter's hibiscus is what counts." This Symbol of Saeng not only overcoming a failed driving test but moving to @LOCATION1. She's not the same as when she came home, but she's strong enough to get through this change in life. Also, taking the spring exams symbolized a fresh start, everything was new, and she had spent her winter. This closing paragraph is important because it shows Saeng's commitment to herself that she will overcome the challenges ahead of her, and the upcoming @CAPS1. When Saeng says "...when the snow melts...", it symbolizes a moment in her life when failure will be good again. She will take the exam with a whole new look. The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is not going to stay.
The author ends the story with this sentence. In the spring of "Fansang silently swears to himself", when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will accept that test again. Minpong Ho did this because she failed the exam. Saeng failed to fix the fine-toothed comb, the hibiscus hedge, the well and her gentle grandmother. It seems that this thing will not be found until the snow melts, the geese return to their nests, and the hibiscus flowers bud.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, showing Saeng's vision for the future. It's an apt conclusion, drawing from numerous elements in the story and showing how Saeng grew up. Saeng refers to "when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting." In this phrase, she shows increasing acceptance and even love for her new home. The geese are "familiar to Saeng now", although she thinks they were "weird before". Fleur is a part of her past and fits her current situation. Saeng vowed that she will "take the exam again" in the spring, "when the snow melts..." etc. It shows that despite having lost so much - her home, her grandmother, her way of life - Saeng is determined to make the most of her situation. In any case, she plans to pass her driving test in the spring. The last paragraph is an appropriate way to end the story. The threads of Saeng's past and present are thus intertwined, showing her attitude towards the future. The last paragraph almost links optimism with regret with optimistic words. The author's wording is very well done.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because in the story it says "I will take that exam again". So she wanted to say how well she would adapt to the changes in her life. In the story it also says "when they come back" which concludes when the flowers come back next season. How much she will think of her hometown, her grandmother and good things.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because they want the reader to know that another story will be made up. Also to show that Saeng is not happy that the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts.
Now that she knows a lot about plants, the narrator makes the girl seem interested in @CAPS1.R.@CAPS1. New worlds and different plants bloom this season and look so beautiful so my take is this girl really likes plants and my features I say she is an adventurous girl who loves to explore new worlds see what is left to be explained .
The author concludes this story because it shows that immortality can come to her weakness and succeed in her newhome. What @CAPS1 "In spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, the buds of this hibiscus, then I'll take that test again." That means she'll try the @CAPS2 test again from it trying a new test makes her look like where she's at And she can @CAPS3.
There are many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph. The first reason is to show that Saeng is a determined young girl. By vowing to take the "exam" again, she showed she was determined and would not give up. Another reason is because the author wants to emphasize the importance of Saeng's personality idea.
Minfong Ho ends the story with this because it shows Saeng's determination to pass his driving test. The fact that she failed makes her feel bad and brings out homesickness like a familiar plant, but in the final paragraph, she vows that she will overcome all the challenges of being in an unfamiliar place and pull together to accomplish her goals like winter hibiscus .
The author put this sentence in the paragraph because Saeng is a very determined girl. She will keep trying until she gets it right. No matter how long or hard, she will finish it. Like the picture of hibiscus by the highway. Of course it is awake, but it will do anything to survive. It's hard to be strong when you can only rely on yourself, but Saeng made up her mind from her loss and the perfection of Hibiscus.
Saeng said in her epilogue, "I will take the test again when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting." The author ends the story with this passage because she uses hibiscus as an example of survival . Hibiscus is from another place like her, and she uses it to represent her happiness in a new place. In a way, she's saying that if Hibiscus survives this winter, so will I. I believe she used this as a conclusion to portray her uncertainty about her new home.
I believe the author used this as the last paragraph because it tells how Saeng overcame and became strong. She misses her home. For example, Saeng believes that since she cried when she saw the hibiscus plant, she failed, believing that she will get stronger with time.
The author concludes the story with this specific paragraph to summarize the awareness and determination that Saeng gained. First, Saeng started to get upset after failing the exam. When she saw the flower and went to a store to look for it, she was struck by this little reminder of her hometown. That little flower made her realize how much she missed her old home, and it was a good thing for her to buy it. She probably felt that with that flower, in this new world, she could always have a small piece of home. After realizing the importance of memory and seeing the flower's determination to survive the cold winter, she developed the determination to take the exam again. She vowed to do so as she gained confidence from the flower's survival and the recognition of important memories. All in all, the concluding paragraphs reveal these specifics
The author was inspired because of that flower. This flower has the ability to survive harsh winters and adapt to new conditions. She decided she was going to overcome its hurdles, just as flowers do every winter.
Memories, commitments, lives—all of these are ideas that explain why the writer ends the story with this passage. Memory is an idea that helps explain why the writer ends the story with this paragraph, because saeng misses her old life and country. Commitment is another idea because saeng vows that once spring comes, she will take the exam again. Life is another thought, as saeng brings flowers and soil to plant to live on once spring comes, she said she will retake the exam. Memories, commitments, and lives help explain why the author ends the story with this paragraph. Memories will come back in the spring with the promises she made
The author ends the story with this sentence, as the weather is getting colder and all the plants and flowers will die.
Resons I think the author sums up this sentence at the top. I think he came to the conclusion because she was inconsistent in passing the test. She told herself she swore she would take the exam again when the geese returned and the snow melted. I think the other conclusion the writer came to is that because she failed the first time, it was a big deal for her and she had mixed opinions about getting through it. That's why I think the author added it to the story.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng fails her driver's license test, and as she walks home, she finds a flower that reminds her of her former home. She bought the flower and returned to her new home with her mother who worked in the garden. They decided to plant this flower in the garden, and when the flower was planted, a flock of geese flew overhead, and Saeng realized that everything was familiar to her now, and everything was unfamiliar to her. She ends the story by saying that when the geese come back in the spring, she will take the test again. She said that the flower folds, which means flowering or growth, and by then she is grown up and familiar with everything, so when the geese are ready to go home and the hibiscus is ready to bloom, she will be ready for the test.
The authors do this because they are comparing with plants. The author does this because when the plants start blooming, the character's confidence is restored. The author ends the story with this paragraph because it gives the story some meaning.
The author ends the story with a @CAPS1 paragraph to emphasize the story and make it look more interesting so that readers want the story to continue to see what happens next.
I think the author put the last paragraph in this story to show everyone her determination to pass this test and what it means to her to do so, so I think that's why the author put this in the story
The author ends the story of the paragraph with a paragraph because it shows the connection between nature and the girl. The paragraph says, "...when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, then I'll test it again" (NO @NUM1). In the spring of all these events. Spring is a sign of life and birth or renewal. The goose is back. They are "renewed" in a symbolic sense. When the snow melts, you can see the grass again, a sign of life. When plants sprout, they are born. The character decides that she will start over like nature when nature is symbolically reborn and renewed.
He ends the story with his paragraph because he wants to say he's going to take the exam again @CAPS1 when it's not winter, and swears to himself not winTeR by saying he or she will take the exam again in the winter because even @CAPS2 The test didn't pass in winter either, and may pass when TheRe snow melts on the ground
The author included the last paragraph in the story because if you read the rest of the story you would know that the person was talking about when she came back that she wanted to take the test again because the weather would be better The first time she saw it, I Another reason to believe that the author adds this conclusion paragraph at the end of the novel is to show readers whether they really understand the novel and her true purpose in it. So the author first wants to let readers better understand the end of the book through the conclusion paragraph at the end. That's why I think the author added the last paragraph at the end of that novel.
Because they wanted to get it done, they ended up like the first part of the story where I liked the birds coming back and they got some flowers back for them.
Saeng and her mother must be determined to do their best to survive. Saeng and her mother have been through a lot and when she failed the @CAPS1 test she was more frustrated than ever, the author ends the story with this quote to get the reader thinking about how to make up their minds to adapt and survive in a different place, although Saeng Having left their hometown with her mother, they still love the things they did in Vietnam, like flowers, chili peppers and bitter gourd, a taste her friends disagreed with, but that didn't stop her from enjoying her favorites.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that she won't stop trying and one day she will pass that test. She swore to herself, showing determination to overcome. @MONTH1 also makes us want to read make and find out if she tested her oath and if she passed the test. For example, at the end, "When they come back, Sann silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will come back and take the test again."
The reason why the author ends the story this way is because she has a different view of Saeng. He will think that every season she will be in a different mood @CAPS1 and the garden will change so that Mama Saeng will be outside every season.
The author ends the story with this quote because she is demonstrating how something in memory can make someone make up their minds. For example, saeng failed her driving test, but after arriving at the hibiscus plant, it reminded her of her hometown. Plus, she has a newfound familiarity with geese as she grows plants. This combination made her determined to complete her test as there were two reminders from two homes, which was comforting to know that she could easily fit in and cherish her memories.
He said you shouldn't give up, you should keep trying like a spring plant.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she promised herself to take the test again so she could pass it. She would do it in the spring when the hibiscus was in bloom. She needs to take the test and start driving. When people swear to themselves, I think it's a good thing.
He was referring to the way Saeng lived and what they did. and what the weather is like in the area.
The author decided to end the story with this sentence to show that she will wait until she does it again next year. She will wait for it and do it all over again. She will wait for it and prove she can do it again, and she's used to living there by now.
The author ends the story this way to show a new beginning of spring. Like spring flowers blooming and budding, she will become a new and better person. That's why the author ends the story this way.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, indicating that Saeng will try the test again and get a fresh start. Also, I think it shows the reader that if you fail the first time, don't be afraid to go back and try again. I also think the hibiscus symbolizes her because she failed her exams in winter and didn't like what was on her. But in the spring, when the hibiscus buds grow, she will start the exam again, and the flower will have a new living environment.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it leaves you to interpret and decide. It won't come out and tell you what the test is for, or even if she passes it, that's up to you. It also makes you wonder what will happen until then. The ending of the story can be anything you want, it's up to the interpretation. It can mean different things to different people.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because that paragraph says when she's going to try to take the exam and make changes in her changing life. For example, she is sad in the story because she failed the exam and wants to go home. If she died in the spring, she might try to make a change and live here. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng is finally happy with her new "home". This passage is mostly a reflection of Saeng's old life, and ending it this way means she's used to her new way of life. For example, it says "Spring, the geese return...", which shows that she is now accustomed to the nature of geese and her new world. The author also uses the last paragraph to express a sense of release. Saeng has so many memories locked in her old life that she can't catch new ones in her new home. The author's use of this paragraph is a great way to end the story because it gives the reader a light-hearted scene where the birds fly away; Saeng escapes her misery and becomes a true part of her new world.
The last paragraph reveals something special to the reader. Saeng is given new hope winter mother understanding and hibiscus plants. Seeing the hibiscus flowers that reminded her of her hometown, she felt hopeless, miserable and incomparable. However, when she got home, seeing the roots of the plant buried in the ground gave her new resolve. Flowers represent her. In Saeng's case, it was adapted to survive cold weather or tough times. The root is her past, buried but not forgotten. The real flower represents Saeng's new life in a new country. Author Minfong Ho anthropomorphizes or humanizes the non-living things in the story. That's why the author uses the last paragraph and then she does.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's determination. It also linked driver testing with hibiscus plants. Meaning, when everything else starts to come alive, so will she. She needs the momentum of her surroundings Throughout the story, Saeng is influenced by his surroundings. For example, when she was in the greenhouse, it would take her back to childhood, "like stepping into another world. A fiery world, full of green...she didn't even realize that the plants she had known but had forgotten put She pulled back her childhood world."
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng finds solace in the plant after failing the test. The plant reminded her of home and connected her to past experiences. Although she failed the exam the first time, she felt that if she studied again, she would pass. This is related to hibiscus, because in winter the plant dies, but when spring comes it is beautiful and blooming. Saeng feels connected to plant rebirth and feels that she can start over and do well on the test. So the author made Saeng swear to wait until spring comes and the hibiscus blooms to test the section.
@CAPS1 Why did the author end the story by saying, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this bibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. " This is over because Saeng is basically saying that it's time for her to take the test and she will believe she passed the test,
The author ends the story with this paragraph by saying that in due time she will take the test she fails because she believes Fleur will help her overcome the obstacle. I believe she bought the plant when she failed the exam, and she hopes that as the plant blooms, I will give her a schedule to let her know when she is ready to try again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it is a meaningful summary of the events in the story. Everything that happened to Saeng while florizd was boiled down to something akin to revenge. The whole reason Saeng was upset in the first place was that she failed her driving test. In the final paragraph, she vows to take the exam again when the hibiscus buds. The hibiscus that Saeng buys will start to sprout in the spring, when the snow melts. The final paragraph of the story has roem letting Saeng express her nostalgia for winter. Finally, the geese flying south made Saeng sad, but they ignited a spark in her heart, and she told herself that when the geese returned, the hibiscus buds, and the snow melted, she would take the driving test again.
In the last paragraph, they try to express what is about to happen. As soon as winter is over, spring is here, which means Hibiscus will come back, just like home. The goose will also come back, so she will take the quiz again. For her, it was like starting over and hoping she would get through. She also loves hibiscus and seams, maybe she can do it better. In general, a new era is coming.
I think the author of "Winter Hibiscus" finally wrote, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will test it again, "because it tells us Shows the importance of plants and how it will help her through. It also symbolizes that when the plant sprouts and fights all obstacles to survive, she will overcome obstacles to pass the driving test. For example, in the story it says "When the snow melts, and the geese come back", the author relates this to Saeng and her struggle to get through these struggles to get through the winter. It also says "Like a goose. She looks up and sees their unique me etched in the evening sky, slowly looking into the distance." The phrase is that she will rise to the challenge and overcome it. To sum up, the famous saying "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus holds, I will take that test again" because it shows a similar struggle between flowers, Overcome challenges and finish what started between Saeng and Goose.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it makes sense. The author is saying that when these animals and creatures get their chance, she gets hers too. For example, the goose will come back, the hibiscus will have a chance to sprout, and she will have a chance to take a driving test. I know this because Saeng's mother started talking about how great this plant would be in the spring. She even said, "But it's strong enough to get it through the cold months." This shows that the mom is trying to tell her she's going to get a second chance. That's why the story ends with this sentence.
Why the author ends the story with this paragraph because it tells about the seasons, how they change, how they come and go, they start with a new season and then something different. I guess that's why the title of this story is called winter hibiscus, because after spring is winter, when spring comes, they have all the beautiful flowers that smell great. Spring passes winter, so all the plants are dead and they won't be the same as before.
In @CAPS1 Ho's "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng didn't give up, she kept trying. The author ends the story with a small paragraph that makes a lot of sense. "...In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", Saeng said, saying that she will never give up, give new things a fair chance, and always remember her hometown. The author ends the story in such an inspiring way because it reinforces the theme. A lot can be learned in a few words.
The author chose to end the last paragraph of the story with the following reasons. Eternal said she will resume her driving test in the spring. Archetypically, spring symbolizes a new beginning or a new opportunity. Ending the story with this archetype shows that, later, Eternal has a new chance to succeed in her test and also make the best of it at @LOCATION1 and adjust to her new life. When she bought the Hibiscus factory, she remembered her old home and all the fond memories she had with it. The plant seems to give her hope and the last paragraph of this story mentions Fleur. So having Hibiscus by side will give her hope to pass her test and adjust also as @LOCATION1's side recalls her hometown in Vietnam
The author concludes in the final sentence that when the plants start to grow and the goose comes back, she will try again. Plants, for example, have to regrow foot pedals, and geese have to resettle and find food. The author is saying that when the goose comes back and the plant grows again, she will take the test again.
The author wrote this paragraph because she went back to the house for dinner, because she couldn't see the garden until the other day, because winter came and she won't go out to play again after winter. As she said, "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." This sentence explains why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
I have to say, the reason the narrator ends with this is because if you think about it, it's a solution. And you wouldn't put the solution anywhere else, but in the end that's why she put it there.
The author ends the story with this paragraph The author shows that Saeng has not given up, she has also found a hobby to look forward to. An example of "The hibiscus in winter is now on the ground, Saeng tamped the soil around it while it was locked and Canada geese flew over", That's why the author included the story in this paragraph.
The author ends the story with this sentence because it shows an understanding of the beauty and wonder of nature. Saeng spent a lot of money on a unique flower called dok faeng-nol. Saeng took the driver's license test but failed, and during the test, she discovered the plant. Ashamed of failing the exam, she still showed her mother the flowers she found, which were different from the ones at home. Her mother was happy with the flowers and understood that Saeng failed the test. Her mother said of the flower: "It's not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get it through the cold months here, this winter's hibiscus. That's important to make a metaphorical speech, When she learns more refinedly and is ready to try again, Saeng will hopefully pass her exam again. The geese fly away for the winter and come back in the spring, symbolizing the beginning of a new success.
The author concludes this because it's getting warmer outside and they're going to take the exam again because it's dirty outside now.
It was actually a very powerful final statement, and even though she didn't pass her driver's license test, she realized she had to stay strong and patient. Soon the goose will be back, the snow will melt, and she will "come back" to take the exam, determined to pass. Saeng bought hibiscus and it felt like she was back in Vietnam, as if it could fill that place in her heart if she missed it. "I bought it for nineteen dollars". She said it was like her disappointment in failing a test, and the claim that it was free in Vietnam was too expensive in the US. Hibiscus is tropical, so when it blooms in spring, that's when she's ready to try the test again.
The author concludes the story with this endding as it shows that if the plant comes back and blooms then she will go back to take the exam and try to pass the time. She knew it would be tough for her to come back and pass this test, but she knew, just like she knew, that the plant would hit back through the winter and bloom in the spring, and she could do it. This gave her confidence that she could pass this test, and if the plant survived a tough winter, they would. So, that's why the author ends this story.
It seems to me that the author ends up saying that she will retake her driving test because not only will she take her driving test again, but her life will be more comfortable. The driver's test wasn't the main issue, but adjusting to her new environment made Saeng so heartbroken. For example, @NUM1 Saeng's thoughts are "a wave of loss so deep and intense now sweeps her eyes and sweeps her" and "In the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng stops to cry." This photo shows Saeng Difficulty adjusting to the new life, remembering the old memories she once lived and crying because it was gone. I think it was just a small thing that her failing driving test ended up causing her because of the stress, when she said, "This hibiscus is sprouting, I'll take another test." That means she'll get over all that and go on go ahead.
Fortunately, the author ends the story with this paragraph. Saeng loves hibiscus, so when spring comes and the hibiscus will bloom, it would be the perfect time to be tested again as it has failed. Taking the driving test again at the right time might give her more confidence. So all in all, that's why the author summarizes that part of the story
The author ends the story with this because she says she will grow with the seasons. She was in a new country and had just failed a driving test. She is frustrated, but Hibiscus reminds her to go home. In the story @CAPS1 mum said: "I've seen this plant blooming by the lake and it's strong enough to make it through the winter. I think Saeng can relate to this because if this flower can bloom in winter, she can bloom in a new country.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the auther ends the story with this last paragraph, "When they come back, immortals silently swear to themselves in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, and this hibiscus is building, then I will take the test again, auther completes the story for that paragraph because at the beginning, immortal purchased the hibiscus plant because it already reminded her of her hometown. ("The plant, she didn't realize, she already knew, but forgot to put her back into her childhood world") So she bought it, but because the weather was bad at the time, immortality had to get in time and plant it back in gardening plants, but she didn't set it up if there was time, that's why it said "I Will take the test again". She will take it again in the spring when the hibiscus blooms again. That's why auther completes this paragraph of the story.
The author ends this paragraph this way because it shows that she @MONTH1 will not give up. I @MONTH1 This is because she silently swears to herself that she will be taking the exam again in the spring, and, well, it's aiudieres and not the harvest of the old days. In short, they are one of the reasons why the author ends the paragraph this way.
The story of "Winter Lotus" was written by He Minfeng. The author ends the story with this sentence, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." The reason for this is to make her There is time to adapt. Saeng just needs a little reassurance because all this is foreign to her. The phrase was in figurative language, because the goose reminded her of herself, "She's almost familiar now. Like a goose."
Like he said, the show is melting, the goose is returning, the hibiscus is sprouting, and it's all the most exciting. Grass is growing, trees are budding, @CAPS1 is singing
In He Minfeng's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with an interesting paragraph. Duan Zi said, "When they come back, Sang En silently swears to himself that when the spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." "The author ends the story with that paragraph, because she is not in her own place. In her comfort zone, she moved to a new country and missed everything like flowers and hibiscus. So she would wait until she felt at home and comfortable again before reshooting the test. In the text, it says "passing season after season of quiet Repeat, she's almost familiar now. " She realised it wasn't that bad and she was used to it.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, "When they come back, Sann silently swears to himself that when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The audience has something to think about, and it brings more drama to the story.
The author ends the story this way to show that she will be alright and stay determined. The way she talks about the times ahead shows her confidence to hold on until spring. The way she talks about the exam shows her determination. The use of the word "swear" indicates that she will stand by her statement.
The author ends the story with this sentence because she lets people know that she prefers nature to school.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the whole story is about flowers and the author says that when hubiscius sprouts, I will take that test again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she tells us what to expect outside the story we're reading. That means when the snow melts, she'll start over and rebuild the greenhouse.
I think the writer ended the story the way she showed determination. I also believe it symbolizes adaptation, and when the seasons change, Saeng is put to the test again. Everything will be back to normal soon and will adjust like her. Everything is "almost familiar to her now" (@NUM1).
The author ends this one because it gives hope. It's like the happy ending of a sad story. It's also her final thoughts on the story and a happy ending.
The author ends this section in the story because that's when she starts growing plants again and she wants to start over
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it explains that Saeng will try again once spring comes. For example, "I failed the exam" (Ho) shows that saeng did not pass the exam, but had her mother plant a hibiscus in her garden. Her mom is sad about Saeng's failure, so she cooks to make her feel better and tries to forget about the failure. This is important because Saeng feels a sense of comfort and relief knowing that she can take the exam again with confidence.
For some reason, the author ends the story with this paragraph. Saeng silently swore to himself. It showed that she had calmed down and that she felt better about her new country. She felt that the wind and the snow met, and the geese returned, and she said that she would take the test again. This shows that she is not sad about the test. She knew she had an opportunity to build on it and do better. She feels differently about her problem. She sees her new country differently. Everything is better with her. These are some of the reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author said, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to herself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back, this hibiscus will sprout, then I will take the test again" to show that she will start over. When she saw the flower, the clerk told her it was a hibiscus flower. Hibiscus flowers brought back memories of her childhood. Then she took it home and showed the plant to her mother. Her mother replied, "What are you?" and heard her daughter tell her how much. Since the hibiscus brought something important, she gained more hope. She said that as soon as the flowers bloom and the geese come back, she will start, she means she will start over, start over.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's determination despite his grief. She misses Vietnam, but next year she will take the exam again. The author's wording in the last paragraph conveys a sense of hope and anticipation. In the story, Saeng is disappointed in herself for failing an exam, but buying the plant helps her because it reminds her of home. The final paragraph conveys the hopeful tone of Saeng's persevering thoughts and story.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it seems to be a big idea of "Saeng" and it's basically the main reason for everything, not the theme of the story. She also @MONTH1 may have ended the story with that particular paragraph because it was her last and last thought, or a memory of her life/lifestyle prior to where she now lives. "
The author ends the story with "Snow melts in spring, geese return, and hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again", because Saeng failed the test and bought a Big Mac with money, but he couldn't get enough to eat. The kind of flowers her mother sent. So since Saeng failed the exam, she wanted to take it again to make her mother happy.
I believe the author ends the story with this sentence because it gives a feeling of uplifting after the story is so sad. Saeng misses her hometown, is sad, uses flowers for relief, is sad about her driving test, really loves the plant. So the last sentence seems appropriate as a comfort zone to put the reader at ease.
The author ends the story with these last few lines to set a tone of hope that creates a theme. The last few lines have a big impact on the reader because it's the last thing they read. In this story, Saeng refers to "when I see". The snow here symbolizes the grief she faced after leaving home. At one point in the story, "Saeng broke down and cried!" Spring is when the archetype is reborn. However, so "the show will melt" and her sadness will disappear. This sets a tone of hope for happy times ahead. Secondly, saeng refers to the time when the hibiscus sprouts. Hibiscus represents a comforting connection to her homeland. She called the plant "another old friend." If the hibiscus blossoms, then her new life will also be comforted to the point where she feels safe because of her. This sets the tone of hope for future comfort. Although she failed the first time, she promised to take the exam again. What did the author use? ? ? hope? ? ? home? ? ? We got over it. She shows optimism about spring and a willingness to face challenges. so he? ? ? ? Make a hopeful home. ? ? ? A life lesson of courage.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with this paragraph because it reveals the importance of winter hibiscus. In the story, Saeng moved from Vietnam and was very homesick. She failed her driver's test and was very upset. When she saw familiar plants, she was reminded of her home in Vietnam. Winter Hibiscus reminds Saeng of her fond memories of her grandmother and simple things like her beauty. Toothed buffalo horn combs and hibiscus hedges, leaving soft red petals in her well water. When seeing familiar plants. “Saeng felt such a strong shock, it was almost visceral. “It showed how important Seremban was to her. The author ends the story with that passage to illustrate that Hibiscus is a comfort to Saeng and will encourage her to do better in her next driving test.
After reading "Winter Hibiscus", I can see that Saeng is a man of perseverance and loves nature. I could also see her determination to pass the exam. The author ends the story with this paragraph because at the beginning of the story, Saeng failed his driving test. As she walked home, she encountered a familiar plant. This brings her into the world of her childhood. If she fails the test, she will never walk home and encounter the factory. The author doesn't want us to forget why she walked home. It will never happen.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that she'll have another chian next spring. The authors indicated that Saeng would be associated with flowers or hibiscus plants and tested again. The author does this to leave a cliff, it shows that there is more to Saeng's life, but it will still come. In the story, Saeng tries to adapt to the change, but she is sad. Her mother hole cheered her up, but it was like winter had come. Saeng will take the diver exam again next spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph "Wait for them to come back...then I'll take the test again because Saeng just like hibiscus needs time to grow. Saeng didn't do well in the test, but said she will try again when it snows." Melted ,spring is coming. After moving, Saeng felt lonely and wanted to go home, but she felt in her heart that she could try to give time. Hibiscus reminds Saeng of the flowers of her hometown, which makes her understand that she must let go of her past and live in the present.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that saeng is mature about it and has the confidence to know she can take it again. When it says "saeng silently swears to herself that she thinks of everything, it's almost like she's going to start over.
The author ends the story with a sentence about retaking her test when the goose comes back and the hibiscus is sprouting because they each represent something else. Geese represent change because they change the environment in winter, just like Saeng changed the environment by going to the plant area. Hibiscus reminded her of home because there are similar plants in her house. The sprout of hibiscus represents a new life, just as Saeng must live in a new home. In general, the phrase used by the author's time is for the life of @CAPS1, not the goose and the hibiscus.
Saeng is delighted when the snow disappears because she can't wait until spring returns to see the animals running around her garden and the beautiful geese flying around after a long and difficult hibernation. So Saeng is happy to see that everything is back, so this time she promises to pass the test
The author ends the story with this paragraph as Saeng is waiting for the end of winter time. After the winter, Saeng has to take the exam again, and she can plant flowers. Saeng really likes this hibiscus and she doesn't want it to die in winter.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to show how flowers can empower little girls. The girl was in a new place, back at her home with so many beautiful flowers that she loved to see, and being in a new place without them really upset her and upset her. She misses her home so she is miserable and the only thing that comforts her is flowers. For example, the girl says, "It's not true...I mean, not like the ones we used to be..." and she stops here because she's so upset that she can't say go home. The flower she has now isn't real, but when the real one blooms in the spring, seeing it will comfort her and give her the confidence to retake the exam.
The author's conclusions speak to her feelings. The author's conclusion is to say to me, "Wait until the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", which means that she is a newcomer. For example, after the exam, she will change. Plus she's ready for new things. The test for her, for example, is being ready to accept new things. This is what I got from the conclusion.
The author ends this paragraph to show that Saeng has. hope. The description is still hopeful. Closing paragraphs let you kind of create your own ending for Saeng. I like to imagine that there is a big garden next to Saeng, she passed the exam.
I believe the author ended the story with this paragraph for several reasons. The last paragraph brings together everything about the conclusion in the last paragraph. It tells us that in the spring when all things recover, Saeng will find the strength to take the exam again. These central ideas expressed in the previous paragraph show how Saeng and her mother fit in, new things begin in spring, and new possibilities. It read "I know," her mother said calmly. "I've seen this flower blooming by the lake. It's not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, the winter hibiscus." That means and represents even far from Saeng's hometown life is different, and they adapt and survive in their own way.
The author ends the story her way because it shows that Saeng needs to recover from a failed exam before he can take the exam again. Saeng already knew she could heal. She realised she was used to where she lived now and that things in her new land, like the sound of a goose, were now "familiar to her". The story's narrator said: "...she realized that many of the things she used to think were strange were now...almost familiar to her." Things at Saeng's new home were foreign to her at first, but she has Healed and got used to it. Saeng also recovered from leaving her original Vietnamese homeland. She was sad when she left home, "a work so deep and intense that it stabbed Saeng's eyes and now swept over her." But she has recovered. Saeng remembers the flowers she met in Vietnam as "old friends," suggesting that remembering them didn't hurt her. When Saeng recovers from failing her driving test, as she did when she moved to the US from Vietnam, she can retake the test without suffering.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that the character Saeng will adjust to their new home and stay strong. I believe that when Saeng's mother said, "Its flowers are not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, this winter's hibiscus," I think Saeng's mother also kinda misses Saeng it's almost like if she Saying that the move here left Saeng scars, but she will be as strong as anyone who fails the exam and survive the changes, she will study more and try to pass it next time. Saeng will not give up, she will continue to persevere, Saeng knows that it is difficult to adapt to the changes in life, but with a little courage and hard work, everything will be easy. If she believed in herself, she could settle down in this new place.
When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again. There are many reasons for that. One is because when winter comes, all the snow kills her garden. So that's why she wants it to be spring again so she can start growing in her garden. She has to test what she is growing to make sure someone eats it @CAPS1. That's why I thought about that passage "When I came back, Sang silently swore to myself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again."
In He Minfeng's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with an interesting paragraph. That is, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that when the snow melts in spring and the geese return, this hibiscus has sprouted, and I will take the test again" (@NUM1). This shows that the girl is adjusting to her new country and hopes to do better in the spring. The author ends the story emotionally with this paragraph because it shows that the girl has successfully adjusted to her new country and is determined to become stronger over time. She said that when Fleur came back, she would be ready to take the test again and not fail.
Hibiscus budding means flowers are growing. That's a colorful flower, nothing beats it. The reason another flower can't beat it is because that flower represents so much, it's one of the most natural flowers around.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because that's how he wants the story to end. He wanted to end the story with her talking to herself.
People have to adapt to different cultures when they move. They can do this in a number of ways, including making new friends and adjusting to the area. However, you should still keep your old home in mind when adjusting to the new area. This is what He Minfang tries to show in the ending paragraph of the story, "Winter Hibiscus". In the story, a teenage girl named Saeng moved to @LOCATION2 from Vietnam, and she has various memories of her old home while visiting plants. shop. She bought a plant common in Vietnam and planted it in her garden. The last paragraph of the story says: "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will drive to take the test again". It shows Saeng's desire to fit into the culture, by taking the driving test, and remembering her past by keeping flowers. The last paragraph summarizes Saeng's sentiments about her hometown and her determination to succeed here.
Because she promised herself that when spring came, she would take her driver's test again.
The author ends this paragraph to show her determination. when she said. "...When the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." Saeng is explaining how the geese have the determination to fly back, and the hibiscus has the determination to germinate again, so why shouldn't she have the determination and confidence to take the test again . "I didn't pass the test," Saeng said. Failing the driving test seemed to make her feel like she was going to fail in her new country. But after she saw the determination of Goose and Fleur in harsh conditions, she decided to try again.
The author ends the story with that paragraph explaining how she took the exam, and it's winter, when all the flowers come back to life and start again. Saeng wants to take the test again to prove to her mother that she can pass the test, and she buys a plant called . dorl Faeng-noi spent $19 to help her mother not be disappointed. However, the mother was disappointed that she spent so much money on the plants.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that when she sees things in her home and life, she finds comfort in what she does. The author seems to need something from home to help her make the most of things and bring back fond memories of her early years. I think that whenever I want to do a good job, it helps to think about the good things that mean a lot to me so that I will be happy and want to do good things. The author is smart and wants to see these things to get her to retake the exam, because if she sees her plants doing well and sees the memory of the goose again, it will be her luck.
The author chose this passage to end the story to show that Saeng has gained new hope from her memories and the new familiarity of her new home. Failing the driving test and being far away from home left Saeng feeling lost. When Saeng was in the flower shop, "realized that the loss was so deep and intense that it stabbed Saeng's eyes and now swept over her." For the rest of the story, Saeng remains depressed and readers aren't sure if she'll be alright stand up. Then her recovery begins with the presence of the familiar. "Spicy little bitter gourd floated out, Saeng is drooling", "Winter Hibiscus" is now in the ground and now go to mulberry. " This familiarity with geese gave way to new awareness and a new wave of hope. She realized that she was now beginning to familiarize herself with many things about her new sharpening that she initially thought were strange. That's what the last paragraph explains to the reader. It sums up Saeng's newfound hope that she will not only learn to live in her new home, but thrive in it.
The author ends the story with this sentence, as it shows that for her, hibiscus symbolizes overcoming obstacles. It's symbolic of that because she says "...the goose is back, it's budding, and I'll take that test again" (Ho @NUM1). This shows that even if she fails this time, when Furong gets bigger, she will retake the test, which shows? ? ? or overcome obstacles. I also believe it symbolises overcoming obstacles as it "gives her strength from where she came from". This shows that it symbolizes overcoming obstacles as it will help her overcome this ordeal. It will do this by giving her strength or comforting her. From this you can see that the author ends the story with this sentence. ? ? ? ...
I believe the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it says that Saeng is confident and willing to go back and take the exam. Saeng feels good about himself and wants to do so.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng is taking the exam. In the story, there are some quotes that support my answer "I didn't pass the test," Saeng said. This shows that she is taking an exam about gardening. Another reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is because the story is about spring, gardening, and life for them. This paragraph talks about spring and flowers. Daughter and mother grow vegetables and fruits for a living.
The last paragraph of the story. " Winter Hibiscus by He Minfang is important to the story. The last paragraph leaves a clear ending so that the reader knows exactly what will happen in the future. This paragraph is a very important ending to the story because it represents the Symbols. The author concludes that Hibiscus is important to her. Along with Hibiscus, geese and melting snow also represent new beginnings and new beginnings. These symbols are important to her because they give her a chance to start over , she sees this in winter hibiscus flowers.
Immortality was very disstrout knowing she failed the test and giving her the test she felt as though it was a disappointment or disappointment. This sentence shows the ambition and determination to live forever so she can pass this test.
The author ends the story with when they come back..." to show how saeng changes throughout the storyline. At first, she refers to her new home as "walking into another world." As a teenager, She had to leave Vietnam, where the traditions are very different from the U.S. However, there is one plant that is similar, the winter hibiscus. This plant connects her previous life and home to her current one. Moving is very Difficult to get used to, but the plant exudes a familiar smell and a "familiar scent" that "fills her lungs". Sheng couldn't even hold the word "at home" in tears. Once the winter hibiscus is on the ground , it changed life and she realized she needed to appreciate what she had. Anyway, the author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows how similar this plant is to life and how her outlook on life has changed .
I feel like the writer ends the story with this sentence to show how Saeng fits into her new home but still values her old home. The gist of the sentence is that Saeng will show her perseverance by taking her exam again in the spring. However, this sentence also shows how Saeng learned about her new world. "When the snow melts, the geese come back," she said, which is important because the geese and the snow are now her home and she accepts them now. However, Saeng also said, "when this hibiscus sprouts" , which shows that Saeng is still thinking about her hometown, because the plant is her connection to the memory of Vietnam. So I feel like the writer is showing how Saeng ends the story with this sentence, she is growing up and living the changes in her life.
I think what the author is saying today is that hibiscus is trying to thaw during the winter. While Plants Must Die, Hibiscus Must Face It
I think the author includes this because she doesn't want her audience to guess what's going to happen next. Then "I'll take the test again." The line is that she @MONTH1 failed the factory test, but she'll never give up, and when spring comes, she'll try again. I think the author added this to better understand what it's like to leave home and come to a place you don't know or understand, like the flower situation in the story. When she thinks about the plants and how they smell, she thinks of her ancient sense of home, and her closeness to her grandmother. She's used to plants growing freely, not seeing them in pots with no room to grow. Seeing this makes Saeng break down and cry. In conclusion, I think the author added this paragraph at the end for understanding, so let's not let Saeng @MONTH1 be in a new place with a new culture, but she will never give up on that test until she feels she has passed .
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" deliberately put the last paragraph in it. Honestly, the story is better too. The last paragraph said: "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." @CAPS1 @NUM1. When the author writes about all that will happen, it symbolizes rebirth and a new beginning, a new opportunity, and that's exactly what Saeng needs to hold his driver's license. The author makes a strong point. Put these symbols there to show hope for girls to get through tough times. In the end, the story has a sense of roundness, and at the end of the last paragraph, the story is complete.
I think the reason the author ends the story with that paragraph is because it's a good learning story from which you can learn something. The author does this to give you a better understanding of the story. It says "saeng. A teenage girl whose family has moved to Vietnam America." So from reading it tells me it tells you what happened before the story. So you can get a better understanding. For me, it raps for you. That's why I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
I'm sure the writer of "Winter Hibiscus" will end the story like she did because saeng agreed to take the exam again. She wants to take the exam when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts. In other words, when spring comes, she will be ready for the exam. "The flower isn't as pretty, but it's strong enough to survive the cold months here, these winter hibiscus. That's what counts," Saeng said in the story. I think since she just moved from Vietnam , saeng uses this as a guiding light. She plans to make it and use the plant as a symbol. She will try her driver's license again at the beginning of the spring.
The author uses "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to herself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will test it again", because it is as refreshing as her mother, awake Come, restore yourself. If that happened, Saeng said, she would retake her driving test. She was really sad that she failed. "I- I didn't pass the exam" She seemed embarrassed + sad. So the last paragraph is a good description of what Saeng is going to do. She will see the bright side of things, recover herself, come back and pass the test
I tell this part in the story because hibiscus is a valuable plant and the garden is up to you if you like to grow something like her mother grows peppers. Gardens are a way of @CAPS1 like you can grow different types of food and different plants in the world like @CAPS2, lilies and others like that.
The author ends the story with that paragraph as she tries to overcome an obstacle. Failing the driving test was a setback for Saeng, so she plans to take the test again. She intends to use hibiscus as a motivation, because hibiscus winter is like overcoming an obstacle.
Why I think the author ends the story with this paragraph is because I think it shows what it actually means to her and shows that she does care and by showing that she does care will be tested again.
She ends the story with that paragraph because she wants everyone to know that she feels most comfortable in the spring. It also said she couldn't wait for the geese and hibiscus to start budding because it was her favorite time of year.
Saeng felt uncomfortable with her regrets and did not adjust to the changes in her move. She found Hibiscus and chose to buy it because it reminded her of her home in @LOCATION2. When she brought it home, her mother seemed shocked at the price saeng paid at first, but was more sympathetic when she realized she missed @LOCATION2. Sheang said she will retake the exam in the spring. She also hinted that she will change her attitude towards living in @LOCATION1.
I think the author draws conclusions in the story because he is talking about when the goose will come back.
The author concluded that because she wanted to show that Saeng did not give up. I say this because she moved to a place she didn't like and didn't know anyone. The author tries to tell us not to give up no matter what we do, to have confidence. In the end, Saeng believes he can pass the exam next time. She @MONTH1 has realized that just because you don't want to go somewhere, doesn't mean you can't go on.
The author ends the story this way to give the reader an idea that if they fail, they can't quit. When Saeng said that I would come back and take the exam again when spring came, it showed that she would not give up and that life would go on. That's why I think the writer chose to end the story this way.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph to show that she doesn't want to give up battling her homesickness. The first time she bought that plant, it brought back memories of her old home, and it showed how much she missed it. Says shell doing another test shows she doesn't want this to beat her in her new home and her new life.
The author summarizes the saeng oath in the story to show that the saeng can and does have the ability to overcome obstacles. Saeng felt like a failure. Her hibiscus represents the courage to overcome her obstacles, the driving test she failed. The geese represent survival, never give up, keep working hard, and move towards success.
The author ends the story with this, because the girl in the story is almost like the flower itself. Just as the flowers bloom, Saeng will be put to the test again, and both will have a fresh start. Finishing the story in this way makes the reader feel positive, it's a short ending, but it has a lot of meaning. "...and this hibiscus is sprouting, then I'll try it again." I think that last sentence is almost inspirational, it makes you want to start over as much as Saeng.
The author said, "Wait for them to come back, in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again" for many reasons. Some of the reasons are that she will move on and adjust to her new life in Canada. She will change her way of life and try to adapt to her new culture. She will also have to relive her grandmother's memory again and hopefully deal with it better. "A sense of loss that was so deep and intense, that stinged Saeng's eyes, is now sweeping over her." She wished she could handle the loss better. The author wants to emphasize that the story is not over yet.
There are many reasons why the narrator could have ended this paragraph. This is one reason winter starts, so hibiscus won't come back until spring. And, it's the end of the story, so it's a good way to end it because it's the end of Fleur and it's the end of the story. The last paragraph also sums up the story, short and sweet. This makes it a great ending to the story. It's not like most endings of the story, so it's unique. Because most stories are not about nature. In conclusion, there are many reasons why the narrator may choose to end the story with this passage.
The author ends the story with his paragraph to show how people can regain their resolve. As the story begins, Saeng is disheartened by failing his driving test. When she saw Fleur, she was filled with memories of the past and cried. Her mother's kindness led Saeng to draw strength from the flower, which, as her mother said, was "enough to get through the cold months here". Saeng reiterated her determination to pass the test after @CAPS1 said hibiscus will sprout in spring.
The author ends with this response because he tries to say that Saeng will repeat herself, but this time more helpful to the garden and her mother. Struggling to finish her schooling and focus less on gardening.
Saeng's personality in this story shows firmness and confidence. I think she felt she could do more experienced things with different plants. I also think it's the perfect hobby experience for someone who loves plants. I think Saeng @MONTH1 has achieved her planting goals. I think she @MONTH1 wants to pursue her gardening career. When she said that when the plants came back, she would take the test again. I think she means she's open to exploring more plants. I think she @MONTH1 got this growing experience from her mother. To me, this @MONTH1 is a family tradition. Saeng may have children and teach them different types of flowers.
The author ends the story with this quote to show that Saeng is looking forward to his life with a positive attitude. This shows that she will no longer be frustrated by the changes in her life. Hibiscus was used as a device for this storyline. When the hibiscus changes, the story changes. At first, Saeng felt hopeless without Hibiscus. When she saw it, she remembered her past and was sad. Once she's got a plan, things will start to get better. When the last paragraph says, "When they come back...this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will take that test again", it shows that Saeng is looking positively at her future, and with this positive change, she is beginning to accept With this change, the hibiscus is now beginning to bloom. The author ends the story in a symbolic way that helps convey the theme of the story.
The author ends the story with the passage "Saeng swears silently to herself" because she Saeng wants to do it at the right time and season. "Winter" when the land or soil is so cold that plants cannot grow properly. "Furong spends nineteen dollars", She Sang failed the test. "Her Saeng mother has a tender, tough beauty that touches Saeng deeply," her Saeng mother shines as she grows plants. These are the descriptions summarized in the past. I want to correct and shine like my mother, and I also want to pass the test.
At the end of the short film "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng says "When they come back, in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, I'll take that test again." When she says this, she mentions her Driving test, she said she will take the test again as she was reminded her family didn't give up their move to @LOCATION1 to start over "The plants she forgot brought her back to her childhood world." She saw these failures after The flowers reminded her that she never gave up. So she won't give up now.
The author attempts to convey hope for Saeng in her new country. After noting that she failed what could be her citizenship test, the author wanted to end the story with something reassuring to readers. Obviously, this test is important because Saeng can't even look her mother in the eye. This may be why she bought flowers for her mother. The ending reassures the reader so you don't wonder how it will work out for Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it tells us that she will try to find that flower to evoke her memories of her old home. To show us they'll be back again, and it will survive even if it's not from where she wants it to be. In the story it says, "II failed the test", meaning that the hibiscus that saeng bought was not real, or she thought it was not what she wanted. In the final paragraph, she said she would take that test again. Said she would find the winter hibiscus, this is how it used to be in her hometown. She hoped that they would survive and that she would find a flower like this, because in the last paragraph it says, "saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is budding, I'll take it and test it again," which means she hopes and prays she'll find someone like her hometown.
The author tries to end the story quickly, which is why he ends this way.
When spring comes and all the snow has melted, then she will plant the seeds of news. The author concluded that it was because she did not do well on the first exam. But next year she will be working with her plants and then taking the exam again so she can pass. The author puts this in the conclusion because he doesn't want people to think she's just worried about plants.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the girl named Saeng is related to her mother and grandmother. Flowers are beautiful to them and they grow them all day long. Pick them up, @CAPS1 them. "Saeng didn't dare look her mother in the eyes"
The author ends the story with this sentence because it shows that she has confidence in herself that because she failed the exam, she can take the exam again and know she can pass, which she had already established while talking to her mother Make her feel good and have the confidence to take or retake the test and know she can pass it, so I think why the writer ended the story with that sentence at the end of it.
The meaning of this passage is that when the winter is over, the geese are back from the south, and her favorite plants are back in her hometown, she will try what she used to want to do, but this time she is more confident. This is what I think it means.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it sums it all up and resolves the inconsistency of her failing driver's license. When Saeng says "...I will take that test again", it shows her determination to pass the test and will try again. Now that the conflict is resolved there, you pretty much have to introduce a new one to keep the story going, so the writer ends it. This excerpt from the last paragraph also makes it difficult to combine Saeng with that goose, because just like the goose faces difficulties in getting a driver's license. But also like a goose, she will face hardships again.
In He Minfeng's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with a polite car. The author ends that paragraph by showing that even if he runs away from home, Saeng will not be persuaded. She falls into a low point at the beginning of the story, she fails her exams, and Hibiscus tests her nostalgia. When she got home, her mother greeted her with kind words and kept her food from chili and bitter gourd. This allowed Saeng to see the beauty in life and let her not give up and believe that she would pass the test.
In the story, Saeng failed his driving test. When she was walking home, she saw a familiar plant, then she went to a flower shop and found it called hibiscus. Then she bought the plant with the little money she had, because it reminded her of her hometown and childhood. It also reminds her of the grandmother she left behind, so now she is connected to plants. She also saw geese fly overhead and head south for the winter, so she says "when they come back" so she means when geese fly north over @DATE1. When the "snow melts", when it gets warm and spring begins. When "this hibiscus is budding," when spring comes and the plants start blooming, she'll be "tested again," so she says she'll drive when spring comes and she fails. She gave herself a winter to practice and prepare for exams. She swore to herself that by the spring, she would be ready to take the exam, and this time she would pass.
She said it also showed the determination to get back up and try again no matter how many times you fail. She also showed her mettle in this way, it takes a lot of time for a person to fail something and then get back up and try again. She is reluctant to accept failure, she tries to salvage her failure, so she says she will try again. So she ended the story like this.
The author ends the story with this sentence. I think the author did this to let people who read the story know what she's going to do next spring, and they might make up another story so you know she's going to take the test in the spring.
In the story of winter hibiscus, the author ends the story with that paragraph, because when winter comes, the plants she likes disappear and the flowers give her good luck, so she says "when the snow melts in spring and the geese come back, This hibiscus has sprouted, so I will test it again. This flower is very important to her. She said: "The rich and sweet fragrance is also very familiar. She was talking about the same floral scent as her grandmother's shells.
The author ends the story this way because she's coming back next year to do the same thing.
The author ends the story with this, because she wants to retake the exam. Because she has to pass the exam for her mother. So she took the flowers home and apologized to her mother.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because everything in the story repeats like the seasons change and you won't be able to plant or grow in winter. For example, she talks about plants that are completely different from her home, but she has to adapt to the fact that she is not at home and to her environment. I say this because if she doesn't, she'll just be an unfortunate person worried about where she came from.
At the end of her answer, the author says that when spring comes and the hibiscus flowers begin to sprout, she will take the test again. Because I think she feels hope and faith. I say this because this girl just moved out of her home and feels very lonely and depressed because she wants to go home. She I miss her past and when she saw this plant it gave her a homely comfort. When she said, "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." I think she said that because she was upset because she failed the test, and the plants gave her a sense of comfort, This leads her to believe and hope that she will pass the exam in the spring.
When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again
In @PERSON1's "@CAPS1 Hibiscus", the author chose the last paragraph because it matched the tone, hope, and performance of the article. The tone of the story is more of a depression that she's upset because she didn't pass her driving test. When she saw Winter Hibiscus, he began to think of her hometown. "And in the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and cried." She misses Vietnam so much, and seeing the plant at the store reminds her of the past. Winter began to give her a sense of hopelessness. "Almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things she had thought strange before had become almost familiar to her in silent repetition season after season." For her, Strange things start to feel the same year after year, no new hope, no new things, just getting older day by day. This plant is really starting to tear her apart completely from rep. "She found that she still shivered when she said the word at home, lest she break out again." She couldn't say home, because home was not in the United States, but in Vietnam. This winter's hibiscus leaves Saeng bursting with emotions and she has to deal with her past sr, and the final paragraph tells more about how she'll try again when her hopes come back in spring. The tone, hope, and presentation all support the last paragraph, which is why it fits
It was a very funny story that made all the hardships this young girl go through, and the author ended it in a very funny way. When they ended the story, I thought to myself how well it ended. If you think the author has done a good job. She did this to snow all the hard boats Saeng had been through as if they were harsh winters. And then as the author says, "As the snow melts..." I think it shows that while health problems may seem endless and harsh, one day they will disappear and things will be beautiful again, like flower buds. in spring time. She also did a great job because I could feel her pain throughout the story. I felt like I was with her because she used descriptive words like "exploded, shocked, intense" to describe how sudden everything was. And then when she ends it, it's like she's showing us Saeng's hope for a better future, even if things aren't the way they go home!
The author ends the story with a paragraph - "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." (@NUM1) Because she Feel like when the hibiscus blooms, she can pass the test to bloom too. Saeng also associates himself with Hibiscus. "Its flowers aren't as pretty, but it's strong enough to make it through here, hibiscus this winter." (@NUM1) Her mother tries to tell her she can be strong too. She can also survive the cold months. "She looked up like a goose and watched their distinctive V disappear in the evening sky, slowly disappearing into the distance." (@NUM1) Just as Goose Saeng realizes to be proud of himself, there will be others Chance. Don't always doubt yourself because they will have other opportunities. Don't be afraid to try again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she means she'll go back and take care of it in the winter. The author put it in the last paragraph because he told her how much she cared about the plant, because she took care of it, and because it reminded her of her hometown. So that's why she takes care of it so carefully, so she'll carry something with her to remind her of her home.
The author ends the story with a passage about goose, as it shows how Saeng will adapt to her new environment like a goose. This shows that she will do what she needs to do to survive like a goose. She will take the test again and will not give up. The paragraph shows how she wants to adapt to the new country. For example, the narrator says, “…she noticed tear marks on her daughter’s cheeks and puffy eyes” [no]. This example shows that Saeng is not used to being in the new country, she doesn't like it. However, she will get used to it and try her best to do it, as shown in the last paragraph. Furthermore, the narrator says, "...she admits that she prefers the Big Mac" [Ho]. This proves that even though she @MONTH1 sometimes doesn't like things, Saeng is willing to try them to get used to a new country. The narrator says, “…she realized that many of the things she thought were strange now became familiar to her” [@NUM1]. Saeng is getting more and more used to her surroundings and accepting them, just like the adaptation of the goose, which is why the author ends the story with a passage of the goose.
The author wrote the conclusion paragraph to show that Saeng is looking forward to a better future. Saeng hopes to see the goose that reminds her of her hometown again, and this goose wants to drive through. In this story, I feel that Saeng is a very emotional person, so I think that's why the author wrote the conclusion paragraph.
His author wraps up this passage in this story because it sounds good and shows to the person he's writing it that no matter what's going on in your life, you should keep doing what you think is best for you . Like that flower, after all the tuff, she kept coming back.
There's a reason the author ends the story with that paragraph. Hibiscus reminded her of Vietnam. The goose now reminds her of her home. These two things made her strong. So she'll be tested when they come back. She thinks she can pass the test when flowers and geese are in her life.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is now taking responsibility for her studies. For example, in the story, it's clear that she cares more about the garden than the school.
Saeng is talking about testing the plants to see if the goose likes where she's growing them. I know this because she mentions the goose in the last paragraph and the goose says "yes| when she planted the hibiscus.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the story is mostly about Fleur. Saeng said that when spring arrives and the hibiscus flower begins to sprout, she will take the test again. Hibiscus reminded her of her old hometown.
I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph because at the end is talking about a new beginning. And what a new beginning would be. She said she was going to take the exam again.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she is in a better mood because she finds a flower that reminds her of her homeland. She was afraid her parents would be angry for not passing the exam, so she bought a flower she saw to remind her. When she got home and told her mother how much she paid for the flower and why she didn't pass, the mother was saddened for only a second, and then she understood what her daughter was going through. By the end of the story, she was more confident that she would succeed next time.
Minfong ends the story with a one sentence dialogue because it is about the subject of the story. Saeng planned to buy a plant to take home, but when she did, her mother disagreed. The narration says "What are you? Her mother stares at her in disbelief" (Ho). When her mother says this, it shows she is upset. The narration says, "I failed the test" ( Ho). Saeng would not upset her parents in any way. Said, "When you come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again" ( Ho), the writer just shows Saeng's love for her parents and wants to grow up; it shows maturity.
The author ends the story with this passage, telling the reader that Saeng is about to take the exam again. The author wants to tell the reader that because she failed the test, she knows what she did wrong and she will correct it. For example, when Saeng says, "Then I'll take another test." Saeng is sorry that she didn't pass a simple test, so she wants to retake the test after the snow melts.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the plants are not sprouting and the goose is leaving and then seeing the test fail because it all makes her sad. But when the snow melts and the goose comes back and the plants start to sprout, she'll be happy again, she'll take the test again, she'll pass because she's happy.
There are many reasons why the author ends the story this way. One reason is to show that Saeng will not give up and keep trying to pass her exams. Another way is to show that even though your life has changed, that doesn't mean you have to give up. These are some of the ways the author ends the story like he does.
I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph because they wanted to show that she was true to her true nature, especially Fleur. She thinks hibiscus is special because of what she does. As they say "she reached out and stroked the petals lightly. It felt smooth and cool, with a hint of velvet in the middle". That's why I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng felt that would be the right time to take over her driving test, and when Hibiscus was budding. Another reason is because the author wants to show her determination,
She swears this paragraph because she wants to make her mother proud by passing the test after she fails, but she waits for the plant to pass and start germinating. Hibiscus mate is like a fresh start, so it gets through the winter and it will pass the test and then Saeng will also pass because she knows tropical plants can survive the harsh winter and then she can survive/pass the next spring test.
Why I think the author sums up the last paragraph of the story because it's kind of like the moral of the story. She wanted to say that when the time came, she would try again until she got it right. You cannot understand the message of the story without the last paragraph.
Saeng is a very helpful young lady to her mom who crafted what the author does in the closing sentences to make the story more interesting so that the reader can stick to the end
The author ends the story with the sentence she wants to explain to you, and she will do it again when Hibiscus returns.
I guess she said that because she only wanted to take the exam when she was in moderation around flowers, plants and vegetables
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because it says that when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take the test again, which means when she grows up and becomes more confident, she Will bloom and take the test when she's ready, just as the hibiscus is ready to start budding again.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because when dealing with flowers and nature. Then there are seasons when the flowers do not bloom, such as winter. This passage comes in the spring, at the end of winter, when she tells herself that she will look forward to seeing all the plants that nature has to offer.
I'm sure he ends it with this to make sure she's strong and she'll do whatever she can to keep going.
The author has included this sentence in the paragraph because it is the beginning of a new beginning.
At the end of the story, the author ends with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring" that I will take that test again when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting. I think she did it to say you shouldn't give up. In the story, Saeng went to the store to "touch a flower petal". She bought the plant to remind her of her old home. In this way, Saeng seems willing to let go of her memory of the past. When she brought the plant home, her mother and she planted it in the garden. I think Saeng is trying to make her new home look like her old home.
Writer He Minfeng At the end of the story, Sann vows to be tested in the spring when the geese return, the snow melts and the hibiscus sprouts. This is done to symbolize the many things Saeng has learned. For example, she learned that she had to adapt to changes in her life and become familiar with new things. She admits geese and snow were "weird before [and] what is now familiar to her". Hibiscus also represents something and is justifiably included in the last paragraph. It represents the ability to overcome obstacles, connection to the past, and comfort in times of need. The last paragraph symbolizes a lot, and if you dig into it, you'll learn what Saeng learned.
The author ends the story with the relationship between Saeng's vow to pass and the driving test, and the meaning of the hibiscus flower. The flower is related to her past lifestyle in Vietnam. For example, the hibiscus in @LOCATION3 is "Madagascar periwinkle" in Vietnam. It also symbolizes how flowers adapt to their surroundings when picked from a different country, according to Saeng Adapting to Life @LOCATION3. She said the reason she will be taking the exam again when spring comes is symbolic of the flower's connection to the way she lives now. For example, her ability and determination to overcome obstacles when that flower sprouts. Another is the connection she experienced in the past. It was a consolation for her after failing her driving test. The author connects the meaning of the flower to the end of the story, showing hope and dedication to Saeng and the obstacles she went through to get where she is today.
The reason I believe the author ends the story this way is because she is starting from the beginning. At the moment of the story, she said I -- I didn't pass the test. From what she knew, she was about to give up. So that's why I believe he ended the story with that sentence
The author ends the story with that paragraph because the author is trying to say that Saeng will start over like Hibiscus. Even if you go through bad times in your life, just do it all over again step by step until it gets better. The author also ends the story with that paragraph, because this one almost restarts the story like Saeng.
She meant that when she came back, she would do the same thing again to see if she would do better.
Saeng silently swore to herself, "In spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again" as her mind shifted from the idea of a flower to the track. "One of the flowers fell," she said, and Saeng picked it up carefully and smelled it. The incident distracted her. She was silent for a long while about the trailing promise, without speaking. She is never angry. All she did was brush the green shards off Saeng's hand. Mom mainly thinks about plants all day, and Saeng dug a hole and carefully put the "winter hibiscus" in it. Seeing her mother sparked a thought reaction, so tried to etch a goose figure. She sent a goat to retake her driving test because she was used to the new one. The introduction said: "Saeng, a teenage girl and her family moved to the US from Vietnam. It never mentions her family"
The author has added this paragraph to show how much the girl misses Vietnam. When the girl saw Hibiscus, it brought back memories of Vietnam. Seeing hibiscus brought her comfort. So this paragraph is to show the difference between America and Vietnam. This allows girls to adapt to the United States due to the changing seasons in the United States. The factory will always be there, but she must look for the good that America has to offer. "Almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things she had thought strange before, after quiet season after season, were now almost familiar to her," the author said. The quote shows how the girl has adapted America's. How will she always remember Vietnam and find something in America that reminds her of Vietnam. In conclusion, this passage is used to illustrate how much this girl misses Vietnam, but how she finds solace in America.
These basically say he'll show up again, just like the goose always comes back.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several reasons. First, when it comes to her hometown, she is still not feeling well.''She still has to say these words at home'' [HO] So the snow melts and the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts. The second reminded her of her home. We know this because Saeng said "just like she knew..." Back home, it went wild in the cracks in the brick walls or between the tiled roofs" [HO]. So she remembered Her home is for comfort and confidence. The reason why the author ends this paragraph is because geese, hibiscus, and melting snow remind her of her own home, and that was when she took the exam again, when she was confident and strong.
By adding this paragraph to the end of the story, it shows that the themes of passing resolutions, and overcoming obstacles are present in the story. When immortality failed the test, she was in so much pain, and in the spring, when the snow melted but was heartbroken, after buying hibiscus, she found hope and motivation, and decided that, in the end, she would take the test again," and Goose Back , the bud of the hibiscus". This hope at the end of the story helps put the reader at ease when they don't know what's going to happen next. It helps move the conclusion of the story. That's why most endings make sense this way. Readers are able to abtein message stories from such paragraphs. In this case, the author's message is to never give up, people find motivation in simple things. It is important to know what is the purpose of the writer trying to tell the reader through paragraphs not only as a reader wants to understand the story, but also as a writer trying to articulate his ideas to the audience.
I think the author used this line, "When they come back, immortality silently vows to be myself in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return and the hibiscus grows up???, then I will take the test once." @CAPS1 symbolizes that spring brings New life and hope. "But where did the idea of home come from? Hibiscus hedges? Where's her gentle grandmother?" "It's gone by boat late at night." @CAPS2 From Vietnam to @LOCATION2. One night, she had so much hope and abundance, then next, she was in a foreign land like her hometown. Spring when flowers bloom brings new life. There is a promising opportunity to move on to @CAPS1. People hope that spring will always come, flowers will come and birds will come. This is an opportunity to let go. The closing quote is to bring hope and like to say to her that she kind of promises herself that it will get better. Hope is what makes every obstacle easy to overcome and everything bearable.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Hibiscus is the symbol of Saeng. In spring, hibiscus grows like Saeng. When Saeng came to a new place, she was small and short, like a plant. "Its leaves tremble in the wind" (@NUM1). This sentence tells us that this plant is weak. If the plant is strong, it will not shiver. The fact that Saeng went bankrupt and bought the plant tells us that she is not strong. In the end, the author uses that paragraph to tell readers that Hibiscus is strong, and Saeng is also strong, and can conquer anything.
The author ends the story in this way to show that Saeng doesn't give up and is determined to pass the test. The narrator says "Not the kind we have @NUM1]. Saeng feels very strongly about her hometown and wants to have hibiscus like she and her grandmother. She is sad that Saeng won't bring back the same hibiscus, Determined to buy another one. The text also said: "...Hibiscus is sprouting, then I'll take the test @NUM2]. It also showed her determination, because even she failed when she tried again. She misses her home and wants hibiscus just like she did in her old home.
In this story, the reason the author sums it up this way is to choose a tone that feels comfortable to test again. The person who will be taking the test again has chosen a tone that relates to her past, she took the time to prepare herself, maybe it was taught to her by her parents or grandparents.
The author came to this conclusion because she believes now is the right time to retake the exam. She added that because the snow has melted and the hibiscus is sprouting, the return of the geese is a perfect time because everything is back and warm. "When they come back...I will take the test again," she said, meaning she will take the test with full confidence. Saeng vows to do it again, she will, and she thinks she will pass this time. This is the author's summary of the story.
The author summarizes this paragraph of the story to show the meaning of hope and immortality of Fusang. The author also ends up with the same story, because spring is a period of new beginnings, where everything comes back to life and starts to grow again so to speak, when the snow melts and the geese return. "It. Call it secnd chance when it's right, it fails the test of immortality...she tore off a leaf it shruddy vermin", showing hope for her death or hybisus symbolizing it. So that's why the author ended it like this b/c it shows new heqionqrys.
The author ends with the story of "Winter Hibiscus" and begins with a one-sentence strong paragraph, Saeng will be put to the test when the geese return and the hibiscus sprouts. This quote leaves the reader in suspense while combining the main points of the story and bringing them together to express ideas about what might happen in the future of @CAPS1 and this story. After all, the reason Saeng bought hibiscus was to comfort her mother and herself. The author chose this moment to express how Saeng was staying determined and being tested while she stood looking at the geese. Finally, the author ends the story with a series of sentences that not only summarizes the whole story, but also leaves an unresolved cliff.
"When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will take the test again." The author ends the story with this paragraph because it will make you think about the story after reading it.
In many stories, the narrator ends the story with a dramatic but concluding statement. The short story "Winter Hibiscus" is one such example. At the end of the story, the little girl tells us when she will take the test again, not directly because it says "Saeng silently swears to himself", but it still tells the reader. The reason why the author includes the last "oath" is not only to inform readers of the future, but also to demonstrate the girls' determination and spiritual connection to plants. For example, when it says "This hibiscus is sprouting," it suggests that the girl's connection to the plant is because it gives her comfort and confidence, especially since she needs to take the test. Finally, the narrator ends the story with paragraphs to show future events and illustrate the girl's spiritual connection to her flowers and homeland.
In the last paragraph of the story, the author writes: "Why did they come back," Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese returned, and this hibiscus was sprouting, I would take it. Test it again" (finally paragraph). The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants to mention that Saeng is a student and she failed the exam. Although Saeng is interested in flowers, she also cares about her school. When the snow melts, the Saeng will be tested, just as the hibiscus is budding and starting to bloom.
After they came, Saeng said to himself silently, in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and Seremban is Saeng, I'm going to take that exam again. She said this when she came home by herself. She felt it was familiar to Saeng. She is herself, vowed to be so quiet every season. Her life is quiet, quiet. She felt very comfortable. She herself felt so different about things in America than in Vietnam because she failed her driving test, and she expressed her feelings and she would talk about it.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the author wants to remind the reader and summarize the story. The way she wanted to sum it up is how the story begins with Saeng failing the test to how it ends with Saeng planting hibiscus in winter. The author wants to remind the reader of the whole story.
He ends the story this way so you don't feel like she's beaten. She is now more aware or trusting that she can get the job done. She's also more self-conscious because of the flower, which now reminds her of her home.
The author ends the story with this, because just like a flower, it will bloom again, and so will she. Flowers represent determination, use flowers to express your determination. Even though she failed the driving test, she was determined to take it and try to pass again. Even if it fails, she is determined to overcome it. Just like a flower loses its buds in winter and grows back. Saeng is overcoming her failure and starting over.
The author uses this passage as a symbol of fulfillment, and a new beginning for Saeng. She spends so much time thinking about the past that she doesn't know how to enjoy the present, which is the theme of what the author calls "living in the present." Hibiscus represents strength, as her mom said, "It's strong enough to get through the winter months...that's what counts. The author says hard times are inevitable in the end, so grab those that make you Smile moments because they'll help you persevere through tough times.
In Hu Minfang's story "Winter Lotus", the character Sang has many obstacles to overcome. At the end of the story, Saeng swears to herself that when winter is over, she will take the exam again. I think the author ends the story this way to foreshadow Saeng's future as if the author is trying to say that Saeng will take time to adjust to her new lifestyle and focus on other things before taking the exam again. It also shows that Saeng has a lot of courage to accomplish what she once failed. Saeng's perseverance shows and will help her overcome many things in her new country. In the text, when Saeng's mother starts digging, she says "let me help my mother". This shows her love for her mother and care for the plants that represent her pastime. So adding an oath at the end of the story is a great way to show Saeng's commitment.
The author put this excerpt into the main text to show the reader that she made a mistake and will fix it in the future. I believe the other person wrote it in for this reason, because in the text, Saeng starts to cry when she admits to her mother that she failed the exam. It shows she is very frustrated that she has no hope of improving in the near future. I believe "Another reason the author ends the story this way is to convince readers that Saeng will recover from his sick home.
The author ends the "Winter Hibiscus" story with "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that when the snow melts in the spring and the geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." She said how she would try to take the test again because she failed the first time. I think the hibiscus she bought comforted her and reminded her of her hometown, so she thought that when the hibiscus sprouted, she would take the exam again. The plant made her think positively. And thinking she will fail, she thinks she will pass next time. I also think Saeng finds comfort when she's sad, and I think it makes her feel better.
The author uses that passage at the end of this story, "Winter Hibiscus," as a sign of assurance. Saeng has had a rough few years adjusting to America from Vietnam, and this passage leaves readers with hope that she can overcome that challenge like a bump in the road. Saeng had a tough day after failing her driving test and wanted to buy the plants she saw on her way home. In the greenhouse, she says, "At least, she can hold on. But where's the fine-toothed comb? The hibiscus hedge? The well? Her gentle grandmother?" Saeng misses all these things from Vietnam, especially in this tough period. The last paragraph gave her hope that she would take the test again and everything would be ok. Winter is emblematic of the hardships she has endured and will continue to endure. It reads: "...In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." Winter is a hardship for the geese, they must leave, the hibiscus must survive the cold winter, and the winter is for Saeng to leave time in Vietnam. When Goose and Hibiscus get over it, so will she. The last paragraph is a good, positive and hopeful ending to this touching story, so readers know there is hope for life.
That's why the author ends the story with this sentence. This means that when she returns for winter, she will repeat her mission. For example, she will dig, send flowers, her own customers. And then when winter comes again, she'll do it all. So the other side surreptitiously used different words to say that she would repeat her actions when winter was over. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author took out "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again" to describe the theme. story. Saeng uses hibiscus as hope in her life. The author also uses the choice of words or phrasing to explain how Saeng lived off a flower. The paragraph also explains the way her culture depends on the theme of the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because plants bring back memories for Saeng, she is a bit like plants. Saeng can be likened to plants, and she starts in a new area that she is not familiar with, as well as plants. The plant is now planted in the soil outside her home and must grow. Saeng also has to learn to grow, become better and be ready to take the exam again. So when the plants grow and adapt, Saeng believes she will grow and adapt as well. All in all, this paragraph is a perfect ending to the story of He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus".
I think the author ends the story with that paragraph to get the full story and say that Saeng will try the test again. In the story it says: "She realised that many of the things she used to think were strange had become, despite the season's quiet repetition of the cause, now almost familiar to her, the last paragraph helps to tie it all together in the Together.
A vow was a happy ending, she vowed to take the exam again because she failed. It expressed her feelings and she promised to pass. The author wanted to show a lot of emotion and how frustrated she was. So she saw a ton of beauty to keep her going.
The author ends the story with the phrase "wait for them to come back", and Saeng silently swears to himself, "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. She bought this flower because she failed the driver test. She saw this familiar plant on her way home when she went to the flower shop to buy one. This flower made her happy and reminded her of home. The author in his way End the story, because it leaves hope, so the story doesn't end in a sad way. She still has hope of passing her driving test.
On the same day she got the plant and saw the geese fly by, she failed the test. Plants and geese are symbols to her. The plant represents her home, where she once lived, and the geese can represent how they move on in life, overcoming the obstacles of cold weather and snow, and turning to a better place, most likely a warmer climate. All this is a symbol of a new beginning for her. So she wanted to take it again in the new beginning; when the geese flew by again and the plants grew. She felt like she had failed and she should start over.
The author added the story in this paragraph for a number of reasons, to make the story longer, and two to show that even if you screw up the first time, you can still try again.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author added such a paragraph, when they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again. . , emphasizes Saeng's willingness to try planting again in the spring. Saeng wants to try planting again in the spring to show that she is working hard to adapt and to show that she cares about planting.
Saeng ment said she will take that exam next spring and pass it, hoping the sight of her winter flowers and her flock of geese has high hopes that she will pass her exam. When she sees her hibiscus buds, she will take the test again. Saeng was so upset when @CAPS1 failed, she hopes she will pass next spring.
In He Minfang's short story "Winter Hibiscus," the author ends with a paragraph explaining when Saeng will take his driving test again. She said she would "wait until the snow melts, the geese come back and this hibiscus is budding". I think the author ends this paragraph because it shows that there is something new for saeng. found hope. For example, since she moved from Vietnam, she has been very homesick. "She still found herself shaking too much to say the words 'at home' lest she burst into tears again." But when she found a hibiscus plant, it reminded her of her hometown. “Back home, it goes wild, sticking out of cracks in the brick walls or between the tiled roofs.” Saeng even bought hibiscus flowers to grow in the garden of her new home. By having the hibiscus plant with her, it gave her memories of her old life and the strength to continue her new life. The plant gave her the strength to try her driving test again. At the end of that paragraph, it shows Saeng's emotional change from depressed to hopeful, and also shows the power of hibiscus flowers to her.
The author concludes the final paragraph of the story because she already knows she shouldn't be afraid to try a new life or a new environment. For example, in the story, the mother says: "Its flowers are not pretty, but it's strong enough to make it through the cold months???, hibiscus this winter." This shows that the mother wants saeng to know that even if I meet In times of difficulty, saeng should also be strong. Another example is when the narrator says, "She realizes a lot of things that she thought were weird before, through quiet repetition season after season..." it shows that saeng is right to realize the new place she's leaving now almost and Their hometown is the same - anyway, the last paragraph tells saeng to face the new reality of the world. She should be strong and follow the flow of life.
"Spring is here, the snow has melted, the geese have returned, and the hibiscus has sprouted, then I'll take the test again." Saeng said to himself. Saeng finds himself in a new place with no friends. One day she found comfort in a plant store when she came across a hibiscus flower. The flower calmed her spirits and helped her begin to adjust to the changes in her life at this time.
The author ends with the passage from winter to spring, one of the main reasons that she will take the driving test again. The girl says this because just like a plant comes back to life and starts anew, she too will start anew. The little girl said in "Saeng": "When they come back in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again." @CAPS1 Saeng failed the test for the first time, she will have to wait until spring to have a new one Start. In the article, "Winter Hibiscus" reminds Saeng of her grandmother and her home in @LOCATION1. It saddened her at first, but then realized how wonderful her memory was and helped her through this difficult time. Her memory will give her the strength to move on with her life and try her driving test again in the spring.
The author ends it with that paragraph because the girl is talking about @DATE1 or when spring comes again and she will try again. The author ends with this because it explains how girls feel about spring and animals. The girl tells the goose in the story, so we know she loves animals.
The author then ends the story with that paragraph, as it summarizes how memory and plants affected her. Like the plant Saeng grows better in her own country and prefers it there, but she can still survive in the new place if it is taken care of and works hard to keep it beautiful. The ending shows that Saeng realizes that if she works harder, she can survive like a plant, so she takes the test again. "I've seen this flower by the lake," her mother said. "It's not as pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here." Her mother tried to tell her daughter that everything was fine and she went through hard times. In the end, Saeng knew she could.
The hibiscus in winter, the author chose to end the story with a hopeful paragraph, saying: "When they come back, in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will accept that test." Again. " The reason for the decision to end with optimism is as follows. For example, Hibiscus represents. The idea of resilience in the face of challenges, and the determination to adapt and succeed. Saeng's situation is similar to that of this flower, which was uprooted from its original position. , replanted, and forced to try to survive the winter. Saeng leaves her beloved hometown, she must start anew in another country, and has been faced with the hurdle of failing on the farm, taking an unnamed test. In the final paragraph , she finds herself, like the beloved hibiscus, must be gritty and determined to succeed in her new home
The author ends the story with this paragraph (when they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again) because it explains what She plans to wait for winter to pass. Also leaves readers guessing what to expect, for Saeng and her mother. Another reason is that there is a new story at the end of winter.
I know why the writer ends the story his way, and it's a good reason. It says that since she failed this year, she will tell again next year when it's time to tidy up the garden. It's a good moral because you have to keep trying and try to succeed because even if you fail, you don't lose any progress. Like what happened to him with @PERSON1, even though he spent @DATE1 trying to make a lightbulb successfully, he just said "I just found @NUM1 ways to not make a lightbulb. So I agree with this author and how he ended this story.
She did this to showcase her struggles with gardening. This is because every year she has to work on her garden because blowing it away in winter means it will kill it.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that Saeng won't give up. Saeng wants to make her mother proud, so she will try her best. All Saeng does is make her mother happy. When she failed, her mother was disappointed. Then, inexplicably, I understood. When Saeng told her mother that she had failed, Saeng began to cry, but then her mother wiped away the tears.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because when the spring shovel grows again, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus is sprouting, she will be tested again. So she will wait until next spring to get tested.
In the story, the test is whether she can overcome her nostalgia. When she wanted to take the greenhouse all over. Plants and flowers evoke memories of her hometown. When she saw the flower, it reminded her of her life in the days when she drew water from a well, with a flower floating in it. So after winter, she would go back to that place to see if she was still homesick. I think she ended up like this because it shows she will persevere and not give up and try again
I think the author added the last paragraph because the story could use a small part about Saeng. and what she plans to do next. Author @MONTH1 also added that paragraph because she might be thinking about writing a second story about winter hibiscus and they wanted to write a part that might appear in the next story. This makes one wonder, if she really takes the test again, will she pass this time after the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts? I think this @MONTH1 is why the author added this paragraph to the story.
I think the writer ends the story with these lines because Saeng feels more confident. First of all, Saeng was sad when she saw Hibiscus for the first time, but after seeing the flowers, she was very happy. Next, her mother helped her plant it, and saeng was sure it would come in the spring. In the end, Saeng feels better as she reflects on her past
I think Minfong Ho ended her story "Winter Hibiscus" in her way to show the fanatical determination of the protagonist Saeng. She didn't pass the exam, but she got Fleur, which helped her regain her determination to pass the exam. Now that she's been in her hometown for a while with her family, she'll likely be reminded that they'll want her to succeed, so she assures herself that she'll take the test again when the hibiscus plants start to sprout. That's why I think "Winter Hibiscus" ended like this.
At the end of @CAPS1 Ho's article "Winter Hibiscus" it ends on a positive note. "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that until spring, when the snow melts, the wild geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." I think the reason the author decided to put it there is for Show how Saeng feels about her country. So when her country has spring again, she will take that exam because that country reminds her of her original country in spring. It made her feel at home and she could at least take the exam. So the author put this sentence at the end of the article.
Saeng promised himself: "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again." Hibiscus is a metaphor for Saeng's childhood. Apparently she grew up in Vietnam and moved to @LOCATION2. She misses her hometown and all the flowers remind her of her hometown. She was overwhelmed with all the memories of her breaking down and crying. Change is a difficult thing to overcome or adapt to, especially moving abroad. She has to deal with it, though, and growing winter hibiscus is one way to deal with it. She knows she will eventually adjust to the big changes because she realizes that "a lot of things that she used to think strange now become...almost familiar to her." She assures herself that when the hibiscus blooms, she Will retake the driving test because just like Saeng, a flower can change. When the hibiscus finally overcomes the cold, dreary winter and blooms, Saeng will know she's ready to be tested again, because that flower also symbolizes the change she's going through. The geese in the story also symbolize change, as they must migrate south in winter to escape the cold and return home when the weather warms up. Like Saeng, she avoids exams in the winter but feels comfortable in the spring.
So she said she was going to take the exam next year.
The author sums up the end of the story because I think the author sums up the end of the story because he wants to say that I will be ready to sprout again next year and he will be ready to test him not to cry and collapse when he sees the plant and think of childhood memories and he is ready span
Saeng bought a winter hibiscus to plant in the garden, which reminded her of her hometown. She failed some kind of test and was upset about it. Her mother feels sorry for her so she won't be upset by the hibiscus @MONEY1. After planting the hibiscus, Saeng said to himself, . The author uses this paragraph to make you think about whether Saeng will pass the test again. It also makes you curious about what kind of exam the author said "Hibiscus sprouts" and "Goose returns", it must be an exam that can only be taken once a year. Because she said "spring" she would take the test again.
The author concludes this passage in the story because I think he is trying to tell the reader a message. What the author is trying to say is that if a plant can survive a cold winter, then she can pass the driver's license test. That's why I think the author included that paragraph.
The author wrote at the end of "Winter Hibiscus": "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again. " This commitment or commitment ends because it shows hope and determination. Saeng swore to herself "I'll take that exam again", showing her determination and unwillingness to fail. That's enough to give hope to those who fail and hope for another chance. This paragraph also summarizes and showcases Saeng's good character. This shows Saeng's strength because even if she fails the first time, she puts herself through the pain of trying to succeed again. Failing and trying again shows great inner strength. The author also ends with this paragraph, because "when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts." It brings everything back into a complete cycle. It has the promise of Spring and the better stuff that comes with it. The author concludes the story for many reasons, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again."
The author added it at the end, not only to give the story a happy, hopeful ending, but also to show the reader that Sonn is slowly adjusting to the changes in his life. The above paragraph explains that Saeng realized that "many things that used to look strange now become...almost farmhouse for her." So the author finally concluded that while she failed the exam this time, she Just as Dayan will come back in spring, she can take the exam again. She's just the point of the story, it's a "happy" way to end it.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" finally said: "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that until spring, the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will try again.", to show that the hibiscus Plants gave Saeng hope. It helped him through some tough and difficult times. In the story, Saeng just passed the @CAPS1 test and had to walk home. She is very depressed. On the way home, Sang sees a familiar flower. She walked into a flower shop to see if they sold hibiscus flowers she had ever seen. The employee pointed her to the flower. Hibiscus evokes many memories in her hometown in Vietnam. Saeng grows her flowers in the vegetable garden. That flower gave her hope. She's ready to try the @CAPS1 test again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the season is over. For example, from winter onwards, hibiscus begins to die. And she has to leave, and she will come back when she can plant flowers again in the spring, and come back when she finishes the exam again. Anyway, that's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The reason why the author of "Winter Hibiscus" ended the story with the last paragraph is to give hope to the ending. At the end of a moderately depressing story, it gives a pleasant feeling. It just shows that if you care enough, you can move on. When you do that, your world will come to an end. That's why I think the author uses such a powerful statement at the end.
The character seems to have a newfound confidence and new joy in plants, which reminds her of her hometown, comforts and inspires her. She said when the stuff comes back, she'll try to finish the test. She's setting a time to push herself. as most people try to do
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that sometimes you have to wait until the right time to try again...for example, in the book it says "Madagascar periwinkle, its label announces," it's in apat , "Back home, it sticks out of the cracks between the brick walls or the roof and goes wild." This shows that when the time comes, anything can be done.
The emotion, the symbolism, the awareness of it—all the reasons why the author ends the story this way. One reason the author ends the story this way is to complicate your emotions. Emotions such as sadness, hope, and hurt. The author makes the reader feel sorry for the girl who misses her home for not passing the exam. The author also gives a sense of hope that they will come home one day. And linger, because the conclusion leaves a lot of questions to be answered. The author uses symbolic sentences in the closing remarks to make plants and geese feel powerless in the story, while plants are related to the home she really misses. In the final story, the author leaves a lot of opinions about several people. Like the importance of plants and why they should move from a place they love so much. That's why I think the author ends the story this way.
In the story, Hibiscus loves the beautiful flowers that used to grow in her hometown. Her favorite flower is the winter hibiscus with its pretty red pedals, like velvet. She also failed the exam she took, so what this story is trying to say is that nothing beats home, but sometimes you just need another chance to do something.
I think he did it because he wanted to show how he loves everything in life.
The author of the story ends the story this way because the plant has gone through so many hard years and will go bad in winter. The authors say the factory will take the test again, which survives a possible winter and becomes sluggish at the end of the winter
The author ends the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. One of the reasons is that the author is trying to say that she will overcome the obstacle (test) no matter what. The text says "it can get through the cold months." @CAPS1 consumers also support her in the last paragraph, she is in a new country and is starting a new beginning. It says "not the kind we used to be." That means it's different in this country, and she'll get used to it quickly. At the end it says, "This hibiscus is budding," which means she will bloom.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng is a human being and lets herself know that she's going to try another failed test as she's now starting to adjust to her new home as she finds something that reminds her of her life before she left.
The author likes to end the story this way so that the reader understands the theme. That said, you can always start over after making a mistake. For example, saeng failed the herb driving test, which took a toll on her, and she will try again in the spring. I guess she thinks she'll do better once she renews herself.
Explain why the author ends the story with this paragraph. Because with this to end the story, it all makes a little money. That's why I think it does. A passage in one of the main parts of a story. "In spring, the snow melts and comes back," she only said that when the snow dissipates and the grass comes back, I will plant it again, and she will be happy. "This hibiscus sprouts, then I will take it again," she Go and put her plants up again, test them and see how they recover so she can do it again. Saeng loves this plant so much that she can't wait. But when it happens, she'll plant a lot. This passage says that Saeng will wait so he can plant hibiscus. However, since she came to America, she has loved the flower very much.
Because for her it was the perfect time to do things and all the happy memories came back with Goose and Fleur.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Fleur is motivating her to take her driving test. In spring, snow melts, wild goose returns, and hibiscus sprouts, she will take another test.
There are several reasons, firstly, she will have more time to adjust to her new life in the spring. Also, when the hibiscus starts to sprout, she feels so comfortable, as if it automatically brings back memories of her childhood. It's also a link to her past home in Vietnam. As the hibiscus adapts to its new life in the soil, she will adapt and be ready to be tested again. It was as if, when the plant was ready to start budding, she was ready too.
The author ends the story with the oath he made to the flower. It just says Saeng will come back next year to try again and see if it works for Seremban.
The author puts paragraphs in to show his/her concern for flowers. Flowers only bloom in spring and @DATE2, when you plant all the plants in your research garden. This way she can pass the test and be happy with the garden.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" said, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the wild geese return, the hibiscus will sprout, then I will take that test again." There are several reasons. The most important is because the hibiscus in full bloom represents hope - the plant will survive the winter and grow again and become strong. So will Saeng. Although Saeng is in a strange place she doesn't want to be, she is able to overcome Adversity and hardship. Likewise, Hibiscus survives winter. That's why the writer ends the story her way, giving the impression that there's still hope for Sann.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng makes an oath to himself. "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." This vow means she will start over, make changes, and adjust to her new life. She's going to disappoint her mother, she won't be overwhelmed by her memory. She ends the story this way to show how her life will change in the future and how she will learn just like where she is now.
The author ends the story with a sentence, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again", because the author wants to express , Saeng will not give up, she is determined to pass the exam, which also means that saeng will wait until the right time to take the exam, she will wait until things get better. Her situation improved because it said "Snow melts, wild goose returns, hibiscus sprouts".
The author ends the story with the last paragraph because it shows that by the spring she will be ready to retake the exam. Explain that she has time to study and pass exams like those geese who care about coming back. In the story, the author added the final paragraph to really show her dedication to finally getting comfortable in her new home and passing her driving test in time. Saeng wants to feel comfortable with her new life, but nothing is missing yet. But she knew that after that, she could go back and try again, as our winter geese often do. This is a very effective way to end the story as it truly conveys Saeng's dedication and desire to overcome obstacles, a new home and drive.
I think the author ends this way because it's almost like a new beginning. The ending of the story makes you think that Saeng will move on with her life. This makes me think that @CAPS1 plans to start her life anew compared to Fleur. Once the plant "starts over" (starts over), she will start all over again. It also shows her determination to continue her life at @LOCATION1. She won't let her life get upset because she moved to Vietnam. She wishes she could start her life again. The ending is a "cliff hanger," showing that her story isn't quite over yet. This shows that it is still possible for her to move on with her life. It also shows that she won't let failure control her. She is a strong young woman and determined to overcome this.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it's a really good closing paragraph that grabs your attention a bit. It also shows the girl's determination to pass her exam, so it makes you think it's a story of determination. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story this way to show that saeng intends to try again. An example of her trying again is when she sees the plant and feels how symbolic it means to her. Another example is when she said she wanted to grow hibiscus herself so she could have memories forever. That's why the author ends the story this way.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she is trying to say that now that the hibiscus is planted, let's go and see how it survives the winter. When spring comes and she's still standing, she'll be able to take the exam. I think the author is comparing Hibiscus to their life and the obstacles they will go through, so if Hibiscus is still standing, that means everything will be fine and she can go back and get tested.
The final paragraph of Winter Hibiscus describes a person's determination and growth. When "this hibiscus sprouts, I'll take that test again," Saeng said. Like the hibiscus, Saeng will bloom, working hard to get through the winter, trying to pass her test. Saeng finally said it was the realization that she couldn't be sad forever. She had to make up her mind to pass the exam. The next season will be a refresh, starting fresh and beautiful as a blooming hibiscus.
He Minfang, the author of "Winter Hibiscus", ends his story with a paragraph, Saeng will take her driving test again when the geese are around and the hibiscus flowers are blooming because she wants to end on a happy note. The story begins when Saeng, who just moved to @LOCATION2 from Vietnam, failed his driving test. She found a plant in Vietnam that they brought back, but it made her sad. "I mean, it's not like it was when we were—in—" she found herself still too shaking at home to speak, lest she burst into tears again. ( Ho, @NUM1) So ending by describing something positive in the future, Saeng can think about that and take his attention away from other things.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for good reason. On leaving, she just let go, waiting to be accepted again. I think it's a good thing she found flowers. That's because it made her better by having her and her mother with her. For example, "The geese come back and the hibiscus has sprouted, so I will take the test again.
The author ends the story this way to show how the protagonist Saeng has changed from the beginning to the end of the story. It shows the small amount of newfound confidence that Saeng now possesses. This ending also shows how much "Winter Hibiscus" has affected her. Bring back memories of her hometown. If Saeng hadn't found Hibiscus, she would never have started to reminisce about her hometown. Not only does this memory remind her of her past, but it also helps her compare her new home to her old one. Through this, she realizes that life at @LOCATION1 is not that bad, she still has a little bit of her hometown every day. This realization gave her enough hope and confidence to try the driving test again This ending shows Saeng's change in @LOCATION1 and her little hope and confidence.
The author decided to end the story with this because she wants the moral of the story to burn in your mind. She believes that you will always have a chance to try again, the flower will start its cycle all over again, it will have another chance to sprout, which symbolizes that you can start over and try again, as girls do in exams. When it comes time to start over, she's doing the test again so she can. It goes with the flower, the bud will support her and give her hope.
I'm sure the writer will end the story her way because it touches on two themes. What the author wants to say is that when she takes her driving test next spring, Fleur will give her the confidence to pass the test. author
In the story "Winter Hibiscus," the author ends the story in a way that shows she wants to start over. I think it's because when she spoke to mom at the end of the story, she said "in spring, when this hibiscus sprouts, I'll take the test again". She said she wanted to start over. and adjust to her new country. Also, I think it's because she wants to wait until the seasons change to take the exam. Because she said "when the snow melts and the geese come back". She said this because when she took the test again, she wanted a brand new report card. That's why I believe she wants to end her story that way.
I think the author ends the story this way because it shows the time that will pass. By the time it shows the time has passed, she's grown up and maybe she's ready for the exam because now she knows what's going on. Also because the hibiscus will sprout, it will make her feel more comfortable and relaxed because it all makes her feel more secure. "Hibiscus is budding" so that the flower will start new, and so will she.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, showing that she needs to adjust to the new country. She wanted to wait for the hibiscus to sprout. The budding of the plant shows that it is adapting to a new environment like Saeng. The story shows that Saeng is not used to the new country. She would cry when she saw the plants because it reminded her of her old home. Plants also comfort her. When she adjusts to the new country, she will take the test again.
The author concludes the story "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself in the spring that when the snow melted and the geese came back and this hibiscus was sprouting, I would take that test again because Saeng failed her test and knew her Mom would be pissed so why did she get the flower. If she didn't pass the test, she probably wouldn't have gotten the flower in the first place.
The story's author, Winter Hibiscus, ends the story with Saeng's vows to herself, as it shows how important the flower is to her. For example, the hibiscus flower gave her determination because it reminded her of home. Saeng said: "...and this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will take the test again." The hibiscus flower gave her confidence. It reminds her of their home in Vietnam before they moved to @LOCATION2. Therefore, the author ends the story with that paragraph because it symbolizes the importance of flowers.
She feels that this hibiscus plant has a great connection to her because it keeps her away from her home country. I think what she was trying to say was when the hibiscus plant showed her willing inner bud. Plants have to work hard to bloom, and whoever is seen has to be careful to melt the snow, which means when it does, she needs to come out and melt all her habits, do what she wants to pass the test. But still haven't forgotten where she came from, all the memories are left by the bedside. "... silently swear to myself... and then I'll take that test again."
In the story "winter @CAPS1," the author ends the story this way with the last paragraph, because when the season comes back to sprout, she'll be right back there to explore. She will want to learn more about hibiscus flowers and what they do. When they started to sprout, she couldn't wait to start caring for them. That's why they end the story with that paragraph.
There are many reasons including this paragraph. It shows that the flower will encourage her emotionally when it's budding, as it will remind her of home. This is when she says "the two will blow into the well as soon as they bloom" which reminds me of her home country. It also shows that she is adjusting to her new home. As the geese flew by, she said, "She realized that a lot of things that she thought were strange had happened before, and now it's almost familiar to her." This shows how she's been adapted and is enjoying her new life. This last paragraph is important because it shows how her life has changed.
The author says she'll be ready soon, and when the flowers start growing and the geese start coming home, she'll be ready
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she failed her driving test. When it's a little warmer outside and the plants are growing, maybe she'll take the test again and hopefully pass, she said. I know she failed the test because it says "When Saeng goes home after failing the driving test". I guess it was because of the snow on the ground that she made a mistake in the exam. In conclusion, this is why the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
In "@CAPS1 Hibiscus Flower", the author ends the story with "In spring, when the snow melts and the wild goose returns, this hibiscus flower germinates, then I will take the test again". She needs all of these things to happen before she can be healthy enough to take the exam again.
The author ends the story this way because the plants represent the new beginning that Saeng needs. Seang failed the test and needed some reassurance. She went to the greenhouse and spent @MONEY1 on a hibiscus plant that reminded her of home. Meanwhile, the hibiscus plant reminds her that her new home is another fresh start. The hibiscus plant gave Saeng better hope that it might be a good thing to start over, and next time she takes the exam, she will pass.
The author ends the story with this paragraph @CAPS1, and did so because he wanted to end the story by writing the goose. Second, he likes plants and the season they germinate. He swore he would take that test in the spring. He can't wait until the snow melts so he can take the exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants the same environment and everything she wants from the previous exam
The author's words at the end of the story are believed to let readers know that the story continues. However, I think the test is meant to remind her of home.
Author @CAPS1's story with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself. In spring, when the snow melts, the sound of nature returns, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take the test again. She uses this @CAPS1 because she takes Saeng Failed driver's license test to start this story. She also thinks winter hibiscus is good luck after it's gone and how she became a goose with @CAPS3 she put @CAPS3 together that's why she said when the goose came back and the snow When melting....that's why she said that.
I think Saeng ends this story because if the past allows you to say that @CAPS1 didn't pass the test, there's always time to make up for the past. I fell and she met "in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again", to me, it means that even if it snows outside, there is always the next spring to start in the vegetable garden Replanting, this is also about Saeng, even if she doesn't pass the test, there's always another change we can make up for what's lost, then try again and try to be successful in that.
The author ended the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with this sentence. When Sheng came back in spring, Sang silently swore to himself that when the snowmelt geese returned and the hibiscus sprouted, I would take the test again. " Winter hibiscus symbolizes her love for the place she once lived. It's not real, I mean not when we're still too shivering when the hibiscus sprouts to say these things at home" she still loves her home, but she'll fit better in her current environment. The geese will be back in their home, meaning one day she'll find a place in this place to call home. When she finds that place, She will find herself ready to "take the exam" or do things normally. The writer ends the story with this sentence, showing that Saeng will eventually grow into her new life.
The author ends the story this way because she is positive. Like the goose coming back, she was sure she could take the test again. She knew she would pass the exam. In the story she says, "A lot of the things she thought strange before, after quiet season after season, are now almost familiar to her." This means that when she first moved here, she thought everything was Strange because, she had never seen anything like this before. Now because she lives here will get used to it because, she knows what to expect is no longer unfamiliar to her because this is her home now
Readers thought the writer ended the story with this paragraph because the girl said she would try again and take that test. In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the girl Saeng took an exam but failed. She got this flower that brought back memories from the past and decided she would take this test because things would get better again. When a girl sees those geese that fly over her, she knows they will come back, and spring will come back after winter, and when they do, her flower will bloom, the flower that brings back fond memories of the past, she will To recapture that test and the past. These are some examples of why I think the author ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with that story because she loves her homeland, loves her homeland, loves her mother. She loves green and can't wait to tell that spring is here. So she'll be tested against herself, which is why she ends the story that way.
The author of the "Winter Hibiscus" story ends her story this way to show the determination of the girls and make readers look forward to it even more. I say this because it's clear that Saeng is determined to do well, but leaving the story in the air creates excitement for more action.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is used to living in a new place. At the end of the article, Saeng said that many of the things she thought were strange before now became familiar. Winter Hibiscus is so refreshing and reminds Saeng of her home. She says "in the spring when the snow melts" because she's getting used to "the quiet repetition season after season". The goose, forming a distinctive V shape, became more and more familiar to her. The last paragraph is an effective way to end the story as it shows that saeng is adjusting to her new environment and is hopeful for the future.
When they came back, saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. The author's main effect on this sentence is to grab the reader's attention by crafting a continuous paragraph that is the end of which she is adapting to the environment. Saeng values the uniqueness of plants, and she is also comforted by the memory of her hometown
The author ends the story with "when they come back, Sang silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again". She'll wait a bit until the plants grow into plants, so if she fails again, she'll have something to hold on to. For example, when Saeng "failed at @NUM1) she tried to get over the feeling of failure by buying something that reminded her of her country and made this memory go back in time. Another example is when Saeng "felt so When the shock of recognition hits, it's almost visceral (@NUM2), she forgets everything that's happened in her life, from moving to @LOCATION1 to failing an exam, the feeling has her engrossed in being back home again. In conclusion, the authors' conclusions create the belief that Saeng overcomes her problems by remembering memories like plants that remind her of her home country.
I believe the author will end the story this way to welcome next year's Saeng snow. She said that when she first came here, all the new @CAPS1 things seemed strange to her, but now they are second nature to her. I think hibiscus is a jar of hope and inspiration for her. I think she finally realizes that she can stay in @LOCATION1, she can go back to Vietnam. So she has to accept that she's at home, and I think she's doing that.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she is confident in a new beginning. Saeng likens himself to Hibiscus. When "Flour is @NUM1" she will retake the test. This shows that when Fleur starts her life again, so will she. Saeng believes that when Hibiscus is "strong enough to survive the cold @NUM2), then she is strong enough to pass the driving test and live in a new country. Winter and cold represent death, and spring represents new life or beginning. Saeng thought, "In the spring...I will take the exam @NUM3). This is a new beginning, a new hope for Saeng.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author decided to use the sentence "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself, in the spring. When the snowmelt geese come back and the hibiscus germinates, then I will do another test, because This shows that the protagonist Saeng @MONTH1a has failed once, but she will try again. The geese will come back to try a new spring, the hibiscus will bloom with new flowers, so it's like starting over, Saeng said if they try again All succeed, then so can she, but this time she will succeed. Also, it shows the determination that all creatures must succeed in their primary purpose. The flower driver re-emerges. The geese are about to return for spring, and the protagonist is about to pass the exam. He Minfeng, the author of "Winter Hibiscus", took this sentence as the last sentence of the story as inspiration to inspire people to continue on the road of life, failure is a task, try again. So the author gives you inspiration and helps you continue to live your life
In the final paragraph of the story, Saeng swears to herself that she will take her driving test again in the spring. The author ends the story with this paragraph, expressing the hope that nature brings her. She describes peaceful things in nature, such as geese and hibiscus, from which she draws strength because they remind her of her homeland. In this way, her past will always carry a little bit of the past. Throughout the story, Saeng is connected to and draws strength from nature. Her mother has a garden and she is related to it because she has a different past and prefers natural foods like bitter gourd to @LOCATION1. The final paragraph showcases the hope that the beautiful nature of her hometown brings to Saeng, helping her adjust to life in a new place.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that she has the potential to grow stronger. I mean she will feel comfortable in her new environment and she will miss her home too. Also, she's been tired for the year, but the best fails because she doesn't get what her grandmother asks, she spends it on other things. That's why I think the author added this paragraph to the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that the protagonist Saeng is adapting and trying her best with her new way of life. For example, when she swears to herself in the last paragraph: "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I'll take that exam again. It means she's doing that for her in new surroundings and circumstances. More effort is put into what is done. Anyway, the author ends the story with this paragraph to show how someone adapts to change.
The author includes this because he uses metaphors to explain how the author feels about Saeng's personal life is
The author ends the story with a paragraph because it expresses Saeng's sympathy. She wanted to help her mother with the garden because she let her down. For example, she felt bad about annoying her mother, and when her mother was gardening, she said, "Come on, let me help, mother," because her mother's delicate beauty touched her. When Saeng told her mom that she didn't pass the driving test, she even knew she couldn't look at her because she was so upset that it said "Saeng dared not look her mom in the eyes", which showed that Saeng cared about her mom's reaction. In the end, though, the mother was happy that she got it and said, "This is a beautiful plant, and I'm glad you got it", indicating a close bond between mother and daughter. That's why Saeng's sympathy for improving himself is shown at the end of the story.
The story of "Winter Hibiscus" is about a young girl who cares about gardening academically. The conclusion given is to explain that when spring comes and Donghirong is gone, she will pass the school exam that she failed to pass before. Saeng now only cares about winter hibiscus, for example, the phrase "I spent over $19 on it". Explain that she spends all her money on the plant, not any other food. Also, Saeng crying "I failed the exam" indicates that she failed only because she was worried about Seremban. All in all, in the spring, when the winter hibiscus flowers are gone, Saeng will focus more on school than gardening. Maybe now she'll pass the exam and get back to her gardening hobby.
The author has good reason to end the story with this. The protagonist of the story, Saeng, immigrated to the United States from Vietnam, but failed his driver's license test. Saeng, who has yet to adjust to life in the United States, bought it in honor of Vietnam when she saw a tough hibiscus plant. The author is trying to show that since saeng planted hibiscus in winter, when it blooms in spring, she will be ready to pass her driving test as she has adjusted to life in the US. The theme of the story is that if you're leaving the place where you grew up, bring something that reminds you of that place so you can bring a little bit of that culture with you. So the author starts and ends with the same theme.
At the end of the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends with a sentence about retaking the driver's license in the spring, expressing the theme of adapting to local conditions and determined to succeed. The protagonist of the story, Saeng, is a @CAPS1 immigrant. Because @CAPS2 is not her hometown, there is still a lot of life here that she is not used to, and the story also shows her struggling to adapt. For example, when she sees the flower "Madagascar penwinhle", she will think "how strange to see it in a pot" because "it grows wild when you get home", the last sentence of the story is symbolic Sexually, when it says "the geese come back," as the geese adapt by flying south through the winter, as Saeng is trying to do, Saeng realizes that their patterns are becoming familiar. The last line reads "I will take the test again". This sums up Saeng's determination throughout the story. Not only is she determined to succeed in her driving test, but in other things as well. For example, while trying to grow hibiscus, Saeng observed that "the soil was cold and hard, and she had a hard time getting a shovel into it. Still, despite the difficulties, she "dig a hole" and knew it was strong enough to let It gets through the cold months, like Saeng, strong enough to overcome obstacles if she tries. The last sentence of the story makes sense. It conveys important themes and provides valuable insight into Saeng's character insight.
The author ends the story with a paragraph, setting the snip theme. In the story, @CAPS1 represents what is very important to saeng - confidence, beauty, adaptability...something she can apply to herself, and her memory of her hometown. She failed the driving test. Afterwards, she bought @CAPS1 to soothe her homesickness. I see @CAPS1 as a metaphor for Saeng, same @CAPS1 but growing up differently in different areas, like she's still the same, but in a new home. The meaning of the last paragraph is mostly about the budding of @CAPS1. Taking @CAPS1's blossoms to represent Saeng's love for her hometown can represent her love for her hometown. When the author writes "then I'll take that test again", it's referring to the new confidence she @MONTH1 has later on when @CAPS1 blooms (another @CAPS1 /person metaphor)
Author @PERSON1, ended the story "Winter hibiscus, let Sonn start again"... Spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting... @CAPS1 her life, she somehow restart. Although she @MONTH1 misses her old life, her grandmother, the well, and the fine-toothed comb, she's working on it and "taking that test again..." By passing the correlation test, she's showing she's not ready to give in'' @CAPS2 of loss.'' and her grief.
The author said, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to herself that until spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will try again." Because she came to the conclusion that the hibiscus comforted She, once the plants are healthy and alive, she will be comfortable taking the test. In fact, it may seem easy to find comfort in plants, but it's not because she finds comfort in the plants themselves, it's the hibiscus that reminds her of the home she misses so much. Once the plant is thriving, such as her tropical home, she believes it will give her enough comfort to pass the test. In conclusion, this is why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph to show how the plants will grow and so will Saeng. After failing the driver's test, saeng headed to the greenhouse and found hibiscus, which reminded her of her real home in Vietnam when they had similar plants. Then the plants reminded her of all the memories, and she was comforted by them even when she was spoken. She uses the plant as a comforting tool to help her think about when she was born, and all the good memories to help lift her spirits. So to boost her confidence, she decided to plant it. "'Winter hibiscus' is now in the ground, and Saeng has tamped the surrounding soil." Then she saw geese flying in the sky, which was a symbol made that day to remember it, so next year. " When the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting." She will take the exam again. These things brought back fond memories, which helped make her stronger.
I think Saeng needs to take the test because it will improve her grades. Saeng is wary of the spring snow because she is thinking that the flowers are covered by it. Mama Saeng was late for her help with chili and melon and prepared her state dinner.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she wants us to know that she didn't give up on her test. The author wanted to tell readers that she didn't give up "...then I'll take that nipple again", making it clear that she still has hope. The author wanted to continue her testing to find the right flower. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, because in winter all things wither and in spring all things revive, Saeng will be more motivated to do well in exams. Saeng is a bit like a plant, hard and troubled in winter, and then blooming beautifully in spring. Also, I think the memories that Winter Hibiscus brought her; inspired her to stop staying in the past and move forward into the future.
He wrote this because he was talking about weather changes
The author probably ends the story with a b/c paragraph where she is basically associating the plant with herself, meaning that the plant blooms and she also passes the test. Her reasoning may be b/c or b/c, and she reluctantly realizes that many of the things she used to think strange are now almost familiar to her after season after season. Basically, she looks up like geese, watching their distinctive Vs etched into the evening sky, slowly facing into the distance. That's why I trust the author, but it's to end the story...because she's comparing herself to geese and doing what they do
The author describes the last sentence because he wants her dream to come true. We describe "She realizes that many of the things she thought the seasons were quietly repeating are now almost familiar to her. Saeng is from Vietnam and her family has a @CAPS1 dream. So the author wants her family to adapt to them in @CAPS1 A new life for LOCATION2.
She said this because it was winter, and because of the cold weather, the flowers could grow in winter. So she said that when spring comes back, she will take the test of planting flowers again. In conclusion, this is why the author states this conclusion at the end of the paragraph.
The author ends the story with that passage, leaving you full of hope and determination for the future that lived in saeng's heart at the time. Through the story, saeng seems to be in despair as she recalls her hometown, which she didn't do so well in her new country, which she realizes when she "fails her driving test". But as she walks through the flower shop and sees all the plants that used to bloom so freely and beautifully in her hometown, found in those tinkling pots and fighting to survive reminds her of herself at @LOCATION1. When she started growing her hibiscus, she again compared herself to it, which is why she passes the test when her plant blooms in the spring
The author sums up the story because he thinks it will go away, as in Valquet about how hibiscus sprouts in winter and how all the geese will come home and stay there because they hate winter.
The author uses this paragraph to end the story for several reasons. One of the reasons is because Saeng's attitude has changed. At the beginning of the story, Saeng is frustrated and has no hope of adjusting to her new home, but adding this paragraph at the end of the story shows that she has hope and that she won't give up. Another reason this paragraph ends the story is to show that life does go on in the toughest of circumstances. The fact that a new season is about to start is a symbolic sign that Saeng didn't always think that she would change too. This paragraph ends the story for several good reasons.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, I think because the girl didn't pass the exam, the bud reminded her of her grandmother's long gray hair, I think it gave her good luck, so when winter passed and spring came , the buds began to appear back, and that was when she would take the exam again. That's why the author made this sentence the last sentence of the story.
I'm going to tell you why the author ends the story with this paragraph. One reason the author does this is because it tells you that Saeng is confident. It also tells you that she won't give up. This shows her willingness to take her abilities to the next level. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author must very likely intend to present a hopeful enlightenment to SAENG's complex dilemma. In this sentence, "when they come back," the author must most likely refer to the hibiscus flower that represents fond memories of her hometown. The authors demonstrate SAENG's struggles to adjust to her new life through a "test" of planting sprouts, just as she and her grandmother did at home. This test represents her achievement in adjusting to her new life. For this reason, the author ends her story with a paragraph showing that SAENG will indeed take the test again.
The author decided to end the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's determination to adapt to his new life. In the third paragraph of the second page, the author writes: "Saeng is now looking at the white buds in her hands, small and fragile...at least, she can hold on." After failing her driving test, Saeng felt strange and loneliness. She looked at the flower in despair as a reminder of her native Vietnam. The flower brought her comforting memories, so she bought a plant and returned. After discussing with her mother Saeng, she understands that she has to deal with her new home, just like a flower has to adapt to a new environment. By closing the story, the author tells the reader with that sentence that Saeng must "bloom" in her new home to do well. She still needs time because flowers need time to put their roots into the ground.
The author ends the story with this sentence. Maybe to show that she has confidence that she will do everything all over again if she has to. For example, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again", so basically she is saying that she is willing to accept it. One step, that chance. The author ends the story with such confidence and courage.
The author ends the story with a sentence, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus blooms, I will take the test again." She did this to end Hope to take the test again and get good grades. That's how the writer ends too, because Saeng believes in herself, so she vows to do something. Hopefully this will encourage her more and inspire her.
The writer of the story ends the story with a paragraph that basically says that winter comes and things die and then come back next spring. She was referring to plants. I think she was basically recording the memories it left her and the thoughts that came to her mind when she connected with the flower using her senses. Saeng would love to see how next spring's buds will sprout and other new things she's going through @MONTH1.
Well I think the author ended the story this way because he showed her her attitude and now she is changing so she will do whatever she has to do with all her heart and she will take the test again with some pride Try it out in the spring when the snow clears.
The author decided to end the story with paragraphs to show a lot. First, the author uses the closing paragraph to express optimism. The whole story is sad, but the ending shows some hope. At first it said, "@CAPS1 of loss so deep..." (@NUM1), and at the end it said, "I'll take that test again." (@NUM2) shows how her attitude changed from cynical to hopeful . Another reason the story ends with that paragraph is to show how Saeng took it. When the story says the geese are "she's almost familiar now" (@NUM2) it shows that although Saeng is sad to leave her home, she's adjusting well. So the author ends the story with an inspirational paragraph to show the change for the better.
The author ends the story with that sentence, when spring and @DATE2 come again, she will be taking the test again. This means she will plant flowers and make them grow again. Hope she doesn't fail in doing so. For example, "Mrs Lambert, love it. This spicy bitter melon leaves a golden aftertaste on the tongue."
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants to end it on a good note and send a good message there that won't quit because they failed the first time.
The only reason I say the author includes the last paragraph is to show that she won't give up easily. She still has to make persistent efforts, maybe she can get good luck from Furong. One day, when Saeng was walking home after failing to pass her driver's license, she realized she recognized a flower, so she went to the flower shop to see if she could buy it. When she buys it, she goes home and gives it to her mom and they grow it. So maybe it can bring back fond memories of her hometown, or I guess just good luck.
The author summarizes the story of this passage because of its symbolic meaning. When the geese come back in spring, it's like a start to the present. When a hibiscus sprouts, it takes on new life. When this happens, Saeng will also have a fresh start. Getting the story to end like this is an uphill battle for some. It leaves you wanting more, knowing she didn't pass, you wondering if Saeng will pass in the spring, @CAPS1 is a fresh start. When the beginning of a new season comes, when the hibiscus blooms, there is a new beginning for everything and everyone, as she has a new ability to overcome obstacles, a new connection to the past, and comfort in difficult times. Hibiscus symbolizes it all
The author ends the story with this paragraph because that's what the story is all about. Saeng saw what happened in winter, and when it came back, she tried to remember it so she wouldn't know what to expect.
The author ends the story this way because by the end of winter, she will adjust to her new society like Fleur.
The little girl Sang in He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus" moved to the United States from her hometown of Vietnam. The little girl tried to get a driver's license but failed, and Furong, who saw her, comforted her and reminded her of Vietnam. When I bought it, my mother was very concerned about the price, but seeing that her daughter was seriously ill, she also understood. After planting the hibiscus, she looked at the geese and understood that each year they were changing their habitat. The goose inspired Saeng and Furong to say to themselves: "In spring, the snow has melted, the geese have returned, and the hibiscus has sprouted. Then I will take the test again."
The author uses this paragraph because it is the perfect ending. Smartly told @LOCATION1 that all the snow is gone and she will be taking the test again. If one reads between lives now, it says more than this. She really likes Hibiscus, and when Hibiscus comes back to life in the spring, she will have new energy to take the exam again. From her experience with hibiscus, we can tell that the plant really influenced her. Because this plant reminded her of her hometown. We can also see that everything and everyone deserves a second chance. In her case, it was a test she wanted to take again. Also in the spring, she's been living in @LOCATION1 for a few months, and she'll be adjusting to this new situation. Currently she is just homesick, even though her current home is @LOCATION1. So Hibiscus is good for her, some think she can hold on from her old home...
Author: He Minfang, the story ends like this, showing how to overcome obstacles. This story shows the many difficulties saeng faced when she left her old home and came to her new home. on the day described. She failed her driving test, skipped lunch with friends, and spent all her money on a plant in her hometown. Also, this passage shows how Hibiscus symbolizes her. The plant is not in its native place and faces many difficulties; its small pot is cold and even its surroundings are mediocre. In every way, the plants are in the same environment as the protagonist, and the last paragraph is used to connect them.
The author used this paragraph because he was frustrated that the snow would dissipate in the spring.
The last paragraph only means one thing. One thing is to take the test of life again like Fleur @CAPS1. See will come back in spring like hibiscus. So you can see the last paragraph makes good sense to it.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is willing to change, and she wants to do so when spring comes. With the change, Saeng wants to feel comfortable in @LOCATION1 and be able to remember things about where she used to live without having to break down and cry. The author also uses goose because they need to leave the house early and they handle it so Saeng can handle it too.
The reason the author ends the story with this sentence is because when you fail at something, you need time to dust yourself off and try again. When Saeng failed her driving test, she was disappointed. After failing the exam, she became too green where she saw flowers in her hometown. Then where did she buy hibiscus. It reminded her of the difference in things. How things change when you go to different places. Sometimes they're not that pleasant at first, but you get used to them. Like when she first saw the geese flying in a "V" shape. She thought how strange it was. But now it's a farmhouse for her. After failing her driving test, Saeng learned that she needed to be able to try again, even if the situation changed.
She ends with that paragraph, showing that she is serious about gardening and that she won't be gardening until the geese come back.
The authors end the story with the paragraph they did because Saeng is a natural freak. So she really likes nature and she would never hurt nature in her life, I guess they wanted to end with a nice paragraph. So she needs to take that test again.
The author summarizes the story because it shows her determination. It said she will continue to try to adjust her life until she accepts her new home. It also says that as the buds grow, so will she. But she's more of a mental than a physical one. And she took the exam again, which means that she is full of confidence in herself and believes that she will mature and grow up, and become a person who misses her homeland and accepts her new home. That's why the author ends it this way.
Here she is saying that when spring comes she will start a new page, she will start a new page, she will do better on her driving test. I think she ends with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is not a quiet person and she will try harder.
Reservation needs to be checked carefully
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the cold is Bluefield, or the author doesn't want to be around when the cold strikes. It was really cold then
I believe the author ended the story with this paragraph for many reasons. One is that she wants to show sympathy to Fleur. Another reason is to show that Saeng wants to make her mother proud of her. Meaning she doesn't want her mom to think she's going to give up. This is why Saeng believes in himself and really thinks he can pass the test. In the end, I think the last paragraph is snowing how Saeng wants people to know that even a plant as small and meaningless as a plant can help her overcome obstacles and lead her to her dreams. The author chose this paragraph to end the story mainly because we know that Saeng won't stop believing in himself.
The writer of the story chose to end the story with that sentence because the story is mostly about how Saeng failed the driving test, but when she saw Hibiscus, it reminded her of home and made her feel better. In the @NUM1 segment, Saeng says, "And that rich, sweet scent - that's familiar too," talking about how good the flowers are and how familiar they are as she reacquaints herself with the scent. Saeng was already upset about leaving her home in @LOCATION1 and then coming to @LOCATION2 and then failing her driver's license test it just made it worse but then she saw this flower and it reminded her of her home, so she feels better. So when the authors use this phrase, they end the story by showing that when the flower blooms, she will be brave enough to try again.
The author ends the story this way for emphasis. Saeng swears that it will teach her to be hopeful and adaptable in everything. She means when everything comes back and proves they survived, so will she. That's when she will take that driving test. The authors also want to demonstrate that people need to have confidence in themselves. You just have to get used to their environment. This is why the author came to this conclusion.
In the story, the author lends them many different ways, with many different effects. In the novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author uses this paragraph to end the story, because it gives readers a "moving" feeling, which basically summarizes all the pigments mentioned in the story. The first example, at the beginning of the conclusion, it says "Saeng swears silently to himself". In this unique quote, the author presents an image by giving you a mental picture of a silent lonely girl crouching in a cold garden, silently whispering to herself. This quote and this part of the quote have a touching effect on the reader. Another example of why the author ends the story with this is because it summarizes all the parts covered in the story. "When the goose returns to the hibiscus to sprout, I will take the test again." This sentence refers to the many hibiscus mentioned throughout, and finally the goose, and the failure of the test at the beginning. Anyway, that's why the author used that paragraph as the conclusion of such a touching story.
The author concludes in the story that Saeng failed the winter exam because of her love for the hibiscus plant, and spring will help her take the exam.
I believe the writer ends the story with this paragraph because. She wants readers to know that just because she fails, it doesn't mean her life is over. Next year she will re-accept and do the same.
The author uses this paragraph as a summary to indicate that she will try the test again and her new environment. For example, the story says: "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she had previously thought strange, through a season of quiet repetition, are now almost familiar to her". Said she was used to where she was and wanted and was willing to give it a chance. It's almost as if she's not as bad as she thought at first, it's different from her home and the place she's used to.
Maybe the writer put it in the last sentence or last paragraph because in the story she did something and failed and she wanted to do it again.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with the last paragraph because it covers all the themes. It shows Saeng's determination to overcome obstacles and uses the plant as a metaphor, and like the rest of the story, hibiscus represents Saeng or adaptation to change. Plant "died" in winter, which is equivalent to @PERSON1 not getting her driver's license, but the plant will come back, representing determination or adjustment, that's why Saeng said she will go back and pass the test because she has adjusted and is now determined to overcome this obstacle.
After reading the line "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that when the snow melted, the geese came back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I would take that test." From Minfeng's story "The Hibiscus in Winter" Ho, I think the author meant to say that after winter and fall, she will take up the challenge, replant, and feel good about herself. She looked up and watched their unique "V" carved into the evening sky, slowly disappearing into the distance. Looking back Up, I think Saeng feels the goose is secretly letting her know what she's doing is right.
He ends the story this way to show that she wants and is willing to get over leaving her home country. In the story, she goes to a greenhouse. She tests herself in the greenhouse. She found a plant from her hometown that reminded her of her grandmother. She found other plants, they reminded her of her hometown, and she cried. I think she has a real connection with her grandmother. She probably cried for days when they left their home country, like she lost part of the sole of her foot.
The author includes this part of the story because the girl starts to give up on herself, feels bad about moving to America, and also because she failed her driver's test, but at the end it's about the plant she bought that wasn't real. Also because he wants to show that her self-esteem has risen, she is more confident and won't give up on herself.
The author leaves the story with these words because it presents the reader with a big metaphor in the story, and while unfinished, the "metaphor" compares Saeng and her test to the perennial nature of winter hibiscus. The one thing they all have in common is that they all came back, Saeng came back to finish her test, and the winter hibiscus came back, sprouted, and came back to life. I can understand this because I remember I did a triathlon and my goal was to be 1st and I was @NUM1 overall and then next year came and I trained until the triathlon came again and I was @NUM2, so Like winter hibiscus, I am back and accomplished my goal.
The author includes this part in his story because it talks about nature and the good things in nature. This is @CAPS1 @CAPS2, tall green grass, white @CAPS3 fences, in the story, there are those sane types of things that come naturally.
The author sees the hibiscus plant as a new beginning. For example, when she says "Spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, the hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." @CAPS1 She failed the first time and got the plant the next time she passed.
The author wrote this passage in the story because spring has come, the snow has melted, and the geese have returned. I think the author is talking about when it snows in winter, it snows until spring comes and then the snow starts to melt because the sun comes out. One of the reasons is how it changes the weather when the author talks about it.
She was upset with herself because she bought hibiscus instead of plant seeds. So she started crying because she remembered how beautiful their old one was. When the snow melts and the flowers begin to bloom, it's time for her to take the exam again. This is how the author ends this paragraph to signal a new beginning for next year.
I believe she included this because she wanted to show that it was important to her. For example, when she said she would take the test again in the spring. I think she's going to work a lot harder to make sure she's doing everything right. That way she can say she'll stick with what's important to her. These are my thoughts on why she included this passage in the story.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because 1. Saeng failed the test. @NUM1. Hibiscus flowers take time to germinate. @NUM2. It sounded like a good ending, and she didn't want to take the exam in the snow.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is to let the readers know what Saeng@CAPS1 thinks about Furong. I think the author came to this conclusion because he told readers that Hibiscus brought Sanji good luck, and with that good luck, she would pass the test. In this story, it tells us how much saeng loves plants. For example, when she reaches the hibiscus, she reaches out and gently strokes the petals. It feels smooth and cool. That's why the author uses a thal paragraph at the end to show Saeng @CAPS1 and how it made her feel confident.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, leaving readers guessing and wondering what will happen next. It can be seen from the tone of the last paragraph, "When they come back, Sann silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The author seemed to leave with suspense. .
Closing the story the way the author did in his short story "Winter Hibiscus," the author offers a sympathetic understanding of seag's readers about her struggles in a foreign land and her grief in her desire to return home. I think the writer is trying to end the story on a strong note, paying strong attention to Saeng's personality to draw readers back to what they just read. For example, by repeating the statement "I will take this test again" in the test, the author lets us know that Saeng is not giving up and lets the reader know that she will stand strong and live.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she now has something to do. The author can also use this paragraph to end the story because she has to wait that long to accept it again, and Saeng can also wait to see the plants grow and become bigger and stronger. That's why I think the author ends this paragraph.
The author ends the story here to show that Saeng will not give up. She simply set a time for her to try again. Saeng wants to be successful in this world and wants to live a good life, so she tries new things
The story "Winter Hibiscus" is a beautiful story of a foreign girl trying to adjust to @LOCATION1. She loves tropical flowers. The author chose to write the last paragraph this way because it completes the story. When the man leaves and the flowers begin to grow, she struggles to adjust to the end of spring.
I think the writer used this paragraph as the ending because it means that Saeng loves the garden, which is special to her. Also, when all the snow has melted, she will take the test and hopefully get her driver's license.
I feel like the writer ends the story with this paragraph because new beginnings begin for her. The blooming plants made her happy and reminded her of her grandmother. She says when spring comes, she'll be ready for new obstacles, like hibiscus plants.
I believe the writer chose to end the story with this paragraph because it symbolizes the end. This plant represents her home. But she realized through the sight of the geese that even anyone has to leave the house at some point. She has now accepted what is going on and she will try her driver's license again soon. When the hibiscus blossoms again, it is symbolic to her, and that is when she is ready to try again.
I believe the writer ended the story with that paragraph because she showed that she was working on it and that she wanted another chance. She realized her mistake and was ready to start over, and despite her failed winter attempts to grow hibiscus, she tried to start over when @DATE1 came along. For example in stories. It says "Winter Hibiscus" is now in the ground, the saeng presses the soil around it overhead, and a flock of Canada geese fly by, their faint chirping clear and familiar to the saeng snow. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she thinks it will bring her good luck in the exam. When she goes back to take the test, she will enjoy the comfort of the land of her native hibiscus plant to encourage her to pass the driving test. When she takes the exam again, she can already pass because of the comfort of home, and she'll get used to the area being different from her hometown. In order for her to do well in the exam, she needs something to help her feel a little more confident in herself. Things that remind her of home and the house she now lives in can help her feel confident in herself.
She said she was going to take the test because to show her mom she could do it and it passed this time. Don't worry about her hometown.
I think this brings hope because she really misses her home country and by finding peace and quiet around them she said "at least she can hold on" meaning bud she misses her grandmother washing her hair and being in it Put a Docmark. I think since she really has nothing but flowers that remind her of her hometown, the text says "Where are the tines of the hibiscus hedge, well. Her tender grandmother, she missed all these things, so I think , put her in this position, it brought her to a place where she misses not only the people of her hometown, but also beautiful things, and that she always has a part of being with her because of this flower.
In the previous paragraph the author used "When they come back, the snow melts in spring, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test. The author uses this because Saeng finally finds solace. After moving to the United States from his hometown, I will take that test. , she felt disgusted. For example, she came across this flower and it reminded her of the time she spent in her hometown. She remembered that his grandmother smelled because of this plant. So when she finally got back to her mother, she put the flower Show her. They both planted flowers and @CAPS1 has a sense of relief. So she swears that winter is coming and spring is coming and she will take that exam because she already has a sense of home and that gives Her courage and strength. It also shows that even if you're in a different area and you're chewing, there's always something to remember where you can get immobile and lime
The author ends the story this way because it shows her determination to pass the exam. Just as a bird can fly south, she can pass that test.
The author ends the story with a sentence: "When they come back, Sang silently swears to himself in the spring that when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." The author does this for several reasons. The author wants to show you that there is still hope for Saeng, and she believes she can do it. Also, to show that Saeng will still try to adjust to her environment and make friends. Saeng is also determined that next time she will pass the exam. The last is to highlight the conflict and how Saeng overcomes it.
I believe the author ends the story with this quote because life goes on. "When the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." It proves that she is continuing to live, and all creatures in the world will continue. Even knowing that she's moved to a new country doesn't mean she still can't enjoy what's in her hometown, "but she's been eating it since she was a child, and she admits that she likes it more than a Big Mac." That's why the author put the last paragraph to show that The reason why life continues to exist.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she really doesn't worry about when they will take the test again, she only cares about the plants she picks. Also, she knew it would take a long time to take the test again so she could have more time to study and be more prepared and focused. The author also ends the article with this paragraph because she wants readers to know that since she failed @NUM1 times, she will come back again to take over it and nothing will stop the author from failing.
It shows not giving up, it ends almost the same way it started, it shows that people shouldn't get too attached to the past, each of which is why I believe the writer ends the story with that paragraph. It shows that people shouldn't give up because even if she doesn't pass the exam, she will try again later to pass it. Also, the way the story ends the same way she begins her exam or preparation is a great way to write. The last thing is it shows that people shouldn't rely too much on the past because if they see something that reminds them of the past they @MONTH1 will break down and that's why she took the test to see if she can see in Familiar flowers do not fall apart.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, on a happy and motivating note. In the story, Saeng said she was very disappointed in herself when she failed the exam. The exam must be very important to her, so she is so disappointed . The author may also end this paragraph to show that Saeng is committed to passing the test. Saeng seems to be a sentimental but dependable person. I believe the test is the least expensive and she wants to earn her mother's respect. That's why taking and passing the exam is so important to Saeng. That's why the author ends this paragraph.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus," the author ends the story with these lines: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back, this hibiscus was sprouting, and I Will take it. Test it again." The reason the author ends the test with these lines is because she is re-establishing the symbolism of the plant. The text says that plants sprout in spring, once given time to grow and adapt to their new environment. Just as the factory needs that time, so does the protagonist Saeng. She just moved from Vietnam and failed her driving test. Saeng is very uncertain about her new culture. For example she likes the bitter gourd it says. "But she's been eating it since she was a child, and she admits to prefer it to the Big Mac." She seems to think she's been misunderstood and no one likes her, but just as plants will adapt to this new life, so will she.
The author concludes by saying that she will take the exam again in the spring, and silently swears because spring reminds Saeng of home. There are many beautiful wildflowers in Vietnam. Sarng went to the flower shop to buy some potluck. It says the flower's "leaves tremble in the wind". This shows that the plants are different because there are no flower buds either. She had just passed her driver's license before this and needed hope, so when the hibiscus blooms again in spring, it will give Saeng a sense of home. Give her hope to do well in her driving test.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because Saeng's entire world is a plant, and they have no motivation when they go away.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author concludes: "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will accept that test." Again. . The author says this because the memory from San's hometown comforts her. So much so that she'll pass the exam with ease because she won't be nervous. "It was like stepping into another world," Saeng said, as she entered the flower shop after failing her driving test. It was as if she completely forgot about failure and only thought about plants, flowers. The flowers brought her into the blissful tranquility and made her feel at home. Like everything will be fine. That's why the author ends with this sentence, because we as readers should show her memory of farmland that will help her pass the driving test.
Author @MONTH1 summed it up like this because of the title and the beginning of the story. Or maybe he @MONTH1 has ended the story this way because he wanted to. He @MONTH1 ended the story to show what happened to @MONTH1. But a good conclusion is a good conclusion.
I really don't know why the author ends the story with this paragraph. Probably because she started talking.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's determination. Saeng has been through a lot and misses home. She felt different and out of place, but she was still strong. Life goes on and this passage shows Saeng moving with it. This passage says: "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts. I will test again." Spring is here, and nothing can stop the time. Snow will melt due to weather changes. Geese will fly home and hibiscus will bloom in spring. Saeng sees things in a positive light and decides to join them. Of course she failed once, but she was strong and willing to try again. If you don't succeed at first, try and try again. Saeng will always have her memories of home, but she is willing to change her new surroundings. The closing paragraph shows Saeng's determination to succeed and survive in the new world.
The author concludes the story because she wants to show us that Saeng has confidence in herself and will not hesitate to take the exam again. She walked to a corner of the vegetable field and started digging a hole in the ground.
The author ends this paragraph with a sense of hope and growth. The flower represents Saeng's hometown, which comforts her. It connects her to her emotions and reminds her of the way. The growth and prosperity of hibiscus corresponds to the prosperity of mulberry. When it blooms, she will have a real home and can take her exams again. This story is about overcoming obstacles and adapting to change. The visual and almost lyrical expression of the blooming hibiscus makes the rewards and results of your struggles "look even more beautiful"
The author ends the story hopefully with this sentence. It was very negative at first, Saeng failed the driving test and her mother yelled at her. But when this sentence came out, the readers were full of hope for the young girl Saeng. The author did this to show that Saeng would adjust and persevere before she got so frustrated, @CAPS1 when she said, "I didn't pass the test." And then having Saeng come back from the incident gives the reader hope that this is The reason why the author did this.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the author is talking about how there will be a new beginning. Since Saeng fails the test and in the winter the plants will die in the spring and the plants will germinate again, she will retake the test. This is a new opportunity to start over.
Saeng swears to himself silently, and in the spring, saeng swears that he really doesn't like talking. Saeng likes to be alone sometimes. When spring comes, things are different. Saeng loves spring and @DATE2. She plays outside all day every day. Saeng is just a good girl
The writer ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that the character will retry what she failed. In the story, the character loves gardening, so when her favorite plant comes back, she re-trys to pass her test.
The author ends the story with this, because as winter comes, everything disappears. Like the leaves of trees, wild geese flying south, flowers wither. So this passage is saying that in the spring, when everything recovers, she will start the test again. It's like starting a new life over.
In the story called "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with this sentence: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back, and this hibiscus sprouted, I would Will accept to try again." The author put it at the end of the story because when things get stuck, everyone wants to wait until it comes back up again, because when you fail, everything fails, but if you wait for a while In time, everything will start like flowers and everything you can think of. So that's why the writer put it at the end of the story to tell people that it's okay for people to fail, as long as you get up and try again until you hit the mark. So that's what the author said, and that's why Minfong Ho put it at the end of the story so people can read and learn what it says.
The author ends the story with a final paragraph to set the final mood. The author wants to show that Saeng will not give up, she will continue to adapt to the new environment. It makes the ending of the story feel warm and encouraging. The end of the story also encourages readers not to give up. The last paragraph sets up an example of how readers can also swear by improvements. The author knows that the last paragraph will serve as an inspiration and will help the reader experience something similar to the story.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because to her, the plant seems to remind her of her hometown, which calms her down and makes her feel stronger when it sprouts. In the story, Saeng is an outsider who sees a part of her past when she sees plants. In the story, she trembles when she tries to say "at home". When she says "this hibiscus is budding", I think she's really saying she's ready to accept this country as her home because this flower reminds her of her homeland. At the end of the story, it says how see is used to the "V" flying geese, so she's getting used to the country more and more, and when she's ready, she'll take the exam again.
The author added the paragraph "Wait for them to come back...then I'll take the test again" to show that Hibiscus is a symbol of time. Saeng uses hibiscus to measure when she will take the exam again. The hibiscus flower also symbolizes the strength to overcome difficulties (stay strong). Saeng has trouble with her exams, but Hibiscus is there to help her finish the exam and prepare for the next one. Hibiscus also helped Saeng's mother through the difficult time, as she saw her daughter's sadness because she didn't succeed in the exam. This plant can help mothers stay positive and also help mothers to do the right thing for their daughters. in the story. The mother decided to plant hibiscus in the garden to make her daughter happy. Hibiscus has a strong symbolic meaning and it helps Saeng and her mother stay strong in their struggles.
This last paragraph goes along with one of the main premises of the story. In order to be incomplete, and remain to understand and be happy in this world. Immortality is taking this "test" to see if Shes is ready to change and adapt to her new environment. She didn't have it this time. But when all is right and Fleur is ready, she will try again to see if Shes is ready to let go of the old and enjoy the new.
She said it because she didn't do what she wanted, so she said she failed, her mom got angry for a second, then stopped, she said I liked it, asked if she wanted something to eat, so went in , but she took the task as a test so she said next time I'll do it right.
I believe the author ends the story with a "test" because it is an important part of Saeng's life or part of her heritage.
There are many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph. First, the ending gives a lot of emotion and doesn't make the story uninteresting. Another reason is that it shows strength. Not physical strength, but mental strength. Saeng said that even if she failed the exam the first time, she would take the exam again. Another reason the author @MONTH1 used this paragraph to end the story is to show people never give up. It shows how she failed, her mum was disappointed, but she wouldn't give up and take the driving test again. Overall, the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it exudes a great image of trying and never giving up.
The author probably ends the story with this sentence, as it shows the author and her children's commitment to gardening. I guess kids' favorite plant is hibiscus. I think the favorite thing a mother and her kids do together is gardening. This is a great way to end the story. It puts questions on the reader's face. This makes them wonder why the author did it. But in my opinion, I think it adds some curiosity to the story.
The story's quest line "Winter Hibiscus" is intended to give a glimpse into the near future to show Saeng's changing attitude. Up until this point, Saeng has been lamenting about her old country and not adjusting well to her new country. The hibiscus flower inspired her to know that the new country had much in common with her old country. In the last line, she accepts her current situation. "Wait until the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus blooms." It meant that she had to let go of a little time before taking the driver's license test and starting a new life.
The author concludes that Saeng will retake his driving test in the spring to prove it. When he came home after the exam, Saeng saw a familiar flower and chose to go to a flower shop to make a delar. There, she saw many flowers that reminded her of home. She bought a hibiscus to go home. She and her mother planted it after saeng realized the flower could survive the winter. She looked up to see the many birds flying overhead and realized she had settled into life with @LOCATION1. Fleur has given her the will to live and she knows she can adapt to @LOCATION1's life. The author's point is that Fleur gave her the courage and hope to retake her driving test and continue to survive @LOCATION1.
I think the reason the author ends the story with the last paragraph is because it's the passion of @CAPS1. Saeng does it very and every year. She really loves plants and she will be waiting to do it again. The last paragraph does show a lot of dedication. And she really values spring and hibiscus.
The author ends the story with this sentence to show that just like Hibiscus, Saeng adapts and works hard in order to survive and adapt to its non-native land. She won't give up the fight to pass the exam to be part of her new country. The whole story supports this when her mother is late on the hibiscus. "It's strong enough to get through the cold months here, the hibiscus this winter. That's what counts," she said (Ho @NUM1). Here, the author compares Seremban's hardships in a foreign country with Saeng's life. Both had to fight fiercely during tough times, and no, one, "not even her classmates or friends, or Mrs Lambert" (HO @NUM1), couldn't understand how lonely she felt. So, just as she vowed to take the exam again, she promised herself that she would be strong in tough times, just like her winter hibiscus.
She said that mainly because she was saying that there was no fate. She's basically saying that when things change again, she believes her performance will change too. I describe this through the idea that you can tell she's starting to miss her home in Vietnam, and that's the memory that emerges over time. It's a simple aspect of logic that chases over time. But I think I did explain correctly what this is supposed to mean. But other than that, I ultimately believe Saeng is saying this because time brings change.
The importance of why the author ends the story this way is to show the reader the importance of plants. It seems that because the author is not in her home country, there is not much around her to comfort her in this new place. The author was able to find a hibiscus in a place she didn't think she could give her the strength to do anything she could. Whatever the challenge of @MONTH1, it is possible for the author to try to accomplish her task by giving her the achievement and confidence that she has some support from the factory
The author ends the story with this, because Seremban and Saeng are very similar. The narrator also likens her to a returning goose. The return of the goose means she starts over at the driving school, and does it again. Fleur represents her staying strong through the winter, and coming spring she will be reinvigorated and put to the test again. That's why the narrator chooses to end the story this way.
The author ends the story this way so that he/she has a spin-off. I mean, I think that means she's going to try again when spring arrives so she and her plants can have a fresh start, and I think that's a great way to end it.
The author concludes: "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." There are several reasons. One reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is that hibiscus will adapt to spring, just as Saeng should adapt to her new environment in America. Another reason like the buds of hibiscus, Saeng has started to get older and wiser, allowing her to go back in the spring and hopefully pass the driving test. Finally, in the text, "she realized that many of the things she used to think were strange are now almost familiar to her after season after season." This shows that Saeng is now more and more aware of where she lives. The more familiar and comfortable, and how the hibiscus flower easily adapts to its place and to the seasons.
Author @CAPS1 with the story of this paragraph because Saeng said when she @CAPS2 @CAPS2 she will take the test again, which means in the form of a test, while she is there, it is a test for the servle, and when The story begins, it's the beginning of a test, and at the end of the story, the test and the changes there, she wants to come back and see what grows. The author also said that you don't know how good you are.
Because "Winter Hibiscus" was in the ground, Saeng pushed the soil around it down. Overhead, a swarm of Canadian grease flows overhead, their tinny horns clear, - yes - @CAPS1 Saeng now.
The author has included this paragraph in the story because it shows an impression of work ethic and adapting to a new environment can be difficult. "Even @PERSON1, it doesn't look like it." For a new student, dislikes are so obvious that they won't do them any good. Work ethic, which also affects their spirit. Therefore, the girl is not comfortable and is not keen on working something that no one will appreciate.
The author sums it up this way because she is determined to pass the driving test she had previously failed to pass. For example, she wrote that "she silently swore to herself". When you vow to do something, it usually means that you are very determined to do it. Everything she said after that was what she really meant. So that's why the author ends with this sentence to show her love for the target.
The writer of the story, Winter Hibiscus, ends the story with this sentence, as the writer wants to show that Saeng is finally getting used to her new home. She doesn't spend much time dreaming about her past. "And in the warm, humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and cried." I believe that's what she needs to get on with her life.
The author ends the story with that paragraph and lets us know when she picks it up again. When the seasons change, she'll make persistent efforts. Saeng may be embarrassed about why she waited so long. Saeng walked a long way home and stopped at the flower shop. She tried to get her mind off the failing exam. Saeng brings a beautiful flower/plant to @MONEY1. The mother was unhappy at first, but then she changed her mood when she found out that her daughter was unhappy.
I believe the writer ends the story with this because he said she will keep trying, not give up, keep trying. I say this because she just moved to the US from Vietnam and it is difficult to adjust to life in the US. I think the goose represents something that's always changing her surroundings, and when they come, she'll fly again to get her license.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because now she has work to do. The author could also use this paragraph to end the story because she had to wait that long to take it again, which is also what Saeng might want to wait to see the plants grow and get bigger and stronger. That's why I think the author ends this paragraph
Saeng will silently accept the happy ending of this story in the spring, because the story has listed the arrival of malice, the spring it and the plant beautiful time Spring, everything as the plant's ending, because the spring in a close try and the time again In the test, thought it was a commodity ending, because the ruler mighty is about the machine saeng and spring it and the manufacture is close to the paragraph. That's why it's a great finishing plant.
The author ends with this, because of the meaning of hibiscus to life. For her, it is a symbol of strength and comfort. And she knew that if Hibiscus could survive the winter snow and cold weather, she knew she would not fail either. For her, the hibiscus is a symbol of herself, and if it survives, she knows she can too. She is also preparing to take the exam again when Hibiscus is budding, because it reminds her of her hometown and comforts her. Then even if she fails, she will still be happy because her favorite plant is sprouting. I also think the author sums up the story this way because both Plant and Saeng have to overcome obstacles. Plants must survive the winter and come back in the spring. And Saeng has to pass her driving test. In the end, I think the author ends this way because of what plants mean to Saeng. If it survives, she knows she will too, and life goes on.
Believe the author's ending is "When they come back, Sheng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the flowers and plants return, and this hibiscus blooms, I will take the test again." Because it shows the whole of the story. theme. The theme of this story is adapting to things in life. When she said she would take the test again, the conclusion bears that out. Fleur allowed her to overcome the changes in her life. For example: "The familiar scent fills her lungs, and saeng can almost feel the softness of her grandmother's long white hair." Hibiscus is a hometown thing that gives her fond memories. Hibiscus encouraged her to keep working hard in addition to her new life. make it better.
The author probably ends the story this way because that's when Saeng feels most comfortable. Saeng and her mother moved from Vietnam because Hibiscus in winter was very popular and familiar to Saeng. She ends the text this way because it reminds Saeng of Vietnam and how she feels better at that time of year. When she says "there's another old friend next to me." She feels the plant is like her friend and makes her feel more comfortable. That's why the writer ends the story her way.
The author ends the story with this sentence because it will be a new beginning and it will be spring and beautiful. "@CAPS1 plant it now" tells me she wants to try again. She wants a fresh start when all her beautiful flowers are in bloom, spring is here, and she wants her best chance to pass now.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she is saddened by what she did. The test she's talking about is how she should use the twenty dollars they have and buy one. Big @CAPS1 , she spent most of her money at home besides buying a plant to remind her that the last paragraph says when she gets a chance to "test" again, she'll do what she's supposed to do
After reading He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus". I believe He He ended the story with that paragraph to support her idea of overcoming obstacles. First of all, after failing her driving test, Saeng is very upset and doesn't know if she will pass it. But after seeing the hibiscus plant, it reminded her of her home in Vietnam, which inspired her. Second, when she bought the plant, Mom got a little mad because it was so expensive. However, after seeing the plant bring joy to Saeng, her mother forgave her. Finally, when saeng digs a hole for the hibiscus to grow, this inspires Saeng to take the test again as she overcomes the hurdle of bringing the plant home and letting it grow. Therefore, I believe that Stanley Ho can follow her thinking of breaking through the barriers when she ends "Winter Lotus".
The last paragraph of the story shows the theme of determination. Fleur reminds her that her "home" was her old life but missed @CAPS1 in her new life. She gained determination through the reminder of the incident. She quickly realizes she's home because she's already familiar with things, like the V-shape of a goose. She loves her old home, but she realizes it's time to move. The last paragraph not only means retaking the driving test, but also the determination to embrace a new home and a new life.
I will take the test again. She has @CAPS1 confidence in Fleur and Snow. When the snow melts, the hibiscus sprouts. Then she'll grow up with Fleur again, so she's @CAPS2, confident enough to test.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because they want people to know what's going on in the story. Also because they want people to know what it might mean, or say something to do with the story. The phrase means that when spring comes, when the snow may melt, the plants will come out and sprout, but by the next class or the next school year, he will come out and bravely retake the exam. This is what the sentence in the story means and how it can be compared to these two things in different ways.
The last paragraph of "Winter Hibiscus" by @CAPS1 Ho reads "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will accept it." Test again. . "The passage compares her to a flower, showing that she is tough as a flower, determined to take the test again next year and pass the test. She will also take the test because it comforts her and reminds her of home.
He ends the paragraph this way because he @MONTH1 wants you to keep reading, or maybe he's showing you a comparison between Flowers and Saeng. "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again," a quote that shows the flowers can fight back for winter. Saeng failed an exam once and is now going back to retake the exam. This shows that they both have the drive and integrity to return.
The author ends the story with this passage, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again". I believe the author sums up the story this way because it shows that Hibiscus represents a new beginning for Saeng and restarts what she failed. When Saeng sees Hibiscus after failing her driving test, it comforts her in times of disappointment, connecting with her past experiences, and her ability to overcome obstacles. So, when the narrator says, "Wait until the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", it means a new beginning, so the hibiscus represents life. That's why I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
The last line is included in the story "Winter Hibiscus" because it shows the connection between Saeng and the flower. Although Saeng failed her driving test the first time, she decided to take it again in the spring. Hibiscus flowers like Saeng are no longer suitable, it must survive winter to spring to germinate again. This suggests that by retaking the driving test, Saeng will germinate again in the spring. Another reason is that saeng and Hua are not used to @LOCATION1's condition. So they all have to get through the winter they're not used to. This again shows how the last line connects the girl and the flower. Anyway, the last line in the text ends the story with the connection between the flower and Saeng.
I think the reason the author ends the story with this sentence is because the author is determined to adapt to a new country and environment. In the story, the author shows nostalgia. The author couldn't believe it when the author saw a plant that knew where she came from and bought her for more than @NUM1. She didn't want to tell her mom why she got it because she was too shaking to say go home or start crying again. The last sentence shows that the author is struggling to adapt.
The author ends this paragraph because s/he wants to end the story with a conclusion that portrays the story. The author refers to Hibiscus in the story as "consolation in distress," a hobby or thing she likes to do with her spear time. Anyway, for the reasons stated in @ORGANIZATION1, the author ends this paragraph
The author ends the story with the given paragraph. It highlights the important and familiar things that make her feel comforted, and uses them to basically say that once she feels better, she will be tested again. Winter hibiscus is a plant from which Saeng recalled his life before the story, so when she sowed the plant, "a wave of loss so deep and strong now sweeps Saeng's eyes." When she first saw this While growing plants, Saeng couldn't calm her emotions because she realized how much she missed her old life. The plant is mentioned in the last paragraph because when it blooms in spring, winter hibiscus will help fill the emotional void and help saeng try again to get tested. She also mentioned geese for the same reason, but in a different way. Unlike Winter Hibiscus, it takes a while for Goose to "pass through the quiet repetition of season after season and it is now almost familiar to her". Saeng mentions this so that she can adjust to the unfamiliar and unfamiliar parts of life and take the exams she failed. So by referring to what she did in the previous paragraph, saeng uses the familiar, foreign and domestic, to illustrate that she is accepting her own failure.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it expresses the meaning of the story. In any case, life goes on and Hibiscus will return again in the spring. Hibiscus is like a symbol of Saeng's life. This plant usually doesn't survive winter, but this one does. "Its flowers aren't as pretty, but it's strong enough to survive the winters here..." Saeng and her mother are like this plant, says the mother. They are strong and their lives will continue even in their new environment The author chose to end the story with this sentence because even though she said Hibiscus would come back every spring, the deeper meaning is that Saeng and her mother, like Hibiscus, will continue to live his life.
The author chose to end the story in a very deep, interconnected way. It ends with rebirth and a second chance. Saeng swears, "When spring returns, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus blooms, I will be tested again," the author links the feeling of a new country with second chances and rebirth, spring snow melts rebirth, and geese return Symbol of second chance, which is related to second chance at birth. . That her exam is still promising.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because he wants us to understand what the story is about. I say the idea because in the story he talks about the orchids, orchid bushes, oleanders, elephant-eared begonias and bougainvilleas that surround her. It tells how these flowers surround her to test her. Her @CAPS1.
I think the author sums this up in the story because. This is the key message of this story. because. This is dealing with her mother. She loves working in the garden, being a garden and having a real job. like her mother
Saeng thinks she has failed because she misses her grandmother. The cucurbits she bought reminded her of her grandmother's scent. Saeng spent more than @MONEY1 on hibiscus plants. She needs it to make her feel at home. Saeng felt she had little time to leave her country "in the blink of an eye". Her grandmother would want her to be strong and not cry at the thought of leaving her. When Saeng thinks about her past, she needs to think of the bright side and smile. Saeng wants to pass the exam. The next time the hibiscus sprouts, she must not cry.
I think the reason the author did this was to let you know when it happened and what the weather was like and then it also told you how long she was going to wait until the snow melted and that would be when the geese lived and came home and that's why I think she'll tell you what it's like.
I think it's about the winter hibiscus and the lush baddies that surround their garden, its lush green foliage dotted with vermilion flowers, she said, reaching out and gently stroking as she walked up to the hibiscus with a petal.
The reason why the author ends the story her way is to give the reader the last thought. Also symbolizes rebirth. When Saeng said: "...this hibiscus is sprouting..." (Ho @NUM1). She also described that they will start over when spring arrives. This gives readers some final thoughts on Saeng and how she overcomes life in a new place. Finally, it combines the feelings and experiences of @CAPS1 during the move, "...I will take the exam again" (Ho @NUM1), which tells the reader that she will continue to give her new home a chance. Anyway, the reason this sentence is the last paragraph is to show that Saeng will continue to work hard to overcome ??? (word not @CAPS2)
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she wants to see the spring hibiscus buds that Saeng has been waiting for, with hope for the future. This gave her hope that she would be able to pass the test again. When she says "..this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will take that test again,'' @CAPS1 Winter, Saeng hopes she will improve, and when the hibiscus is sprouting, she will know it's time to try again. Saeng will Spring is seen as a new beginning. So that means it's time to get over her stubbornness. I think it might be a stubbornness or a test not to cry when she thinks about her old life in Vietnam. When she does that When she grew up like a hibiscus
One of the main reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author states that Saeng wants to continue her mother's gardening work. Take over an elder's tradition and what her mother started.
I believe that the author ends the story with this paragraph in order to show the persistence of the protagonist. I believe this is because at the beginning of the story, when she was walking home, she said she failed her driving test. In the final paragraph, she said that after winter is over, when her hibiscus flowers are in full bloom, she will take the exam again. Her persistence has allowed her to live her life like a plant trying to survive the winter.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to do it right next time. It means she can try to do the right thing every year to impress her mother. Anyway, what I have to say about this paragraph
The author of the story "Winter Hibiscus" @CAPS1 is the story of this post because he wants to prove that she thinks Hibiscus is most likely to end as not just a flower, it is also a memory to immortality. For Immortal Winter Hibiscus is like a storybook, waiting to be lifted by smelling the precious time spent with her "gentle grandmother" from her first home, fond memories spent just to read. @CAPS1 will try to use flowers to show readers how much a simple object can trigger memory, thinking, etc. The last sentence clearly states, from the evidence of the story, that Eternal is deeply concerned with her past, and to make her fit in today's life she must not forget who she is. By keeping the hibiscus in her garden, she can have her beautiful reminder of where it came from. So who would believe this reasoning is hypothetical, why @CAPS1 ended up with the story "Winter Hibiscus" with selected passages.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. For example, when she says, "This hibiscus is budding," it expresses a sense of hope. This indicates a new beginning or a fresh start. I think this is the idea the author is trying to convey. Obviously, it is difficult for the author to adapt to a new country, such as her disappointment that Hibiscus is different from her hometown, and despite her hostility, this passage reassures the reader that the author is willing to give her new country another chance.
The author ends the story with that particular passage for a number of reasons. The last paragraph says "when they come back...I will take the test again" (Ho @NUM1). The protagonist is already distraught over failing a driving test and distraught about missing her home country. The buds gave her hope and, in essence, the strength to take her test anew. It was also when I was in the flower shop, after smelling the fragrance of the flowers, "a sense of loss that deeply stabbed Saeng's eyes, and now swept over her... And in the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng collapsed. "Come down and cry" (Ho @NUM2). It's clear to the protagonist that these flowers mean a lot to her. They bring her back to the homeland she left and misses abruptly, they give her hope, they remind her of her Loved things, like her grandmother. All in all, the writer chose to end the story with this paragraph because it was the most meaningful to the protagonist.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that she loves them flowers. They met a lot of her. She was heartbroken when she failed her driving test. A flower made her feel better. Now that the snow has stopped, she has waited until spring, and when spring comes, she will have the confidence to be tested again.
The reason why the author sums this up is to let everyone know that Saeng will come back to Furong to take care of it and she hasn't forgotten about it.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", Minfong Ho of young Saeng moved to the United States from Vietnam. She later took a driving test, which she failed to pass, but did manage to find solace in her memory of her hometown. The last paragraph says, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that until spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The author uses this paragraph to end the story for many reasons . . These are Saeng's frustration with her failing exams and being reminded of her hometown and the changes she has had to adapt to during this relocation. Even when things get really tough, the hibiscus plant gives Saeng hope to continue her journey. Winter is a time of trouble and sorrow for this plant, as Saeng's time of trouble and sorrow fails this test and is not in her real home. The end of winter has given the factory and Saeng the opportunity and new hope to start over, and if Saeng continues to find solace in the past, she will find it easy to weather the storm.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, making the reader curious. to show that she won't give up on what she wants to do.
Author Minfong Ho tells the story of Saeng failing the exam and vowing to take it again, because just like in the story, the exam symbolizes moving on a little bit, just starting her new life instead of living in the old one. But Saeng couldn't do that. She bought this flower with all her money because it carried her memories. But I think as the story goes on, she kind of realizes that she can have her old life and her new life at the same time. I think she ended the story that way because she really wanted to try again. She wants to please her mom, and she herself wants to move on and start her new life.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because saeng thinks she needs more time. If she takes a break and does what she needs to do, then she @MONTH1 can pass the test.
Ending the story this way because he can now expand on it to create a sequel about Saeng's success. Ending the story this way as well, the author now shows Saeng's limits, and now she will stop at nothing until her test is complete. Saeng has difficulty adjusting to her new lifestyle, as the plants and luteries she had before no longer exist. In the story, Saeng's determination is shown when her mother finds out that she spent @NUM1 dollars to own a similar plant. The mother replied that their entire garden was worth less than the @NUM1 doll.
This sentence ends the paragraph stating that when the hibiscus sprouts and the new season begins, Saeng will be a new person and will be able to be tested. In this sentence, Han Xue, Fei Yan, Zhong Furong, can all represent Saeng and what she is going through. They were either cold and ready to leave, or restricted as Saeng felt. But when the new season begins, the goose comes back, and the hibiscus in a pot is no longer restricted, and the immortal will also grow up to be able to take the exam. This sentence is put at the end to show how much Saeng can grow now because she has hibiscus and it grows with her.
The author ends the story with the provided sentence because, as she says, when you and winter are over, there is time to go gardening there again, and get back to testing the plants she planted.
The author ends the story with a paragraph about Saeng taking the exam again. The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng wants to take the exam again when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts. When that time came, she felt ready. Saeng tried to tell herself that she needed more time to prepare for the test. When she has more time to prepare for the exam, she will take the exam again. I think that's why the author wrote this paragraph as a conclusion.
The author ends the story with this sentence. Because when the hibiscus starts to sprout, it will inspire her to try again and pass the test. In order to pass the exam, she wants to feel at home, and she wants to have a memory of her home to encourage her to try again. So, that's why the author ends the story with the last paragraph.
The author ends the story with a retested passage to show that the narrator @MONTH1 is uneasy about coming to a new place, but she will keep trying. When the narrator learns that Furong is not like her hometown Furong, she is upset. This upsets her because she might miss something she was used to. The author uses this passage to show that the narrator is strong and won't give up on doing things the way they are, but also to show that she will struggle to adjust to her new home. The author does this to show that you should keep trying what you like. The narrator keeps trying as the geese fly back and the hibiscus is budding. So the author says if you fail try it and set the goal of never giving up.
I think the author ended the story with this paragraph for many reasons.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because he knows he's ready for the test and he says he'll be ready to take the test when spring comes. I know it's spring because he's sad when the snow melts.
When she moved to America, she saw all the beautiful flowers in spring, and she saw one flower that caught her eye, it was called the hibiscus. She thought she could go to the flower shop and see if they had it. If she could go back in time, they would go wild, trembling from cracks in the walls, the flowers reminded her of her grandmother, whose long gray hair had just been washed
In He Mengfeng's "Winter Hibiscus", the quote "When they came back, Sonn silently swore that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again, it symbolizes that @CAPS1 lives in her. A new journey in a new country. In the test, Saeng has a personal difference, misses her hometown @CAPS2, she said "I - did not pass the test. " The test meant more, and then she just failed. She was a test of her ability to work in a new country, and she failed. The phrase "when they come back..." that started above can be analyzed in depth as snow is her obstacle, and Hibiscus is herself. When the obstacle is gone and she sprouted into a new and stronger person, she will take the exam again.
She will go back to where she started. It's a circle and she'll be back where she started next year.
no image
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph. "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to herself that I will take the test again in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus blooms." Because the budding of flowers will make her confident in everything. .I think it's because that flower reminded her of her old memories of her hometown. It's basically like she has a little home in her new home. An example of this is, "Not like the one we used to have", which is explaining that the new Hibiscus is similar but not the same as the one at home, so it reminds her of home. That's why I believe the authors end the story their way,
The reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is to show that Saeng will not give up. She has to overcome this problem. This is a great way to end the story because the whole story is about overcoming problems and if Saeng drops it it will ruin the story. But just as she was able to leave her hometown, she would eventually pass the exam. Mothers were also able to overcome some obstacles. Like moving away from her hometown and having to plant all the new plants. She obviously misses those ancient plants. You can tell by the way she knows what her gift is. But she was able to deal with it like Saeng's next test.
Everything in the story will change. Winter turns to spring, snow melts, geese return, hibiscus sprouts, mulberry also changes and matures, mulberry is like hibiscus, the roadside is out of place, Saeng is out of place in the new country, she must adapt like hibiscus. This plant looks different in the US than in Vietnam because it is mature and grown. That's what Saeng has to do, she has to mature and grow in this new country. For example, Saeng observes that plants look different in shop windows than in her home country. She was watching herself and how different she looked. The reason why this paragraph is placed at the end is to show that she has matured, and it is placed at the end to show that she has grown up. Putting it at the beginning won't have the same effect. Hibiscus plants can withstand the changes of harsh winters. Saeng can do the same, silently vowing to take that exam again when she's as mature as everything around her.
The author ends the story with the paragraph shown for several reasons. First, the writer needs to end the story without leaving any questions in the reader's mind about what happened. This is achieved by incorporating the Goose, Fleur and her Driver test into the final segment. Next, the last paragraph adds a perseverance theme to the story. Finally, through Vietnam's memory, the protagonist is driven to take the driver's test again, and to add to the character by saying that she will "take the test again," she shows reality rather than being overly consistent. These are some of the ways the last paragraph enhances the story.
The writer chose to end the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is starting to adjust to her new home and she won't give up. You can tell from her reaction to seeing the hibiscus plant that she still misses her hometown, but she's also getting used to her new home because of her knowledge of geese and will decide theirs based on when to retake her driving test Migration mode.
The author ends the story with this passage, as it shows that Saeng was not prepared for the test as she was not used to the place, but knew that spring was more of a time to bloom after seeing plants that reminded her of home , she will be ready to be tested.
The reason for ending the story this way is to say that the season of flowers is over and will be postponed until spring, in order to give the author a place where he can end the story and start a new one. Spring is so inconclusive, so the author chose this. A paragraph to end the story.
The author said, "When they came back, Sann silently swore to himself that in the spring, when the snowmelt geese came back and this hibiscus sprouted, then I would try again." to show that Saeng will take the exam again and will not give up. This can be shown by saying "Then I will take this test again". This shows that she has not given up and wants to try again.
The author ends the story with that paragraph as it has nothing to do with the time Saeng failed his driving test. But when she felt her, she was determined to take it over. Ready, sad passage "In spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I'll take this test again."
In the novel "Winter Hibiscus" by He Minfeng. I believe she put it there because it keeps you asking questions. I think because her mom is so disappointed in her, maybe she can change things for the better.
The author concluded by saying, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that until spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." She chose to end this way to show the whole story changes in mood. When she got home, her mother "notice the tears on her daughter's cheeks and puffy eyes". Saeng feels sad and out of place at the beginning of the story, but by the end she feels happy and optimistic.
I think the author uses this paragraph to end the story of Winter Hibiscus for these reasons. The first reason is to show that girls don't give up. She cried in the store, very depressed. However, she knew she had to move on. It shows a determination. Another reason I think the author made it the last paragraph is this. This shows that she is used to her environment. I think the author used her memory of her country and what she now knows about this new country and put them together. This way she can get hope from both sides. For example, in the article it says "Many things that she thought were strange before, have now become... She is almost familiar. This shows that she realizes that she is now used to the arrangement. So she gets There is hope. Also, I think the author did this to bring a positive impact to the story. That's why I think the author wrote it as the last paragraph.
arhuror ends the story with this paragraph to show people that the story in the story or the person in the story has an interest in nature, or likes to write about nature, like what has changed in nature, or that the story might be the best thing about nature in good condition.
The author wrote the last paragraph to give hope to Saeng and the readers. After seeing the hibiscus flower, Saeng remembered her hometown and felt sad, the author wrote: "A sense of loss so deep and strong that now Saeng's eyes swept over her." Saeng bought the flower and Talk to her mom about it at home. The flower reminded her of home, but also inspired her. That's why she says she'll pass the test when the hibiscus buds bloom.
The author ends with this paragraph because it fits a lot of the story and sums it up well. In the story, hibiscus means a lot to Saeng. In the story, she connects many memories with Fleur. It reminds her of her home and her past, so it plays an important role. It was winter when she planted it, and the hibiscus hadn't bloomed yet. So saying she'll take the test again when she's bud is like saying she'll take the test again when she's bud. She acts almost like the flower, again showing its importance. That's why I think the author ends with that paragraph.
The author sums up that section of the story because it says she can have no work in the winter garden, but "when the snow melts and the geese return and the hibiscus sprouts," is a sign of spring. This spring, she'll be taking the exam again; it's simplys that she'll be working in the garden.
The author ends the story like this @CAPS2 The author (Minfeng He) is telling you what to expect in spring. I @CAPS1 The Saeng of this @CAPS2 text silently swears to myself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. That means in spring Fleur will be @CAPS3.
Because she thinks for some reason she'll do better in the spring I don't know @CAPS1 because then she'll be in a better mood and look more like her hometown
The author chose to end this segment of the story because it symbolized the decision of immortality to try again. In nature things repeatative, the seasons change, but eventually they reappear, the geese migrate, but they also come back, the author takes this as a comparsion to immortality to try to license her again. Like immortal winter hibiscus is out. Due to normal circumstances, but in learning to adapt and be inspired by the constant efforts of immortality, even if she fails, as Fleur tries to survive even though it is the place to come out of the cold winter.
I think the writer ended the story with that paragraph because no matter what she said or if she had to get the flower because it reminded her of where she used to live and how it was there so she stared Cry, and the test is not buying flowers, don't cry, in the spring she will grow her own flowers. That's what I think the test is about.
She sees if her plants will survive the winter like the ones at home. That's what happened to her. identical.
Is the beginning of a new life. She has a new new school and a new plant, just as she is connected to this plant, and as it grows, she will grow stronger and more confident. That's when she said that when they came back, when the hibiscus was sprouting, she'd be ready to be tested.
The author ends with this because it shows that she will not give up and that she will give her new country a chance. She finally said that she would be strong as a flower and that she would stay no matter what! She'll be there, there to see it grow back. That's why I think she ended up this way.
In this story we get the background information of a girl who misses her real home so much when we are first introduced to young san who is in the flower shop just looking at flowers and we quickly learn Not only is she looking at flowers, but she is looking at flowers. Pieces of her home and past, she then purchased a hibiscus, a flower native to Vietnam. After finding out she just passed the test, it became even more apparent that buying this flower was a way to deal with @LOCATION1's new situation and take comfort in her past. The reason why the author can end the story with this sentence is because it is about moving forward without sticking to the past, spring saeng will have a new home and find strength in her past, that's what I think the last paragraph is about hint
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng is determined to pass the test. She knows when in spring, when the hibiscus blooms, she will retake the exam. I think she wants to retake the exam because Hibiscus reminds her of her hometown. It made her feel more confident. She thinks she can pass next time. Fleur makes her happy and overwhelmed. She wants to retake the exam. She believes she will do better next time.
I think the author's conclusion matches this story because it shows that if the flower type can bloom in different places and undergo natural variation then she can. For me, flowers are a symbol of encouragement for her to keep trying, the author. No matter if you have to start all over again, do it again. It's only this time that you will know and will learn from past mistakes. Just as a spring blooms it dies in winter, and then comes again in spring. It's a test that immortality can't do, and this year she can get it back next time she goes back.
Guess she means that when winter is over she will prepare again for that winter's exams. I'm guessing it's because they were planted not ready for winter. As she said in her reading: "His mother seemed to know nothing about the cold and was still in the vegetable garden, digging out the last of the onions with a rusty spatula. That's why I don't think they're ready for winter. .
The author ends the story in such a way that the audience feels sympathy and understanding for what Saeng and her family are going through during this difficult time. This makes readers feel sympathy for Saeng because all she can think of to make herself feel better is her hometown and how she was taken away.
He ended the story because he was another opportunity to test.
Summarizing "Winter Hibiscus" The author of this paragraph emphasizes a new life and new opportunities as the protagonist. The passage, spring, symbolizes rebirth and a future setting that begins with another cold, harsh winter. The author takes this to heart and includes more events that reinforce this symbolic meaning. The author has a choice of structure to carry toughts uses. The re-creation, when conveying themes of rebirth, such as "Gesse Returns" and the author's use of the word "Take Test Again", adds importance to the front page. Also, the action of the text "Hibiscus Sprout" @CAPS1 Reborn. During the winter, the plants are dormant and less colorful, but in the spring the plants show about color in the buds by regenerating. The author finally conveys the theme through rebirth at the end of this paragraph.
He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus" tells the story of a girl who just moved to a new country and has a hard time adjusting to the new land and people. But I think the author put this sentence at the end to convince you that never give up, have a fresh start and you will succeed. I believe this because Saeng thought to himself, "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she used to think strange are almost familiar to her after season after season of quiet repetition." This suggests that it has finally found Gaining comfort and confidence, just like a goose adapts to a new area and then returns, the winter hibiscus has given up and will continue to live in the new weather conditions of each season.
She sums things up at the end of her paragraph, she says the whole thing, which means she'll look at it at the end of winter. She will be able to take the exam again in the spring. This is what she wrote
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that she is struggling to adjust to her new environment. Fleur reminded her of her old life and comforted her. So when she takes her exams in the spring, she'll feel better and more comfortable recalling her old life in a new place. In the story, she says she failed the test and then bought a plant that reminded her of her old life. The plant evoked memories of her old life, which helped comfort her. Spring reminded her of her old life, as the flowers in the garden were blooming, the geese returned, and the snow had melted. Saeng felt she could adjust to the new environment by recalling the comforts of her old life.
The author chose this paragraph because it's apt, like a good conclusion, like showing the word again, it means you've done something, it's over, but you missed it, so you repeat Tried what you missed, but in the paragraph it's talking about nature and how they want to test it! ("again")! .
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it still shows saeng's determination to take the exam again and pass this time. By ending the story with paragraphs, the writer is creating suspense, possibly a sequel to another story.
In the short story "Winter Hibiscus", a young girl from Vietnam moves to @LOCATION1 and fails her driver's test. After she decides to spend money to buy a winter hibiscus to remind her hometown, at the end of the film, "Who comes back, the spring snow melts and the wild goose returns, this hibiscus sprouts, then I will test it again. Showing deep feelings for nature. She feels that when we prepare Goose home, when the hibiscus is ready to sprout, she and she will take the driving test again.
She was talking about flowers and victories She said test I think she meant what she looked like and checking the flowers and seeing the snow fall again. It sounds like the author is someone with a lot of flowers, or maybe it's just this hibiscus flower and its mates. Maybe she's just someone who loves seeing change.
I believe the author added this quote to the story to represent determination and @LOCATION1. Although Saeng is not from @LOCATION2, she is determined and willing to try. Adapt to our @CAPS1. While winter has been cold and harsh for her in many ways, spring will bring her forgiveness and relief @CAPS2. She will try to pass her driving test again to further become an American @CAPS1, and the blooming hibiscus brings her @CAPS4 home.
The author roughly summarizes the story with this paragraph showing that Yongsheng has realized her need for self-confidence, and also ends with a good illustration of the story. In addition, the author packs stuff that originated in her new home familiar with immortality, and stuff into the last paragraph. At the beginning of the story, the girl appears disturbed, lost in the country and missing her home greatly. "The wave of loss went deeper and stronger, and that stinging Eternal's eyes swept over her now." But once she got home and told her mother that she had failed her driving test, she seemed to feel better. Near the end of the hibiscus she planted, she saw geese and she felt as if they were "almost familiar". The choice of ends does tie her past (Flour), her present (Goose & Snow) and the drama of the story (Test Fail) into a well-worked passage.
She wants to learn and do more. She likes the way the plants look at the store. Her mother got the plant, went home, and they started growing it. My daughter likes this plant very much. She said next year I would grow a plant as great as her mother's.
I think the writer ended this paragraph in the story to describe how Saeng is growing up now because it looks like she's not leaving with her mom anymore. The author may want to highlight Saeng's reader @CAPS1, she may be leaving now because she is no longer leaving with her mother. What happened is just her past and will be unforgettable for Saeng.
The author ends the story with that passage to show that Saeng will try to adopt. When Saeng smells hibiscus, "The familiar scent fills her lungs, Saeng [she] can almost feel it. The soft voice of grandmother's long gray hair" This @CAPS1, Saeng is looking for something familiar to her, reminding her her home country. The fact that Saeng spent over $19 on a plant also @CAPS1 how much she misses her home country. "dd failed the test paid for by Saeng." @CAPS1 reader as she tried and failed to adjust to her new home. It made her sad and made her nostalgic for what she used to be. At the end of the story, she says "I [she] will postpone the exam again." Seeing the familiar Hibiscus and Goose leave, knowing they will come back, gives Saeng hope. The last time in the story @CAPS1 they @CAPS2 will always remember her homeland
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng won't give up.
With Hibiscus by her side, Saeng will have more courage and more time to adjust to her new home. For Saeng, Hibiscus is like motivation and a reminder to her. her hometown. I think the writer chose to end the story with a special comment to show that Saeng finally found the courage to take on her mission in this foreign land.
The story ends that segment because it tells you that the weather and seasons change as much as they do in your life. Sometimes you have to deal with changes in your life. The test might be to see if she can understand herself. The weather changes all the time, spring and fall, and the rest you just have to get over.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Lotus", the author ends the story with a paragraph. One of the reasons she ends @CAPS1 in the last paragraph is because it tells readers Saeng @CAPS1 didn't give up her driving test. "...Sann silently swore to herself that in spring, when the geese come back and the hibiscus sprouted, I'll take the test again." This explains in more detail when she's taking the test again, because it makes the reader think about the nature of the story. How the rest will develop.
It is believed that the author ends a story with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again". Great way to end it because I think she sees how much Fleur can take and then she can take any major test. And when her mom said "What are you?" "Her mom stared at her in disbelief". Sh probably also understands that if her mother can get over her anger, then she'll be upset about the exam.
This conclusion was written to the end of the story because he wanted people to know that the seasons were changing and the flowers were about to wither. He also wants to let you know that when the seasons change, flowers try to re-integrate with other blooms. This is what the author means when he talks about taking the test again.
The hibiscus flower is seen as a symbol of hope and a reminder of home. When Yongsheng first saw it in the flower shop, she was a memory of the family, how to take over all the flowers and plants to grow free. I believe the author wants Xinhua to represent the chance of immortality and her mother doing the same at @LOCATION1. Planting flowers is a sign of adaptation as they have moved to new land. Immortality seems to be using it as a motivation when, she says, "when this hibiscus blooms, I will take the exam again." This paragraph provides a sense of closure and hope, which is a good note to end on.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it tells you that if you fail the first time, they always fail the second time, like @CAPS1 I die in winter and come back to life in spring.
The author left us a sentence at the end of the story: "Wait until the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, and I will take the test. It is said that the author is because the Saeng girl failed the test, but still found something that reminds her of her home. She Glad but the plant isn't exactly the same as the one at home. But she's used to it. @MONTH1's flower is not the same, but it's @CAPS1's flower and she's used to being at @LOCATION1. When she goes back to take the exam , she will be ready and her plants will be ready. Her plants will be full of life.
I think the author ends the story this way because of Saeng's respect for plants. She sees this plant not only as a simple plant in her home, but also as a symbol of good luck. In the text, she holds the plant at a very high value and pays @NUM1 coins for it, so I think this ending symbolizes Saeng's belief that the best time to take the test is when the hibiscus is growing.
The author includes that text at the end of the story because it symbolically associates Saeng with geese and plants. For saeng, the snow represents her troubles adjusting to @LOCATION1, and the goose shows her who she is, even now when she looks familiar, she is adjusting to her new home. @CAPS1 hibiscus is beautiful, but the new @CAPS2 hibiscus, symbolizing her coming to @LOCATION1, adapting to mre resilience and bearing snow, symbolizing her adapting to @LOCATION1's problems. For saeng, the sprouting of hibiscus represents her becoming stronger and overcoming difficulties. She wanted to wait until she was strong before taking the exam. The author ends the story with this paragraph, connecting the budding of Hibiscus with Saeng overcoming her obstacles.
The author chose to end the story this way because she said it wasn't over and she was going to take the exam again. In the story, Saeng says "I-I didn't pass the test", so she decides to go back and get things done when the flowers bloom again.
I think what the writer is trying to say is that she will take the driving test again in spring when the flowers are in bloom because it will make her feel more relaxed. The flowers put the author in a relaxed state of mind where she can concentrate.
Because she said that when @CAPS1 grows back, she will be @CAPS2 to take the test again.
In He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with the last sentence, because it shows everyone that the season of plant growth is over, but when the flowers start to grow again, she will go back to take care of the plants, because it is Her favorite plants, they are the life she has to take care of right now. And the author might end the story like this to keep people interested in reading more of it later because you get the suspense because you don't know if she's actually going back to the plants or just about them. Another reason I think, the author ended it because it's still snowing and she cares about the plans but she won't worry about them until the right time again. For example, she said, "When they come back, I'll take the test again," which shows that she won't give up anything she loves, and she'll keep working hard until she gets it.
In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", I think the author uses the last paragraph to illustrate that although the memory of her hometown will always be with her, she will soon adapt to her new hometown. And she also visits her hometown from time to time. For example "when the show melts and the geese come back", the last sentence, then I'll take the test again", which means once she settles into the country, she'll go back to her original country. Will still love any of them a way.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, showing that when all of these things happen, the saeng will be retested. Saeng has shown that she will not give up and will keep trying. Hibiscus is the lucky charm she keeps during the exam to try to get her to pass the exam. In addition, the author ends the story with this passage to express Saeng's personal thoughts and how she feels about the test. In spring, snow melts, geese return, hibiscus sprouts, it's time to try again. In conclusion, this paragraph shows that saeng never forgets.
The author ends the story with the last paragraph of the story. When they came back, saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, their me will take that test again.
I guess she thinks it's a good way to unite
In "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends with Sanger saying, "I will take that test again, which means that Sanger will be ready when spring comes and her hibiscus flowers are in full bloom. When Saeng bought her hibiscus, she firmly believed When winter is over and spring is here, she believes that taking the driving test again will make it easier to overcome fear and sadness in a new place. This means that Saeng is able to overcome her fear of the new place. It means that Saeng is able to overcome her fear of the new place. The fear of a new place. Saeng is also sure that the memory of her hometown will help her too. It is finally revealed that Saeng has grown strong and has high hopes to see her success realized in her new homeland.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows his determination. Spring hibiscus is hard to survive because it is winter hibiscus and it has determination.
I believe that the author ends the story with this sentence, as the end of Eternal's preparation to face her obstacles again, also fully shows her apprechiating her new surroundings. The factory was purchased by Immortal and her mother said, "It's strong enough to survive the cold months here" @CAPS1 It told Immortal if the factory could make it through harsh conditions then just maybe you could take it by living in a new country . When Immortal realizes that something has a repeation season in season she must have reliced she can do it and face driving test again.
The author added the last paragraph, "Winter Hibiscus" to the story to show that the protagonist still has hope and has not given up on her new way of life. In the story, protagonist Saeng recalls not-so-distant memories of her hometown in Vietnam, when she recognized a plant from her country. This is important in the story as Saeng is still unhappy about moving to @LOCATION2, she cried on the way home and bought plants for her mother. "A sense of loss that was so deep and powerful stings Saeng's eyes and now sweeps over her." Saeng's mother understands how she feels, and she's not disappointed by her failing driving test. Her mother immediately planted the familiar hibiscus into the garden, making Saeng feel better. The final paragraph of the story gives the reader hope that Saeng won't give up her powers and live a different life in @LOCATION2 that she's not used to. "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." It was as if Saeng was swearing that by then, she would be satisfied with her new life, not just pass the driving test. Winter Hibiscus symbolizes Saeng becoming strong in the new country while still remembering her old life in Vietnam.
Author MinfoNg Ho summed up the story "When they came back, SaeNg silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is budding, I'll be tested again because when the plants start to bloom , she @MONTH1 feels more confident and comfortable. Sometimes you can see how she struggles to adjust to a new environment. I believe hibiscus represents comfort in times of disappointment and is connected to her past experiences. Because hibiscus represents comfort in times of disappointment, was the reason she went out to buy the plant. So when it was spring again and the hibiscus was fully blooming, she took the test again because she would feel more comfortable in her surroundings. That's why author MiNfoNg Ho ended this in his way story.
Past experiences in our lives often affect events in our lives, whether we consciously know it or not. In this story, Saeng tries to go to the flower shop and pass the test of not buying cestain flowers that remind her of her home, but fails. She is trying to overcome the fact that she is not "at home" and that things and people from the past are no longer "at home". But she's used to something new. I think the writer ends the story with what he did to show that you can always change. She's trying to get those things in her head that make her more used to it, and over time she might even do that by next year, because if you really want to do something, it's always possible to do it Yes, and the author is stating that Saeng really wants to pass her own mental test so she can further adapt to the changes and her mom would be so proud of her.
I think that's what she said, hey, I didn't come over, I'll take the test again next year, just like when the snow melts and the hibiscus sprouts and the geese return to @CAPS1 year.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants the reader to know that Saeng will be tested again.
When Saeng said she was going to take the exam next year. What she meant was trying to replant the plants. When Saeng says "Come on, let me help, Mom. That's when you know Saeng does want to help plants after all.
The author chose the last paragraph of the short story, "Winter Hibiscus shows seag's hope for the future. Winter and the cold represent her feeling out of place and upset about not getting her driver's license. In spring, her hometown will bloom and she will again Warm up." When they came back, she would feel ready to take the test again. This shows that she has adapted and accepted her new life away from home and memories. The last paragraph proves that she is strong enough to overcome difficulties and move on
Speaker @MONTH1 ended the story with that paragraph as Goose Returns and Hibiscus Bud @MONTH1 helped boost her confidence. She wanted to feel like she could take the test.
The author begins with "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to herself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back and this hibiscus was sprouting, then I would take the test again. She realized she had one more chance. After the test, when spring came, she began to grow vegetables.
Saeng finds solace in memories of his hometown. When she took that exam, everything was foreign to her, so she failed, but on the way back, something familiar found her. Her native plant. "There, in the late afternoon sun at dusk, there is a blood-red flower," "" "Floating in a barrel." Saeng needed something familiar to comfort himself. So when she sees a goose, it symbolizes change. "Like geese. She looked up and saw their unique V etched." Spring is a new beginning, "snow melts, wild goose returns, and hibiscus sprouts." When a familiar object is at her best, she will be at her best and able to face anything. Winter is the "preparation" stage.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" ended the story with a sentence, "When they come back, Sheng secretly swears that in the spring, when the snow melts and the wild geese return, the hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." She did this because she was not in the exam. Bought flowers when she passed, so when the flowers bloom, she will take the exam again.
I think the author tried two to say weaning, like @MONTH1, two snow melts and they'll come back. The author will be due to write a new book sometime in the spring.
The writer of Winter Hibiscus ended her story with this passage as it is a symbol of saeng's future. Winter hibiscus is a symbol of saeng for many reasons. On the one hand, both the saeng and the factory are from Vietnam, both struggling to survive and thrive in the new world of @ORGANIZATION1. Saeng assures herself that she will also retake her driving test when the plants are thriving in spring. This symbol of the future is very important to the scene of the story, which is why He Mingfen, the author of Winter Hibiscus, chose to end with this important symbol.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with a sentence, "When they come back, saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take it with me to test again. ." The author likely chose this as the last paragraph to help the reader understand the message. The message of this story is, no matter what happens or what challenges you face, never give up, always keep trying. The author wrote the last paragraph to make the reader think and think about its implications.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for a reason. That's because Saeng thinks she failed because she got fake plants instead of real plants. She was disappointed when she brought it home. For example, she said "I failed" when it came to plants. She also compared where she is now with where she used to live. For example, she said "it's not like the one at home". This is why the author concludes this paragraph.
"When they come back, Sonn swears to herself that when spring, when the snow melts, when the geese return, when the hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." @CAPS1 All statements for this story, because she loves being in the garden , and you don't get loud in the garden when it snows. Second, she loves plants and plant-like things etc, that's why the author ends the story at the end of the story, because when spring comes, Saeng buys plants and flowers. In the end, Saeng saw a familiar plant, and later she went to the flower shop to see if she could buy it, and Saeng was very frustrated when they went wrong.
In the text, when Mom says: "Its flowers are not that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here, hibiscus this winter. That's what counts" this sentence shows that Saeng is like a flower . They are strong through the winter, which shows that they are very beautiful and strong in the spring. This underlines that Saeng will emerge stronger and more confident in the spring. So the author put it at the end. It's also reflected in the flowers, how beautiful and strong they are in spring
In He Minfang's short story "Winter Hibiscus", the author adds a paragraph at the end, stating that the protagonist Sang will take the driver's license test again. Ho, including this paragraph to show Saeng's determination to adapt. Saeng is new to the United States, having moved here from Vietnam with her mother. Throughout the story, she reminisces about her family life in Vietnam. About her grandmother, and the flowers there. "Where am I...a hibiscus fence?...Her gentle grandmother?" At the flower shop, Saeng finds a hibiscus flower, which they also have in Vietnam. She saw how it adapted to winter here. As she grows flowers in her backyard, she promises herself that she will pass her driving test next spring. She also wants to fit in with @LOCATION3 and be able to live here without being too homesick. This vow of hers is contained in the last paragraph. The author put it in also to show Saeng, want to adapt to her environment and pass the driving test,
The author ends the story with this paragraph to illustrate the true meaning of Hibiscus. Hibiscus is symbolic to Saeng in several ways, but most importantly it represents change and growth and the ability to overcome obstacles. Seeing it, she was overcome with childhood memories and sentimentality. But if she wants to grow as a person, she has to adjust to her new home. She will survive here, just as hibiscus survives the winter. In addition, Saeng vows that "in the spring," when "this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." She is determined to succeed, and the hibiscus itself represents overcoming obstacles. It represents surviving and enduring life's disappointments and challenges, from failing a driving test to starting a new life in an unfamiliar and unfamiliar country. The author chooses to end the story with this passage, showing Saeng's ultimate understanding of his own power through the symbol of the hibiscus.
I believe the author ends the paragraph this way because he/she wants to present an important message to the audience. The message the author is trying to convey is that even if she fails the exam, she will try next year. An example of this is the exact quote "In the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again". That's why I think the author ends the story this way.
The author has included the story in this paragraph because since Saeng failed her driving test for the first time, when Hibiscus started to sprout, it would represent a change in her life. Also, Saeng used to grow hibiscus flowers in her old home in Vietnam, so when the buds bloom, it can indicate she has a new home.
The author finally said: "When they come back, Sann silently swears to himself that I will take that test again when spring, when the snow melts, when the geese return and when the hibiscus sprouts." The reason for the conclusion is that let It is important for Saeng to feel at home. When the hibiscus buds, it reminds her of home, it comforts her, and when she feels calm and at home, she does better on exams.
The author ends the story with that paragraph to show that she has not abandoned her new home or forgotten her old home. When she brought the flowers home to plant, she showed she wasn't giving up. It also shows that she will not forget her hometown. And when she said, "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again." This shows that she is giving her new home another chance. and did not give up. Another example is when it says: "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she previously thought were strange, after quiet season after season, are now almost familiar to her." Here, She is embracing the changes and giving her new home another chance. She didn't give up.
The author ends the story with that paragraph. She did it because she was going to do the same thing next year. She likes to be with her mother, she likes plants, she likes to play with her mother. Here are some of the reasons why she ends with that paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, as hibiscus provides comfort. @CAPS2 Saeng failed her driving test, new to @LOCATION1, frustrated and missing her real home in Vietnam. Fleur reminded her of her grandmother. "She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as the aroma filled her lungs," she wrote, as Saeng smelled the flower, which reminded her of "combing her grandmother's long gray hair, which she had just washed." Brings her comfort in times of disappointment. @CAPS2 She doesn't have a grandma and flowers comfort her. Despite her disappointment, hibiscus is "exquisite" and when she said @CAPS1 the word "dokor malik" means hibiscus, she "tastes how the word feels on her tongue." @CAPS2 Joy and comfort are flower belts For Saeng, she'll take the test again in spring when the "snow melts and the hibiscus blooms", bringing joy, love, and comfort to readers, making them feel like Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it connects Fleur's idea to Saeng and her situation in a new country. This shows that Saeng is using hibiscus and its ability to adapt to inspiration. In the story, Saeng describes how she always saw Hibiscus at her home in her hometown. Her mother described to her that the hibiscus she bought was a little different from the one she bought at home. But she says that's because it's sturdy and able to adapt to America's cold winter conditions. That's what Saeng was able to use as inspiration. She may not have passed the listening test, but she used Fleur's actions to set a goal for herself. This plant will experience cold, snowy winters, but it will grow and bloom in the spring. Saeng will use this time to study and prepare and she will feel confident about the exam. The passages completed by the author show Saeng's connection to her situation and the situation at the factory.
"If you don't succeed at first, try and try again." Many parents try to encourage their kids or coaches to use this phrase to motivate their time. This sentence also applies to Saeng's situation in the short story "Winter Hibiscus". Saeng failed her driving test, and when she returned home after the test, she noticed a hibiscus flower that reminded her of her hometown. Sadness surrounded her and she purchased this plant to calm her grief. She took it home and was reprimanded by her mother at first, but then thanked her for the purchase. While growing hibiscus, Saeng heard the familiar chirping of Canada geese. "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she used to think were strange have become familiar to her through the quiet repetition of season after season," the text said . adaptations that must be faced. The author ends the story with a paragraph showing that she will adapt to @LOCATION1's terrain and toil like a hibiscus flower. The hibiscus flower inspired her to keep going and try again to get permission as the plant pushes forward in winter.
The author ends the story this way because Saeng finds a comfort in the hibiscus flower. The flower reminded her of her and her grandmother's hometown. According to the story, "The familiar frogs filled her lungs, and Saeng could almost feel the filaments of her grandmother's long gray hair." You could also say she misses home, but she always takes it wherever she goes Take it to heart. The text says, "It's an old friend again, a small shrub with waxy leaves and delicate flowers with purple petals and a white center." She seems very close to nature and all its desirable features. When she failed the test, she bought her "@CAPS1 Malik" flower as a consolation. They both decided to plant it in their gardens, and while doing so, Saeng gained enormous confidence to retake the exam.
She compares passages to stories to compare it to school. Exams are about making new friends and doing well in exams and in class. In the paragraph it says "Then I'll take that test again." That's why she compares that paragraph to school.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to emphasize Saeng's determination to overcome the obstacles she experienced in the past. For example, the story begins with Saeng being "tested", and while reliving her memories in the greenhouse, she begins to break down. "A wave of loss and stories so profound stinged Saeng's eyes and now it's sweeping her." She then bought the plant and took it home to her mother, telling her she "failed." The mother then becomes understanding and helps Saeng re-swear. In "The Test," the narrator emphasizes Sang's determination to overcome the difficulties of the past and move on to the future.
Because her studies were the whole reason she studied flowers in the green garden. It's clear she didn't pass the exam, so when spring starts, she'll retake the exam because the flowers will bloom and she can do more study to pass without having to take the exam again. I have a feeling though that she is also looking forward to a spring day back so she can enjoy the flowers and the gift of growing and learning.
I think the author ended the story with that particular paragraph because she wanted us to see that Saeng didn't give up Saeng was originally from Vietnam, but she moved to America. She misses home so much because everything is different. "It's not true," Saeng murmured. 'I mean, not like the kind we have'. She found herself still shaking too much at home to speak. “But once Saeng finally realized that she was starting to adjust to life in America, she decided to take the driving test again. “When they come back in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again. "
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because she seems comfortable seeing geese in winter and planting hibiscus and preventing it from dying. In the story it says: "...their faint banks are clear and - yes - familiar to Saeng now". I guess that explains how she felt after seeing the geese fly overhead, since she'd seen this before in Vietnam. Also, "when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts", it makes her more confident because she leads her like she is back in Vietnam. All in all, that's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
I think the reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is to let the reader imagine what will happen next once Saeng's spring blossoms. This allows readers to use their imagery to connect the story. Another reason why the author chose to end the story with that paragraph is to give the reader hope that she might pass the test next time. It's also a way to end the story on a good note.
The author ends the story with that particular passage because she will try again like a goose. Just in case she doesn't do everything she wants to do, and the writer wants readers to understand the determination and ambition of the characters in the story. Also shows the reader that the character's character is invincible for a winter, and she'll keep going until she does what she has to do.
The writers of the Winter Hibiscus story likely ended with the passage that Sahn vowed to retake, showing that even in difficult times and new situations, one never gives up and falls into despair, there is always something to comfort someone people. In the story, @CAPS1 gets a glimpse of home in her memory, from which readers can see what a rough day Saeng had. The author is describing these warm, comforting memories to help combat the cold, painful day the girl is going through. "She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The familiar scent filled her lungs." Here, saeng recalls her grandmother's memory, saddened by the thought of her home and her loss. The author builds up Saeng's desperation and unease for the last paragraph. The author makes this the last paragraph because it shows promise. As Saeng said, "Then I'll take another exam." You can feel her hope. Furthermore, the author wanted to express that there is still structure and stability in a changing world and that you can focus on simple things. "The geese have returned, and this hibiscus is sprouting," says Saeng, suggesting that when you think you have nothing, there is something reliable that can give you a sense of security. The author uses the last paragraph to balance the sense of despair in the story, to emphasize the need for hope, and to show that there is always something that can give you hope and security.
The author ends the story for the paragraph because the author wants to finish the last sentence of the story. Also at the end of the segment is when she is imagining and working towards the hibiscus. Thus, her idea was appreciated by plants. The authors want more evidence to support the story. For example, in spring, when the snow melts, it turns yellow, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again. It includes the winter time for the factory. Also, @DATE2 and the spring plant is back, character saeng will take it back and visit it.
The author is angry, it seems he doesn't like it, but he likes flowers, he likes working in Syria, his mom is his, he likes to see him come back with his life because he likes the place.
The author adds this at the end to show how much she cares about plants and that she takes her back to her childhood. An example of what she loves about this plant is that strong fragrance" (He Minfang paragraph), @CAPS1 example "feels smooth and cool" (He Minfang paragraph) An example of a childhood project that she didn't even realize she already knew but forgot. She's back, we can reed (paragraph He Minfang) because these ways think that's why the author added at the end.
I believe the author made this the last thing the reader read, so this will be a message. In the story, the girl has now moved to this new environment and new culture. The only thing she knew was a flower that grew wild where she lived. This little oath to yourself is a message of not giving up. Go ahead, if you open up to new things, who knows what you can experience and learn. So the girl didn't give up. Her plants are like a representation of a new beginning. When her plants start over, so do I. It can also represent her life itself. I say a new beg because in the text it says,
I think the author wrote because maybe she looks like in winter, she can really show people who she is, but when spring comes, she's like a flower that's been dead all winter
The author ends the story with this paragraph because in the previous paragraph they were talking about "winter hibiscus" and geese. So the writer simply writes another closing story, and the reader walks away with a feel-good feeling.
In the story of Winter Furong by He Minfeng it explains the obstacles of immortality going through coming to different countries. In this story Eternal just failed her driving test because she was reminded to come home by passing some tropical flowers. And at the end of the story mentions the geese, "When they come back, the author writes, eternal life swears silently to himself, it's spring, when the snow melts, the geese return and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." Because it will check Her changing and growing hope that only our geese will come back and the hibiscus will turn into a buetiful blossed flower is very important to this part of the story. Also, it explains to every environment that she will not give up, that she will change, just like a factory life has and the goose come back to the changed environment. That part of the story is very important to the reader, @CAPS1 it sums up the idea of immortality and hope for the future tricks into her new enviorment.
The author could have ended the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. I think the author wants to give an interesting fact about what happens to hibiscus when it snows! For example, the authors explain how hibiscus grows and what it needs to grow, such as sunlight, soil and water, and picking up waste there. Maybe the writer thought explaining that when it snows, the process starts all over again, and the writer could have ended the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. I think the author wants to give an interesting fact about what happens to hibiscus when it snows! For example, the authors explain how hibiscus grows and what it needs to grow, such as sunlight, soil, and water for picking there. Maybe the author thinks the whole thing starts when it snows
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng says she failed the exam and will take the exam again when spring comes. The last paragraph reads: "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that until spring, the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." She really didn't tell us what she should take. take an exam.
The reason why I say wait until the spring to take the test is to see if she is still like a bitter gourd on a Big Mac.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, just because this sentence is tested again. She means she has to do the same next year. She will have to adjust to life like Fleur. She also said to do your best because everything in the world is designed to make your life full. So it serves as a good conclusion to the story.
I think the reason the author ends the story this way is because it ends. Also lets you know the story is that they can do more.
The authors concluded that in spring, the snow melts and the flowers return, putting the home at risk of spring. It made her very relaxed. Spring is also a better time because all the flowers are in bloom and that flower reminds her of blessings at home.
Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again. When Saeng knows she will pass the exam, she will wait to take the exam in order to get her license. Saeng wants her driver's license so she can drive wherever she wants. So she doesn't have to ask her mother to take her anywhere she wants, she can go wherever she wants by herself. But she had to wait until the snow melted before taking the test again.
This passage shows that Saeng has a lot of affection for her plants. She loves plants and loves spending time with them. What she means in the last paragraph is that she can't wait for winter to leave so her plants will sprout and she can enjoy her plants.
The author ends the story with this sentence because it ties it all together. I think the author uses . It also means she will pass the exam in the spring. I really like the part where she says "...in the spring, when the snow melts...". I like this because it explains what she wants and how she thinks about it.
The author most likely used this passage to show that she set a goal for the cycle to start over. She uses the goose as a symbol of spring, when she will start preparing for this "test" again. The budding hibiscus flower in this passage shows hope, as it is the beginning of a cycle and the object of recollection in the story. In conclusion, this closing paragraph uses several symbols and devices to convey hope, fond memories and new beginnings.
Will plant some flowers and water the geese back to her pond.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for a number of reasons. One reason is that the author wanted to really show the meaning of the flower. Another reason is to express the subject. For example, at the end of the paragraph, it says "Then I'll take that test again." It connects the small topic of the driving test with the big topic of flowers. Then associate it with the adjusted theme and keep trying until you adjust. The last paragraph is very important to the theme and meaning of the story.
Believe the author with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to herself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting, and then I will take that test again" as she tries to show how the memory of the past Translate into hope and determination. After failing her driving test, San finds Fleur, whose memories of her hometown and grandmother eat away at her. She bought the plant and put it in the vegetable garden. After planting, Saeng saw a flock of Canada geese flying overhead. With memories of his old home and family and adapting to the new environment, Saeng vowed to retake the exam and try again. The author ends the "Winter Hibiscus" story with that paragraph to show that Saeng won't give up.
The author ends with this story to show how Saeng is ready for her new life. As soon as Goose and Fleur came back, she felt like she was at home. When she feels more comfortable, that's when she's ready to take the test again. The text reads "Running Goose Returns". The hibiscus has sprouted, so I will take the test again. Apparently, Goose and Hibiscus remind her of home. Once she feels at home, she will feel at ease. That's why the author ends with this section.
The author ends this paragraph because it restates the main idea of the story and the reader understands the content of the story. That's why the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
The author explained that she failed the test. Although it is still winter, the hibiscus is still struggling to grow, but its lovely hawker is back. As she told her mother "She won't take the exam again until the hibiscus starts to sprout and spring comes back.
Yes, I do think the story ends here because after everything in the story and everything she learned about gardening from her mother, she remembers what her mother said about the hibiscus and its bids. And what she means at the end of this sentence is that when spring comes, she will take that test again. The test will determine if she has learned enough about gardening from her mother in the past.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because I guess her grandma died while the geese were flying. Or that's when the flowers start to bloom.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" includes the last paragraph to convey to readers that she will move on but still remember her old country. Before looking for flowers, the author misses her ancient country terribly. "Really, it's not a real one," Eternal said vaguely, 'I mean like we were-in' the kind she found herself still too shaky to say at home, and at the end she burst into tears . " She misses her family in other countries and is having trouble in the past. The author cannot accept her new country as home. Immortal, the hibiscus evokes memories of her ancient country, which makes it more difficult to move." One of the flowers fell, and I picked it up carefully and smelled it. Eternal could almost feel the gleam of her grandmother's long hair, freshly washed, as she combed it with a fine-toothed buffalo, horn comb. "It took too many memories. She ended up having to do something from home, and she couldn't hold it." She closed her palm gently around it, holding it tight. In other words, at least, she can hold on. "The author now has to remind her of a solid thing about home. This is our first step and finally moving on. Immortality now needs some time to use her new country." Almost reluctantly, she realized, many things, What she had thought strange before had become almost familiar to her now. " Immortal takes a little more time, almost like a hibernation state. She decides that once the hibiscus comes out of hibernation and is ready to bloom, she'll be willing to accept her new country and move on. Eternal decides between failure and spring. The time will be long enough to adjust to her new life. By taking the test, Immortal will move. The author includes this last paragraph so that the reader can infer that Immortal will take the final steps to accept her new country and take the exam by moving on , though she will spend her old country through the winter hibiscus.
The reason why the story includes this part is because at the beginning of the story, the girl failed the exam. So when she told her mom, she saw she was upset about it. So after they planted the plant, she decided to get tested because she knew her mother would think the best. It's there too, because the story begins when she tells her mother that she failed the test. If you turn it off, the person reading it will say, okay, so her mom just let her fail the test and do nothing. Plus, when readers read that a girl failed the test, they'll want to know if she took the test again, and if she did, why.
The author ends the story with an unresolved ending. I mean the author writes to keep readers interested so they will want to read his other books. Also, with this ending, it leaves room for improvement and equality.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng won't give up until he has successfully passed the task given to her by his mother. Saeng failed the test because although she bought a beautiful plant, it was very expensive. "But how could you? All the seeds in this vegetable garden didn't cost that much!" Saeng became very frustrated and realized that she had failed her mother. Saeng also grows winter hibiscus in the ground. "Leaving alone in the garden, Sang dug a hole and carefully put 'Winter Hibiscus' in it." This shows that even if she fails, she will not give up the hibiscus flower because it represents her home. This is very special to her.
The author summarizes the with paragraph because she doesn't do it.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that the character in the story is starting to adjust to her new country. At the beginning of the story, the character "Saeng" feels homesick and doesn't adjust to her new country. She had just finished her driver's license and was on her way home, showing off a hibiscus flower in the flower shop. Hibiscus is special to her because it reminds her of her native Vietnam. For Saeng, hibiscus represents comfort in times of disappointment, a connection to her past experiences and her ability to overcome obstacles. Saeng didn't adjust to this change in her life, and it took a toll on her. The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants to tell the reader that there will always be change and stubbornness in your life, but there will always be something or someone who can help you overcome it. The author makes this point by closing the story with this paragraph and shows the reader that saeng is Seremban as her way of overcoming that when she is ready and adjusted, she will take her driving test again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he is saying that once the winter and spring are over and the hibiscus starts to sprout, then I will start over and try again. The authors say that saeng can't wait until spring so she can grow her own small garden. That's why I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph.
This paragraph represents the actions that Saeng will take over a period of one year. She will build and change in time to retake the exam, which is sort of like rebirth. When the exam comes again, the girl wants to be a whole new person. Her mom seemed troubled by every action or choice her daughter made. The daughter suddenly realizes Fleur's behavior and why it died. "...think quiet repetition season after season." She associates flowers and geese with herself. Throughout the year, flowers go through stages of death and then rebirth. Saeng wants to get better after going through stages like a flower. It's beautiful again.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is because she came back from the driving test on the way home and saw such a beautiful winter hibiscus. Then she went to the store to buy flowers and went home and spent a lot of money, her mother grew vegetables, her mother asked her what it was, so she told the truth, she knew the flowers were expensive and she was angry with her stubbornness, how could she Make it happen - Saeng made a big decision, she's going to that place, even though her mom is pissed, she loves those flowers, I guess because it's still in Vietnam. I think the author put this paragraph because the geese are back and the flowers are growing. She will go to test again, because when she bought it, the flowers have not yet come out. When the flowers come out, she will go again, just to let her know that you see the first Once, wait for it to grow, then you can take the test again. In my opinion, this is a good ending and a good question.
The author ends the story with "When they come back, San silently swears to himself..." as it provides the reader with a conclusion. This passage means that once Saeng adjusts to her new life in a new country, she will try again to talk about her driving test. Once she feels familiar with her surroundings, she will feel at home. Throughout the story, her alienation from Vietnam left her alone. The hibiscus plant first offered her a sense of comfort, "feeling smooth and cool...as she knew it." The last paragraph suggests that Saeng would find more comfort in @LOCATION2 than just a plant and a few geese.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because when "the snow melts and the geese come back", it's more time to plant and work in the garden, because there is snow on the ground, you can't plant, but the geese will come back. The time of year to sow and bad flocks/tie is bigger. The test for her is whether she can achieve better results than last year and the year before.
The author ends his story with that paragraph because of how it should end, and that's why he ends it that way.
The author concludes: "In spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again. She does this to show that now Saeng is adapting and making decisions in her new country, just as she did in her own country. In Vietnam, Saeng used to comb her grandmother's hair, then help her braid it into a bun and put a hibiscus flower in it. It's one of her traditions. Also, when she used to get water from a well , Hibiscus sometimes takes out buckets. So both types of hibiscus are seen as a comfort object, and now that she's in the U.S., she's trying to make the most of it, taking into account the repeats in the states. She noticed the geese Come back in the spring and leave in the winter, the plants start to grow in the spring. She takes the exam again in the spring, symbolizing that she is ready to start the exam, like a hibiscus that is about to bloom. Potted plants in her garden and Saeng moving her both mean Change, but nostalgia for old traditions, and new spaces.
The author put this sentence in the story because she felt it would give her enough time to do the correct test because she loves geese.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show the ultimate determination and strength given by Saeng. It was as if the plant got her back on her feet and passed the test. The plant became an object that reminded her of her hometown. She came back with the plant to show her mother, only to find that she was shaking so much that she couldn't even say the word "at home". It shows how homesick she is. But she was able to realize that this was her new home and everything became more and more familiar to her.
She ended it with this sentence because it was a sign of new life. Just as winter that kills plants ends their lives, spring will start all over again. It's the feeling of immortality as she left the country and left all the memories left she felt like a place in winter hibiscus, but as spring comes, she's here, she'll feel re-people willing and able to take on the challenge "Almost familiar with her present, through the quiet repetition in the changing seasons." She introduced the new changes coming in a new season, according to which she will continue to take the driver to test again.
The author ends this paragraph for several reasons. One is to show that she failed this time, and there will be more opportunities in the future. In addition, it also shows that even if her life is not easy now, good times are still to come. This is a powerful and effective way to end a story for several reasons.
The author uses symbolism to convey different messages. Immortal in the spring, when the snow melts, the goose reports that this hibiscus sprouts, and then I will take the test again. The Hibiscus I used symbolizes immortality and aging like Hibiscus, so she will be ready to take the test again. The author uses symbols to convey more stories.
She wrote this reply to let everyone know that she will be ready, but spring is here. Then she took it and passed.
The author summarizes the story this paragraph, because immortality hopes to start planting again. I know this because of the plantings and centers of immortality around @CAPS1. Immortal and her mother plant what food there. So of all @DATE1 they spend the most time in the garden. Planting crops for sale and preservation. They save for the winter and sell the equiement there to continue whot they do. She talked about being part of the goose section by saying "when they come back". She loves to geese her head and land over the yard when she's outside on beautiful day @CAPS1. When the snow melted, she wanted revenge on the soil on her hands and knees to start planting again. Once the hibiscus starts to sprout everything starts to grow. Immortal live Kww @ DATE1 planted around. The author took this part of the story because it is what Eternal wants to do more than anything else.
At the end of "Winter Hibiscus," Saeng mentions how she'll retake her driving test in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back. Spring is when these events occur along with the annual budding of winter hibiscus. Her family moved to @LOCATION2 from Vietnam and she bought a winter hibiscus plant to remind her of her childhood. When it blooms she will retake her driving test as the body will give her hope of a new start in life and as a citizen of @LOCATION2.
In the short story "Winter Hibiscus", a young girl named San runs away from home. This short story is about girls struggling to adapt to new lifestyles and changes.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants the reader to see that saeng won't stop until she passes her driver's license, just like geese do not stop until wintering in the south. The author tries to show the beauty of trying again and getting through obstacles.
In @CAPS1 Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with a strong ending. The ending is "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will try again". Basically, the author ends the story with this because it shows that she is strong, that she is willing to try and make herself stronger, that she is willing to try again, and that she wants to help herself. Examples of text to demonstrate this are, "Then I will take the Fleur test again", "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many things she thought were strange before had become...", and "There is a tenderness , the slender beauty touched Saeng deeply." All these statements help to demonstrate that the author may have saved such a powerful passage to the end.
The author, in the story "Winter Hibiscus", ends the story with a paragraph to show that Saeng is often tested by her memory. Saeng is "tested" earlier in the story because she's in a flower shop. Memories are like a flood, and she tries to feel the same way her grandmother had been there long ago, and she realizes that the memories are long gone, so she weeps. Wanting to comfort myself, my mother understood and accepted it. Saeng planted hibiscus and finally said, "The snow has melted in spring, and the hibiscus has sprouted. Then I will take the test again." Saeng knew that seeing the flowers again would make her cry, would bring her memories back, and she would be tested again.
In @CAPS1 Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", a girl named Saeng fails her driving test that day and then vows to retake it from the spring. She ended with this sentence, saying that it was a new season and a new beginning of her new life. This archetype is a transition from a harsh winter to a warm spring, suggesting that her mother and Saeng's troubles will improve. Like the hard and hard winter left behind, a new spring begins warmer than they are. Saeng knew this and knew she would pass.
For various reasons, the author ends the story with this paragraph. For example, the whole article talks about how the hibiscus flower provides Saeng with the ability to overcome obstacles and comfort her when she is disappointed. This closing paragraph says, "In spring, when the hibiscus sprouts," all is well and Saeng will be tested again by her. She knew that with the help of the hibiscus plant, she would pass the test. It shows that her hope and trust in passing the test all come from Hibiscus. The plant with "waxy leaves and delicate flowers, purple petals and a white center" will provide her with the strength, determination, courage and willpower to pass the test in the spring.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author's purpose with the following statement, "...then I will take the exam again." This shows that Yongsheng is willing to try to adapt to this new place where she lives, which is what it means , she said: "Test". For example, in her story, "II failed the test," when her mother asked her what happened. She has spent so much money on plant hopping staying at home in her mind. She just can't handle it. She ends with a positive statement, as it just looks forward to her forwarding the news to a bright future in her new home.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with this passage for a number of reasons. She cited examples from the story that could help find these reasons. One reason is that we know she won't give up. In the story, she said, "Then I'll take the test again." It tells us that she will keep trying and is determined to do so. Another reason is that she is trying to tell us that Hibiscus has a future. When she says "...this hibiscus is sprouting", the hibiscus has the opportunity to change and adapt to her surroundings, just as the girl in the story would do. The last reason is that it tells us that she is and will do her best. @CAPS1 tried to adjust to her surroundings when she said "she realized a lot of things that she thought were weird..., now it's almost familiar to her", @CAPS1 now realizes she can. In the story, there are many reasons to suspect that she shyly ended the story with that paragraph. She gave a lot of examples in the story where people got a lot
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" ended the story of determination to pass the test when the winter ended and the flowers sprouted. This shows the correcting and each other's hardships between the plant and the narrator. Winter is a hindrance for the flower, but it will thrive in spring. This gives the author confidence that she too can overcome difficulties and thrive. Another difficulty for her and Fleur @CAPS1 is being "rooted". The author misses her hometown in Vietnam very much. However, they all have to and will adapt to their new environment.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows she misses her home, which affects her driving test. In her home country, where it is warm, she has all her family memories. In the new country, it was cold and snowy, which she was not used to. It said that when all of this happens, she will take the exam again because it feels like her home country and she will be more focused on the exam than what she missed.
At the end of the story "Winter Hibiscus", author He Minfang used that paragraph to show that Sang would not give up, she was determined to pass the driving test, and to a certain extent adapted to her new home. It's a bit like a kind of motivation, "Wait until the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The motivation is flowers, bringing back good memories, making her happy and trusting her. Minfong also ended the story the way he/she said, and by next year Saeng will start all over again. Be happy with her new life instead of dwelling on her past. Saeng said, ".. in spring..." This is the beginning of a new year, a fresh start, and rejoice in it. It's a really good way to end a story because it creates a positive vibe. It lets readers know that Saeng is a strong man who can remember the past but move on to a new day and a new life. And I think the author is trying to point out that everyone should have the power to do the same.
She ends with that paragraph because she wants to prove that she can adapt and survive even if she misses the "Old Center."
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it sounds hopeful. She didn't adjust well to her new home, which left her in despair. Saeng failed her driving test, which only made things worse for her. To make things better, she bought a hibiscus that reminded her of her hometown. She found the plant very comfortable and it helped her through tough times. In the final paragraph, Saeng is looking forward to spring so she can retake the exam and hopes to pass it this time. I think this passage provides a sense of hope, which is how the writers end the story their way.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng won't give up and there is hope. This is also to teach the reader hope and patience, and the knowledge that things take time. Saeng failed the test of not succumbing to the grief and pain of missing his homeland. "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she thought were strange before, after quiet season after season, are now almost familiar to her," she said, suggesting she's adjusting. So with this ending, compared with Dayan, it shows that she is getting stronger and stronger. She will take the test again because she will not give up.
Apparently, from flipping the story Winter @CAPS1, author @CAPS2 this line "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will accept that Test again" as that paragraph is related to the story's title Winter @CAPS1.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because even though Saeng did not do well in the last exam, Saeng will go back and take it again so she can pass. The author is showing Saeng's determination to pass the test and do better next time.
I think the author ends the story with that paragraph because it's removing plants that represent a lot of positive things characters who don't pass the test they really want to pass . Both the characters and the plants show a gritty spirit, and I think the writer is trying to send a message to the reader that never give up on what you want to accomplish. This plant symbolizes perseverance as it survives harsh winters. The protagonist doesn't give up on the test she wants to pass. The author is sending a message, don't give up.
At the end of the story, the author said: "Wait until spring comes back, the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouted, then I will take it." The author finally concluded, because she felt that she did not do her best, because she failed, so she waited for spring to come back When the time comes, she will try again, and hopefully this time she will pass.
The author ends the story with this sentence. Because she wanted to come back for another smell test when the snow melted and the goose came back.
@ORGANIZATION1 is about a girl named Saeng, a teenage girl whose family just moved to the US from Vietnam, Saeng failed his driving test and found this beauty named Hibiscus on the way home Plant, she fell in love with hibiscus. Saeng's mother has a garden and she always uses the plants and vegetables from her garden to grow things for dinner. The authors concluded with a passage saying that the hibiscus plants sprout in the spring where Saeng took the test again. I think Saeng said this because she wanted to see beautiful plants. When she passed the test, she thought seeing Fleur would help her pass the driving test.
I think the writer ended the story with that paragraph because she gave herself hope of passing the exam. The hibiscus has started to sprout and this will give her the strength to retake the exam and hopefully pass it all because winter hibiscus reminds her of home.
The author ends the story with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again", because this passage ends the story. It could be argued that Hibiscus was the reason Saeng wanted to try the test again. If the hibiscus sprouts after the snow melts and the wild goose returns, then she can be strong as the hibiscus and will not give up her test.
The author ends the story with this to show that Sheng will not give up. It's possible to adapt and try to love what's around you. Saeng struggled to get rid of "failed the test II" and couldn't say "at home," which showed her insecurities and loneliness about the new world around her, and said she'll try again in the spring, leaving readers hoping she'll fit in and like it her environment. She went through the expiry of her old life today and compared it to the life she lives now, they have some similarities, because she will try again in the spring, which means she decides to go somewhere new a chance .
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she says "then I'll take the test again" and she believes in flowers. She and the flowers have adapted to the environment there. Both of them are determined to use @CAPS1 in place of @CAPS2. They all overcame obstacles. Maybe she wanted to see what happened in the future. She hopes she's right about flowers, she loves spring.
I actually like the way the writer ends the story with this paragraph. It basically sums up the story and sums it up in a few sentences, leaving you wondering what happened next and if there is a sequel. It's a very good story, and I personally can relate to it in many ways.
The reason the author sums up this type of senerario is simply because the author had a painful experience and/or the situation of this particular author, son you know, but if you get straight to the point, you'll open your eyes and find that it's time to shine you also Rather grab it before you lose it, you only have one day to prove you're worth it to people.
The author ends with this sentence because he shows the girl's trust in herself. It also gave her enough time to prepare for the next test. She also knows that when her flowers start to sprout, she's ready.
Why does the author end the story with this paragraph. Is it possible for him to silently swear to another budding story that he will correct it. A Tale of Spring When They Come Back
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she says that if these things are possible, then she should be able to take the exam and pass it. She's comparing things she knows can't be together. For example, she said that the snow melted in spring, the geese came back, and the hibiscus flower sprouted, so she took over the exam. She means that if her favorite thing overcomes its barriers, then she'll go back to doing the thing that hurts her the most. She didn't know if she got the test, she would try it over and over until she passed it. She doesn't know how to fit in in this story. All she knows is what she has learned in her country. As long as she works harder, maybe she can pass his test.
I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph because she cried when she told her mom she didn't pass the exam, but I think it goes deeper than that. I think she's so homesick that she can't concentrate. She had to cry for something because she didn't want her mother to know she was homesick.
When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again. The author ends the story because her mother doesn't seem to notice the cold, and she's still in the vegetable garden, digging out the last of the onions with a small rusty shovel.
I believe the writer ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Fleur inspired her and gave her a comfort that no one else could try and do. For example, after Saeng failed her driving test, she was disappointed. On the way home, she saw a hibiscus flower and went to the flower shop to buy it. Saeng took a leaflet from the plant, held it tightly, and closed his eyes. This plant reminded her of her beloved real home in Vietnam. The hibiscus tree has become a comfort to Saeng because she has just passed her driving test, even though the plant is different from the one at home. The author ends the story with Saeng saying that she will wait until the hibiscus starts to sprout before taking the exam, which shows that the hibiscus helped her overcome the obstacles in her life and helped her through the difficulties she faced.
What Saeng means at the end of the paragraph is that during the season of these plants, she will be tested again. The test started to like the plot. Love features and characters. There is also a history about these plants.
She asked not to take the test again if Donghirong didn't come back, and she was frustrated that she failed the test. She spends most of her day watching Fleurs, but she's still upset that they're not the real Fleurs at home. Her mother said they were strong enough to survive the winter. When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself in the spring that I will take that test again when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus blooms
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it symbolizes the hope that things will get better. The author ends with hope, because the flower symbolizes the girl, and the girl says if the flower survives the year. So can she. This symbolizes hope, as the girl realizes that it will take her a while to adjust to her new country, but eventually she will. It makes sense because the girl thinks she has to be scary that day, and the line ends the day on a good note. The girl wants her back to her country all day long and misses her grandmother and friends. But this part is the girl's vow to herself that she will survive winter to spring, and when she takes the test again, everything will be fine. The whole story builds on this turning point when Saeng realizes that she'll survive the struggle, just like this flower will survive the winter. Saeng realizes that she needs time to adjust to this strange new country and the new way of life she has to adopt
The author ends the story with this sentence because it shows hope for the future. This quote lets readers know that life is tough right now, but things will get better over time. Saeng may have failed the test, but she's not giving up hope of passing it. She believes she will pass that test in the spring, when the time comes. Saeng may miss her home, but she won't say it will interfere with her future. So the author concludes: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again.
What the author is saying is that the snow is melting and spring is here. I guess they mean flowers, trees and grass are returning to beauty. He also let us know that spring is here and it is no longer winter. That's why she started growing plants in the winter. So a beautiful spring can grow in the spring. This is what I think the author meant. That's why he put it in the paragraph. He should add more to the paragraph, like how plants and things can be so beautiful. He shouldn't have added more details to let us know what this paragraph is talking about.
The author chooses to end the story this way because it effectively connects the different aspects and principles of the story. For example, the phrase includes goose and hibiscus, representing her new home and old home, living in harmony. It also says "...Saeng silently swears to himself...I'll take that test again", which has to do with the determination of the hibiscus flower who persevered through the winter. A lot of wisdom can be gleaned from the symbolic message hidden in the last sentence which means that although the @MONTH1 of the past is behind you, it is in your heart as you face new challenges, if you make up your mind, Those challenges can be conquered.
authar ends the story with their paragraph as it shows Saeng's determination and her overcoming the hurdles of being a newcomer in a country. With all the doubts, saeng came to the conclusion of retaking the exam right after her exam, "Here, let me help you, mom, she proposes" (HO). With her mom comforting her and telling her it's @CAPS1, giving saeng the motivation she needs to help her mom and thinking she can't let one thing get in the way of her life. Support saeng, she will definitely pass the exam next time.
In the novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author He Minfang finally said: "When they came back, Sang En silently swore to himself that when the snow melted and the wild geese returned in the spring, the hibiscus sprouted, then I would take the test again." The show ends her determination to do good in her country and shows that her grandmother's memory helps her strive to be the best in her new country, in her new home. At the beginning of the story, Saeng is in a flower shop and she sees that all the flowers in her hometown grow in Poto. Seeing these flowers brought her memories back to her mind, bringing her both happy and sad memories. Then when she got home, she told her mom that she failed the exam, you can tell from her behavior that she was disappointed, "Failed the exam twice, Saeng didn't dare to look her mom in the eye and ripped off nervously. A leaf, torn to shreds." After a while, she planted flowers in the vegetable garden. The planting of vegetables shows that Sae- ng wants to remember her grandmother and home. Thinking of her grandmother helps her survive better and helps her want to succeed in her new home. The memory of her grandmother makes her sad, but it makes her happy in the distance.
The author ends the story this way with a quote that she will try something again. Many authors end a story differently because it makes the reader want to move on to the next story or the next story, and I did add a twist to the ending. Another reason authors end up this way is because they want you to use your imagination so you can imagine what's going to happen next. Using it works because you know what's going on, and it leaves the reader wondering if she'll fail or succeed next time.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng is willing to try again. Although @MONTH1 won't be coming soon, Saeng wants to try to see all the flowers that remind her of home again without breaking down. She could see that Saeng was letting her down a bit, even though her mother understood. "But how could you? You know how—what happened to us?" Mom felt like she was letting her down when she said that. But then Mrs Panouvong said she was glad Saeng got it, having heard she failed. Saeng senses his mother's disappointment and wants to try again.
The writer probably ended the story with that paragraph because the writer wanted to show that Saeng was a very determined person. The author wants to show the reader that Saeng is a strong character, because throughout the story, she seems very determined to pass the test the first time. But when she fails, the author wants to show that Saeng will not give up hope and she will take the test again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because then you can understand what she is saying and also understand it from the environment she grew up in, for example she says
The author concludes with the sentence "When they come back, Sheng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again" because he is making a point about immigration. The author's point is that when immigrants come to @CAPS1, they are told to forget where they came from. The word test in the story means getting used to @LOCATION1 and forgetting her hometown. Saeng said these words because she failed the exam and bought something that reminded her of her hometown. In conclusion, the author describes how immigrants are treated and told to forget who they are because they are now at @LOCATION1.
In the story "Winter @CAPS1", the author tries to say that Saeng came from somewhere, where he is now. In the text it says: "It was like walking into another world, so he was there thinking, no one knew him but him and him.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows signs of hope and the knowledge that spring will come again. For the sake of the family, everything will be fine. Also for them. Spring is here and girls will make friends too.
In "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng takes her driving test but fails. She wants to try again in the spring. I think she said that at the end of the story because in the spring the hibiscus plants she and her mom had planted would grow and bloom and the geese would come back and it made her feel at home. This way she will feel comfortable and be able to take and pass the exam because it will remind her of being at home.
At the end of the story, they say she will retake the exam in the spring, when the geese fly back from winter. What they say is that when Dayan comes back in the spring, she will start all over again, so she will start again, a new year, a new time to study, time for the big test and study. Regrouped from the last test she took and failed the test, she'll get a fresh start and a new chance to do something again. Mom couldn't believe it when she learned that she failed the exam. Mom told her that it's okay, you can take over again in the new season,
The author ends the story with this paragraph as she wonders what it will be like when this happens. Sang said, "When they come back, she silently swears to herself that I will take the test again in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus blooms."
The writer of the story ends the text with this paragraph, on a good note, and expressing hope for the future. First, throughout the story, Saeng feels lonely and depressed because she misses her home in Vietnam. With all this depression, Saeng sees Winter Hibiscus, which reminds her of childhood memories. She has a little hope for adapting to a new environment and a new life. This flower represents light and hope for the future. Next, it shows the grit factor in Saeng's story of failing his driving test and feeling unfinished when he returns home. When she says she will retake the exam in spring when the hibiscus blooms, it shows her perseverance and never giving up. Finally, the author ends that paragraph on a good note, showing a positive outlook on life. No matter where you come from, with love and perseverance, you can overcome any obstacle. Whether it's your school, exams, or family, with a little effort and belief, you can achieve it.
The author ends the story with a paragraph. "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, the snow melted, the snow melted, and the geese returned. When this hibiscus blooms, then I will take the test again." Get used to the changes in the new country and do it. When she said, "The geese are back," their faint whistling and flying overhead were familiar to her from season to season. Also, when the hibiscus sprouts, because it reminds her of her home in Vietnam, seeing the flowers and hearing the sounds of these geese will give her the confidence and encouragement to retake her driving test.
I silently swear to myself about Saeng's details because she has a hard time making new friends. She likes to grow things around her because she feels that plants are her friends, and Saeng has a shovel to finish the planting for her mom, which makes Saeng feel good. about herself.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" decided to end the story with this paragraph, because it was a new beginning for Sheng. Yan Sang moved, but failed the test. Winter Fleur comforts her from the memory of where she once lived. It gave her hope that it wouldn't be as good in winter as it was in spring. Spring is also a time of new beginnings, because in winter everything dies and spring comes back to life. saeng felt that she would take the exam as a fresh start. From my personal experience, I always do spring cleaning because I want to start over. Spring is also full of fresh air and has inspired me to do good deeds. This may be the reason why saeng wants to take the exam in the spring. So the writers of Winter Hibiscus decided to end the story with that paragraph because they wanted to show how much saeng wanted a fresh start.
Authors sometimes end a story with a paragraph describing an action that happens in the future. In the story of "Winter Hibiscus", the author finally said: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will accept that test. "again. " One reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is to help show that things will change in the spring. For example, in the story the girl says "I didn't pass the test." Pass her saying this and talk about how she took her driving test in the spring She can change in failure. She can be better so that this time she will pass. Also, "'Winter Hibiscus' is in the ground now, and @CAPS1 tamped the soil around it. " This sentence helps to show that the hibiscus is now being planted, but in the spring it will change color and bloom. Finally, the author ends the story with a paragraph like this to help show possible changes in the future."
Author He Minfang ends the story with this passage for a number of reasons. "The budding hibiscus" symbolizes her comfort. When moving to @LOCATION1, she can't take all her friends, but she can bring memories. The flower reminded her of home, a relief after she failed her driving test. In addition, "the wild goose" symbolizes a new beginning. After being away for so long, the returning geese ushered in a time to restart after a cold winter. Finally ";,.then I will take that test again." @CAPS1 should never give up. Even though she had a hard time adjusting to a new country, she made the @CAPS2 food that her friends tried, like Big @CAPS3. Therefore, He Minfang ends with a paragraph to show comfort, a new beginning, and never give up.
The author wanted to write the last paragraph because they wanted the reader to be interested in the story. Another reason she/@CAPS1 put it in the story; @CAPS2/@CAPS3 It lets readers know that plants never give up.
The author ends with "Spring returns to spring, snow returns to wild geese, hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again" as the end, expressing her encouragement to the memory. her home country. For example, in the story, she realizes that many things are similar to those in her hometown. As the seasons passed, she found similarities. Spring reminds saeng of her home, so she will be motivated to take the exam again when it arrives. Finally, the author cites this quote to show how her memory of her hometown was inspired.
The author ends the story with the protagonist vowing to take the driving test again to symbolize the progress. "Saeng feels a shock of being recognized, so strong it's almost visceral." A clumsy man stumbles to a flower shop, and the protagonist sees a flower that reminds her of her native Vietnam. "Come, let me help, Mom." In the task of planting the seeds she bought for her mother, she began to mature. Looking back on her past memories, after calming down, nothing could stop her from moving on. "I'll take that test again when they come back." When she saw the geese migrate south for the winter in av formation, she set a goal for herself and used it as a tool to help herself in her new country Grow and move forward. The protagonist in "Winter Hibiscus" swears to symbolize moving forward.
It shows that in this moment of doubt, she will overcome. In the story, the plant shows hope, and in doing so, gives her hope. All the memories that came back made her sad at first, but gave her hope in the end.
I think the author ended the story with that sentence just because maybe he was trying to send some kind of message to people and get their attention and the author could have ended the story with that sentence too because maybe he just felt he needed that Do, maybe he has no particular reason to do so.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" used "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to herself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, she will be tested again." "Because it sympathizes with Saeng's overcoming Her ability to grieve and give the test a chance. It symbolizes when she says "when the goose returns and hibiscus" after failing the test. Instead of thinking about retaking the test herself, she wishes she could go back to her hometown instead of What to think. But like a goose back in spring, she said she would retake the exam. She's like a geese as they overcome and adapt to cold bad weather, fly elsewhere and return when it's warm, just like her , she'll have to wait until she's ready and more confident to take the second exam. Fleur's buds symbolize her strength and determination to pass the exam a second time, as Fleur will survive the cold months just like her, @CAPS1 Spring blooms, so she has to weather the weather to pass in the spring. That's why the author thinks there are passages in the story that show she didn't give up and will take the exam again, an A will definitely pass
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that the narrator wants to retake the exam and is waiting for a better time. It shows that she has the perseverance and will not give up to pass this test. She realized that life came and went in a hurry. she needs to appreciate it
The author concludes the final paragraph of the "Winter Hibiscus" story by saying that the narrator "Saeng" did not give up on her driving test
At the end of the story, Dong Furong, the author's epilogue summarizes all aspects of the story. Saeng is determined to return to the driving test and start a new beginning. The author expresses hope for Saeng with these closing remarks in the paragraph and shows her determination to pass the driving test. The author connects the objects into a story that represents this determination and new beginnings. For example, Hibiscus is a reminder of her glorious home, spring is the time she chooses because it is a new beginning, and the return of the geese shows her and her determination to be new and better.
Author minFong @CAPS1 ends the story with this paragraph to evoke hope in the reader for the characters in the story. The most important lesson anyone can learn in life is to never lose hope because as long as you work hard, things will get better. Although Saeng was saddened by failing his driving test and deeply missed his hometown, with the end of the story and this segment, the principle of "never giving up is important" is hoped and practiced through the character's oath. The principal developed the idea that no matter the circumstances, people can overcome difficult times in their lives. All in all, as the closing paragraph contributes to the overall theme of the whole story, it evokes hope in the mind of the reader. It's important to never give up and always have hope, especially when life gets tough.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it sounds better, and when the author puts this paragraph at the beginning, it makes the story sound a little better. If the author hadn't put that ending paragraph at the end of the story, then if the author hadn't put that ending paragraph at the end of the story, then the story might not have been as interesting, and it wouldn't have been a good story. At the same time the author wants the reader to understand the ending or beginning of the story at the same time. For example, if the story doesn't have a good ending, no one will want to read a little bit, so it's a good thing the writer put a good ending stable ending paragraph at the end of the story. I think ic is a really good paragraph at the end of the story. It really seemed to fit the story, and I could understand it better because of the ending paragraph. It's just the perfect ending to this story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph as he tries to explain to us that this plant brings good luck. The snow will melt, the geese will return, and the hibiscus plants will begin to sprout. It starts over, a new beginning. Since she failed her driving test, she will start over in the spring. All in all, that's why I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph.
Why the writer ends the story with this paragraph, it's almost as if Saeng will start all over again when the factory restarts in the spring. The story suggests that's what this means, as Saeng has had a really tough winter and has a hard time adjusting to all the new things, but in the spring, she can start over like Hibiscus.
The author included this passage in this story for a number of reasons. One of the reasons is because the story begins with Saeng's frustration with failing his driving test. Then started talking about Fleur and how it reminded her of her hometown and all the good memories she's been through. It all has to do with this paragraph because Saeng won't be back in the test again until something that makes her happy and confident, Hibiscus starts to sprout. That passage is relevant to every point of the story from start to finish.
I think the writer sums this up in the story because when they come back the character feels like she'll be ready to take that test again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to emphasize the theme of life changing difficult to adapt to. Saeng has moved to @LOCATION1 and is eager to return home. The flowers in the greenhouse remind her of where she grew up and her grandmother. "A sense of loss that was so deep and strong, stinging Saeng's eyes, swept over her now." Saeng couldn't help but cry and look at the flowers. She told her mom she didn't pass the exam, but in the final paragraph, she swore to herself that by the spring she would. The author is giving us an insight into Saeng's character. We now know that even though Saeng has a hard time letting go of what she knows and loves, she will have the strength to succeed in a new world. ?
The author ends the story with this paragraph, telling us that her days with nature are not over, because when it comes back, she will continue to do what she has been doing, growing her plants, caring for them, adjusting them into a good night dinner and keep doing it until she stops doing it.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because the author shows how she feels more comfortable with her hometown. Winter hibiscus is related to her new home, but when winter passes and new hibiscus arrives, they are related to her new home. The hibiscus flowers in her hometown gave her a cozy feeling. So when she feels that comfort again, she will bravely go to the exam. The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that Saeng still doesn't like the change and wants to go back to her hometown
The author includes this paragraph because Saeng is starting over in a new country. In this country, she misses her hometown, and hibiscus reminds her of that. Saeng failed the exam, the flowers failed in winter, but bloomed again in spring. When the hibiscus blooms, Saeng will "bloom" and try the test again. Moving can be difficult, especially in very unfamiliar places. People find ways to commit themselves and remind them of where they came from.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she made a mistake this spring, like buying more than @MONEY1 ($) of plants and disappointing her mother. So she thought that when spring came, she could take another chance and try her best to make it right, this time. That's why she won't let her mother down.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she says that the flower helped her move and kept her in her hometown, and when the goose returns and the flower starts to turn red, she'll know she can pass that test. She feels bad about failing the exam, but no matter how many times you fail, sooner or later you will pass. When spring comes, she will surely feel comfortable taking the exam again.
I believe the writer ended the story "Winter @CAPS1" with a passage she hinted that Saeng won't give up. By letting the audience know that Saeng is very sad about failing the exam, but will take the exam again, it can be deduced that Saeng is a determined person. I believe that the last paragraph is meant to convey a sense that Saeng is steadfast despite all the difficulties.
In @CAPS1 Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author begins with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting. , and then I will attend again. That test ''because Hibiscus represents hope and adaptation. Saeng is trying to adjust to the new changes in her life, but nothing has come out. Home, lest she burst into tears again." @CAPS2, Hibiscus made her life easier, Because it reminds her of her hometown, @CAPS3 it gives her hope, "Look how ingrained it is, poor thing,'" Roots stands for San in her new country. Reluctance to try anything, scared , but when Saeng and her mother planted Hibiscus, Saeng realized that by planting it, she would try to bloom in @LOCATION1 and spring when Hibiscus and Saeng were ready to love her new life, she would start trying to embrace life.
Mingfong Ho ends the story with that paragraph because it shows how far Saeng has come and her determination to persevere. The narrator says: "She looked up and watched their distinctive V etched in the evening sky, slowly facing into the distance" (Ho @NUM1). This is when Saeng recovers from crying, and even though she misses her hometown, she wants to fit in and succeed where she is now. The narrator also said, "She still found herself shaking too much at home to speak, lest she burst into tears again" (Ho @NUM1). Far from home makes Saeng very ??? (not clear)
The authors end the story with this paragraph because they think plants will bring them luck or something. Saeng felt that the plants gave her some kind of comfort.
I believe the writer ends the story with this paragraph because in the story the writer says "through the quiet repetition of season after season" which means seasons will come and seasons will go but she will always be there, ready to "take" take an exam"
The author probably wants to say that the seasons change in spring, the geese return, and the test will be taken again when the hibiscus germinates.
The authors concluded that failing an exam is not the worst thing. She knows that times are changing and you can always get a chance, which explains in the last paragraph that once the hibiscus sprouts, she will take the exam again.
In her words in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again. To say she wouldn't run away like that.
The author ends the story with this paragraph @CAPS1 A short sentence says a lot about her. Like "do the test again", she's willing to do it all over again @CAPS1, she loves it and wants to do it. And when she says "in the spring; when the snow melts and the snowflakes come back, this hibicous is budding", don't forget all the things she just listed when you come back. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
This story about believing in yourself and never giving up is a story about perseverance. Saeng truly believed she could pass the driver's license test, and while she was disappointed with the results, she found a way to cope with the loss. That hibiscus flower meant a lot to her because she could relate it to her homeland and it was a beautiful thing. Something she needed in such an ugly time. Adapting to a new country in a short period of time is always difficult. I know what it's like when a little thing goes wrong. You can catch it and it will feel worse than it actually is. You feel helpless and alone, like the hibiscus flower by the highway in the photo. Saeng vows to wait until her hibiscus blooms in spring to take her driving test I think the hibiscus really symbolizes Saeng as a person.
There are many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph, Saeng is disappointed that she failed her driving test. After going to buy a plant, she found solace in nature. Saeng must have felt that when the goose was gone and the hibiscus had not yet started to sprout, she should not have taken the driving test. She was relieved by the return of the goose and the budding of the hibiscus. It means that nature is comforting her. The author ends it this way because it shows that Saeng is no longer disappointed by failure. She knew that when the geese returned next year and the hibiscus flowers began to sprout, she would have another chance. With the comfort of nature, she feels she can pass the exam next year.
The author ends the story with this paragraph or quote to get the reader thinking at the end of the reading. For example, it now lets readers know that when winter is over, the person will continue to grow plants.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Lotus", I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows her determination. Saeng had problems adjusting and adjusting to the changes of his new life. We see an example, when Saeng came home with her flowers, "she found she was still too shivering at home to speak, lest she burst into tears again." We saw that Saeng bought this flower Flowers because it makes her feel safe. It's something from home and she feels familiar and I believe that's why she included the story in this paragraph because next year she'll have a sense of security and familiarity when she's taking the exam because her experience will happen again .
The author ends this paragraph to show that Saeng will not give up. She also ended up telling people that they should not give up and should keep trying. Even if they have to take a break to study or rethink plans.
When they come back, saeng swears by herseif in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I'll take that test again. In the story the author put a paragraph in his story to show what this girl is trying to improve her grades.
He ends the paragraph with this sentence, because he means that he would rather take the exam when he is good at it. That's why I think the author ends it with this sentence.
At the end of the short story "Winter Hibiscus", He Minfeng wrote a rather inspirational conclusion: "When they come back in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back, and this hibiscus germinates, I will accept that test." Again. " I think the line was added to create a sense of hope for the future, which contrasts so strongly with the repressive nature of the story, creating a happy ending. Throughout the piece, Saeng is frustrated, She had to leave her hometown, losing her childhood and beloved grandmother in such a hurry, "Blink, switch, boat into the middle of the night, and it's all gone. As Saeng recounts in more detail. The sense of sadness in the story also fuels Sanger's cries as she recalls her tragic past. I'm all in the greenhouse, reminiscing about her grandmother, like when she said: "Saeng You can almost feel the light strands of her grandmother's grey hair, and Saeng will help to tie it into a bun and then stuff a dok Malik bud inside.", in the garden, as she talks to her mother and grows flowers. In experiencing After these griefs, the author succeeds in giving people hope for the future with a hopeful ending.
She said Clone Spring I would take the test again because she knew that if she passed the test again her mother would be disappointed in her because she didn't try hard enough or they might never come close again. The mother believes she has been failing the exam simply because of her past experience or influence on her new country. And the ability to overcome obstacles finally I think she is comforted by memory or her hometown.
The author ends the story with this sentence for one main reason. That's because it shows that girls have hope. In a story, one of the best qualities a character can have is hope, because it keeps the reader interested and helps give the story good morale. That's why the author ends the story with this sentence.
The author of this story story created the last paragraph in order to end the story with a great ending. The fact of never giving up, trying again and again. The author said, "I'll take the test again." In the story, Saeng says "I didn't pass the test," but now she's not giving up. The last paragraph is meaningful and necessary to make the story complete. So just as everyone else didn't give up in @LOCATION1, Saeng is doing the same and retaking the exam.
The author started with "When they came back, Saeng said to himself silently, in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take that test again", because he wants to express to the readers, She is willing to make up her mind to accomplish what she failed. Because she failed the test the first time, she wanted to overcome failure and succeed, so the author wanted her to look determined in the end.
The writer ends the story with that paragraph because it makes the story longer and gives it a good ending, but I don't know what that means, so the writer should explain what it means instead of me.
This plant is important to Saeng because it comes from her hometown. Saeng said she will take her driving test again when her plants bloom. This plant has a deep understanding of her home and where she came from. This plant is a form of trust for Saeng. Saeng has gone through craft time and this plant is close to her because it comes from her hometown.
I believe the author ends the story with that paragraph to create a sense of wonder. I think it's because if you put the word "test" in context, it can mean a lot of things. For example, it might mean overcoming the sad ordeal of her situation. It could also mean the test of adjusting to your new home when spring arrives. That's why I think the writer is trying to create a wonderful feeling in the last paragraph.
He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus" is about overcoming adversity. She ends the story by writing "When they come back [the geese] then I'll take that test @NUM1). The protagonist Saeng got into trouble at school and saw all kinds of flowers from her hometown on the way home." Saeng Feeling such a strong cognitive shock, almost @NUM2) seeing those flowers, the hibiscus, reminded her of what she had lost and offered comfort in the face of the memory. Winter hibiscus survives even if it is not on the land it belongs to. Her mother said: "Its flowers are not that pretty, but it's strong enough. That's @NUM3). After listening to Saeng, she decided she could be strong too and try to be her best in school. She will be like a hibiscus in winter Same fit.
She said that was because she was more interested in flowers than exams.
I believe the author ends this paragraph because it shows the end of one thing and the beginning of another. After she gets upset and thinks of home, she realizes that something new is happening and she needs to accept it. So in spring she will start a new life like a flower.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because he wants to point out that the character doesn't want to rush to do what she wants, rather than taking shortcuts.
It shows the importance of Hibiscus to Saeng and her dedication to flowers. It also said she would wait to appreciate the flower again next spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph as she is explaining her thoughts and why she took that test. She explained that next year she will find out if this feels like home to her.
As the author ends the narrative with when they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in the spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, I'll be put to the test again, proving the ability to overcome obstacles and find that in times of disappointment Feeling comforted, and her connection to past experiences. First, it demonstrates the ability to overcome obstacles because they are obstacles in everyone's life and you have no choice to overcome them because they are infinite. So the hibiscus flower represents the obstacle, and the weather represents the time, because the weather is preventing the flower from blooming and blooming. Second, it also represents finding comfort in times of disappointment, because when you get over obstacles, you find that disappointment lingers there. Yet she knew that Fleur would come back, she knew that the obstacle would come back. In the end, it asserts her connection to her past experiences as she is trapped in a world she is unfamiliar with that will make her an alien. She captures the feeling of being out of place because you can think of the Rift Flower as she is because she's eccentric and unlike everyone else in her environment, she's trying to fit into her own way of life and trying to survive in the world, like The same as when she was in her own country.
The writer ends the story with this passage because it represents saeng's determination and her current situation. She has just arrived in a new country and has not yet adapted to this new country. She was as disappointed as "The Tomahawk of the Afternoon Starlight". "War" shows that saeng is very upset. After meeting that flower, she thought of her hometown and her hometown. She felt that life was full of hope again. She knew that she should adjust herself in the new environment, and she was still shivering at home and could not speak. At last she burst into tears again. She misses people in her hometown very much, and "snow" symbolizes her current predicament. But she believes she can overcome difficulties and life is full of hope. "Spring" symbolizes hope for a new life, and San thinks things will get better. In the spring, she will succeed in the spring, and she has the determination to succeed, so the author used that paragraph at the end to symbolize hope.
The author added this because she felt that Saeng failed the test and maybe she should be given another chance because she worked so hard before. When Saeng said "It's nothing. I bought it for over nineteen dollars." It upset her mom because she spent a lot of money on a plant just to make her feel at home again because she's back home There is one. Ultimately, her mom said, "It's a beautiful plant," which made her feel better because she felt bad about the way she was treating her daughter. After all, all that Saeng had to go through is the reason the author added the last paragraph to the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, the author is saying that Saeng won't give up until she passes that test, she keeps trying until she dies. The author mentions the story again.
The author came to this conclusion so that every year when the snow melts and the goose returns, she will have to take care of the plants again. This is clear, since taking the exam is a major responsibility, so is taking care of the plant, i.e. taking the exam again. That's what the closing sentence is for.
Because gardening and waste is @CAPS1's hobby. Without it, she cannot think or create clearly. So waiting there until they come back will make her happier and she will be able to do her job.
There are many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph. One is because she said she will take the exam again when everything gets back to normal. Second, because if it's not back to what she wants, there's not much to say. For example, if you're building a house and a snowstorm comes, you stop and you say you won't continue until there's good weather again. All in all, the author ends the story with this passage for a number of reasons.
He Minfeng, the author of "Winter Hibiscus", ended the story in this way, showing the theme of restarting. Her mother added to the theme of starting over by saying. "Its flowers aren't that pretty, but it's strong enough to get it through the winter. That's what counts." Her words were a metaphor for families starting anew in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1 @MONTH1 not so pretty, But it will survive, which is important. Her words calmed the daughters' concerns about starting mining. Also, the budding hibiscus can be considered a symbol of rebirth as it dies and grows with the seasons. This family is dying for the @CAPS1 family and @CAPS2 for the @CAPS3 family. However, even if they "die" as the @CAPS1 family, that doesn't mean they have lost their legacy, which is why the author ends up talking about a flower that is both @CAPS1 and @CAPS3 like Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng will hold on through the winter and struggle to adjust to her new way of life. Moving to a new country/culture is tough, Saeng sucks, but she hasn't given up on creating a new life at @LOCATION1. The conclusion: "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will give it a try", which is a kind of determination and hope. Saeng has struggled to adjust to her unfamiliarity with her hometown and the whole story of memory gives a sense of security. This quote wraps her emotions and shows how strong she is @CAPS1 could easily give up their driving test but she won't. It's a happy ending for a somewhat sad story. Further sentences show that Saeng's dwoton is her plant. When the hibiscus blooms in spring, the hibiscus will survive, and the Saeng will survive, and so will the Saeng. She will do her best to adapt and enjoy her new life. That plant will remind her of Vietnam, help her through, and we'll give her a companion throughout the winter. The author would not have chosen a better conclusion for this story. The conclusion is a new hope for persistence and success. As a result, the reader develops a pleasant and good feeling for the story. This conclusion shows the message of how Saeng is adapting to the changes and wants to enjoy her new life at @LOCATION1.
The story is about a girl who walks home after failing her driving test and becomes frustrated with the "home" she no longer lives in. After she broke down, bought the factory, learned to really accept the fact that she no longer lived in Vietnam, accepted the fact that she failed her driving test, she realized she had to learn to love it. She also learned that her time would come when she would one day drive. The author ends the story with this paragraph because that's where the story ends. This is where people realize important things.
In the story of "Winter Lotus", author He Minfang ends the story with a statement that Saeng swears silently to himself. Saeng said she will take another test on the driver's test. Seeing geese flying in a "V" shape and seeing hibiscus flowers made Saeng nostalgic for his hometown. Saeng misses his home country. The author hopes it makes @CAPS1 look like Saeng is starting to feel at home again. Hibiscus is just a symbol of Saeng, tell her she will be @CAPS2.K, she can miss Vietnam but also have a new life, so Saeng will take her driver to test again in spring with a new attitude and will pass the test.
The author uses this paragraph to create imagination. The author wants you to get images of the story. She also used that passage to express her emotions.
The author ends the story with a paragraph telling you when Saeng is going to take the exam again and be reunited with the plant again. This is a conclusion paragraph that provides insight into what will happen in the future, which is why the author added this paragraph.
The author compares it with "when they come back, Sang Momo swears that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." Since the plant reminds her of home, she will feel more confident taking the exam when it sprouts. When she looked at the petals, it said, "She gently put her palms on the petals and held them tightly. That, at least she can hold on." This shows that she is really homesick and has nothing to give her Confidence. This flower is the confidence she needs to feel at home and even pass her driving test. Saeng feels out of place in her new environment. The flower hibiscus gave her motivation. This gave her the opportunity to connect with a part of her old home in her new home. "And that tangy sweetness -- that's familiar too," Saeng thought. This shows that the flower is a sentimental thing that she needs. Therefore, the author ends with that paragraph to show the importance of a comparison and flower to her adaptation.
In "Winter Hibiscus," He Minfang ended how she showed signs of hope. When the world starts over, Saeng will start all over again. Spring is when animals emerge from their winter dens, when trees bloom, and when snow melts. This is an era of renewal. Saeng " silently swears to herself to try again in spring. Saeng roasts the hibiscus in honor of her hometown and knows when it's ready to come back from the base to try again. Hibiscus is done by coming out of the bud and blooming These actions. Ho ended her story, hoping for a new beginning. Saeng vowed: "Then I'll take the test again. " In the choice of the word 'try again' portrays her new attitude. She wants to try again, her test."
to show how absent she is without them by her side. You see this when @ORGANIZATION1 says "when they come back". When she said "Goose is back, this hibiscus is sprouting". Shows how she feels without them, and how she feels when they come back, and how she'll pick up where she left off, as she says "and then I'll take that test again".
I think He Minfang's writing is good enough. Throughout the story, you feel a little happy, a little sad, but always calm. When they talk about all the plants, you'll be happy when her mom bought them. At first, when you thought mom would yell at her for buying that, after she failed the test. You feel sorry for her but still emotionally calm, indicating that the girl wants to give up, but take her time.
I @CAPS1 I @CAPS1 The author said at the end of the story that she will take the test again, showing us that this time she will pass and she will not feel the same way she did when she did not pass. It tells us "in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting" because that's when she's going to take her exams.
Saeng silently swears to herself and her mother. Saeng decided to tell her mom what she did, "she didn't pass the exam" maybe her mom wasn't happy with her, but then she spoke to her again. Saeng mather asks her about the plants she carries with her. Saeng said she bought the plants through @MONEY1. She was heartbroken because she failed the test and it might have made her feel better when she bought the plant. I think the writer probably ended the story with this paragraph because it gave her some kind of hope that she might well pass the test. When she said "then I'll take the test again" @CAPS1 made her decide to take the test again, which could be a plant.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the author wants to show the reader that Saeng wants to pass her driver's license test. The reason for asking readers to show how Saeng is doing after winter. For example, in the story, Saeng doesn't have a driver's license and is sad about it. The next example is that when she discovered the process, she knew she would do it again. It showed that the flower helped her feel better and showed that she would do it again. The first example shows her sadness about failing the exam. Finally, the author put this sentence in the story to show that the reader tat Saeng will pass the diver license exam later.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with mulberry, saying: "When they come back in spring. When the snowmelt geese return, the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again." The author chose to end the story in this way, in order to Give it a positive ending. The rest of the story is sad because saeng missed her home in Vietnam. "It—it's not true. I mean, it's not like we used to—in—she found she was still too shaking at home to speak, lest she burst into tears again. Not like The ones we used to." The message at the end is that even if things are different, she won't give up trying to live a good life in America, and don't let that change affect her
The author ends the story with this paragraph because he wants us to know that when "Hibiscus sprouts" she will regain her confidence and take another place in her driving test. He didn't want us to be with the girl who watched the geese fly into the distance. The girl is very sad about failing the exam, which saddens the reader. To the delight of his readers, he ends the story this way. "The wild goose has returned, and the hibiscus has sprouted", reminding Sang of home, so the author regained his confidence at the end of the story and made the readers feel happy.
The author ends the story with this, as she is determined to succeed at @LOCATION1. She misses her hometown and everything there: the garden, her grandparents, and so on. For example, when she walks into a flower shop, she smells the flowers as if she were back home. Then she smelled a flower that reminded her of her grandmother's "long gray hair, freshly washed..." But she said in her last words that she would take the exam again next winter when the hibiscus blooms, She failed again.
The author begins with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." Because the girl is willing to try again, no matter what . Not give up. The girl is upset because she doesn't have the real flowers her mother has. "This—it's not true," Saeng grumbled, "I mean, not like the kind we've encountered—" She was frustrated, afraid that her mother would be mad at her, so she started shaking. "I know," her mother said quietly. "I have seen this kind of flower blooming by the lake, the author is just explaining that the girl will try it next time.
The author ends the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with that paragraph, because he wants to tell the reader that the life will not give up. Having moved from Vietnam with her family, Saeng has a hard time adjusting to the changes. Saeng really misses her hometown and the flowers she sees @CAPS1 live. She explained that hibiscus flowers in winter are not the same as in Vietnam, so she planted this @CAPS1 type of flower and decided to wait until spring to take her driving test. This shows that saeng wants to bury her difficulties in @LOCATION2 and think about them again in spring when the weather and atmosphere are good. She was not reconciled, but she didn't want to wait until later to endure difficulties. That's why the author ends this paragraph.
I thank him for using it because she wants to buy another next year and see what it's like for her to love something so much and start babysitting it, which is why I think the narrator uses that phrase for his last.
The author closes the story with the paragraph she did, as it shows how Saeng has adapted to the changes she has gone through at @LOCATION1. Winter Hibiscus helped her @CAPS1 to fail her driving test, so Saeng thought it would bring her luck and she took it again. Fleur will survive too, and it will grow even more as she works toward her goals. Once the flower blooms, it will symbolize strength and help Saeng overcome this obstacle. Her mother said the flower was not as pretty, but would survive. She means @LOCATION1 @MONTH1 is not as good as Vietnam but Saeng will stay strong.
Author @CAPS1 The purpose of the end is to show how Seremban gives Saeng a good sense of comfort, by comparison :- She is at the beginning of the story. It's like she doesn't have any confidence. And now she's forced to call this unfamiliar place home, which leaves her @CAPS2 empty, until she sees a very familiar face that reminds her of her happiest days. Having something special to her Around All can make @CAPS3 feel at home, or as before, she finds her comfort in hibiscus. So now that it's resting in her garden, growing through all the seasons, she'll think of her old home and how good it feels, except now with new memories.
@PERSON1 Go to the top of the mountain, then go over the hill.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several different reasons. The author wanted to use meaning to show that the budding of the hibiscus plant would have a symbolic meaning. "Instead, she stared at the hibiscus plant and nervously ripped off a leaf and ripped it to shreds," Ho said, indicating meaning because now is the point in time when Saeng must overcome the unfavorable situation and the plant is already dead symbolically. expresses the meaning of plants. At another point in the story, Saeng realizes that the seasons have more meaning, Ho says, "through the quiet repetition of season after season, which she is now almost familiar with," she realizes that when spring comes, the plants will stay healthy and sprout, She will be able to succeed and somehow become like a new person.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because he or she feels that the audience should know how saeng feels. The end of the paragraph shows that Saeng continues to work hard to re-grow her flowers every spring, suggesting that Saeng has a lot of potential to make her vows a success.
This story is about overcoming adversity and disappointment, and accepting and adapting to what life throws at people, so it’s fitting that the story ends with a purpose and a firm attitude. Throughout the reading, Saeng seeks solace in the things she is most familiar with, such as the smell of flowers and bitter gourd. She felt pain and disappointment, and those were the only things that calmed her down. It's these things that save her the courage she needs to retake her driver's license test in the spring, so it seems fitting that she ends the story by mentioning the hibiscus flower. The last paragraph also shows that Saeng is adjusting well to her new country. She said, "When they come back...in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back..." At first, the call of the geese was foreign to her, but now she has accepted their call as a normal the sound of. That means she's learning to accept her new country, which is the perfect way to end the story.
The author ends the story this way because she can't see hibiscus flowers in winter. She is used to seeing her beautiful plants in the garden outside. In the end, the author ends the story this way, because in winter, she can't see her plants.
In the story, Saeng struggles to adjust to her new home. I think the writer put it in the story to show that she didn't give up. She will continue to work hard to adjust to her new home. Saeng wants to fit in, but she misses her hometown too much. That's why she's waiting until spring to try again.
The author ends the story with this like, leaving readers guessing. She means she's determined to live up to her past and live through it. This paragraph leaves readers wondering if she passed it the following year. He describes the melting of the snow and the return of the geese as change, which is exactly what she hopes to achieve. The author tries to show how she changes and grows like her plants.
The author used "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring that when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will test it again." She wrote, because when her flowers begin to sprout, she will Able to be tested because she is like a flower. The author uses this conclusion because when the flower is about to sprout and the geese come back, she will think she is home. So I think the author used this conclusion: "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again."
In Dong Furong, the girl Sang fails her driver's license test, then bumps into Dong Furong and touches her memories. The author retries when the geese return and the hibiscus buds to show comfort and familiarity as the end of the story. When the speaker says "almost reluctantly she realizes that many things she previously thought were strange have become" the example shows that she has lost touch with the authenticity of nature, which is what she passed the test. The author gives the reader a sense of impatience, because she waits for winter to find out, and it is too late, the geese are gone, the flowers are closed, and spring is here, they will open their hearts to new opportunities, and she will Familiarity around.
I think she ended up with this statement because she didn't know if she would pass, but she didn't give up on the test and would try to pass it again when her flowers grew back. Now she's feeling bad, and the plants help her cheer up, so when she sees plants next year, she wants to take the test. Plants are like signs of good luck. I think she ends with this paragraph because it makes you think about not giving up when the going gets tough, just keep trying.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several reasons. One reason is that readers can imagine what the rest of the story would be like if it continued. For example, the author said, "Then I will take the test again." Another reason is to give readers one last good image to change their perception of the story. For example, when the author says "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting". That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story this way because when the snow melts, the plants sprout, and the geese come back, she'll be tested again. It's a way for her to really think about it when she does it again. When they return, she will also take the test again.
In the story, Saeng silently swears to himself: "When the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus blooms, she will take the test again. For some reason, I think this is the affine idea of Saeng's swearing.
The writers of Winter Hibiscus may have chosen to end the story this way, because then it ends with a sense of hope. Also, it shows how Saeng adapts to her environment like a hibiscus in winter. In the penultimate paragraph, Saeng hears the noose of the geese, noting that their sounds have become familiar to her over time, and Saeng may have vowed to retake the test when the geese return, as time will She grows and adapts to more. That's when the hibiscus will sprout, showing that it overcame the hurdle and adopted it successfully. If Hibiscus can adapt, so can Saeng. She can look to plants for inspiration. This sense of hope for Saeng and her future lives on in the last paragraph, which is why the story ends here.
The author concludes the story by saying that because of the changing seasons, plants are likely not to grow in winter. So you take your lessons and take them as they are, and then wait until the next time you learn basically the same lessons, when the right time comes.
I think the story of "Winter Hibiscus" is well written, and the author added a paragraph at the end, because the main point is to work hard, so at the end he mentions "I want to take the test again"" so that you will not fall, you will work hard Work, then get back up and try again.
The author ends the story with this paragraph so that he can tell the overall meaning of the story. Also, the author summarizes this passage as it may be the moral of the story and gives you points or certain events in the story that you didn't know about.
The story is somewhat sad. The girl misses her country. She was also sad because she failed her driving test. I think the author ends the story with the girl saying she will take the test again to show that even if she is sad about her country and failure, she will not give up. Failing the test, especially the driving test is terrible. You're happy to have it, but you don't. So the author tries to show that despite the grief the girls are not giving up. The girl will keep trying until she finally passes. Also, the writer may want to leave a more positive note, you generally don't want to make a story sad without a solution. So she said she would try again. There are many reasons why the author ends up her way, but the above is more obvious.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the story ends with this sentence, indicating that Saeng has a purpose. First of all, she has to adapt to this new land. Because she said that when they came back in the spring, she would not give up and try to adapt to the new life. This also shows that she has precision. She will continue to work hard to get a driver's license, because she said: "When they come back in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again." . " She said she would try again. Also, it took advantage of her will have the courage to keep trying instead of giving up.
Saeng is waiting for spring before she can take the exam again. I think she was busy in the spring because when she saw the geese flying into the au shape, when she saw the plants growing but the snow hadn't melted yet. She's starting to be self-righteous about it, but she might want to take the spring exam. If she can pass again, because she doesn't like taking the test over and over again. When your test is over and everyone gets something different.
In Minfong Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", the protagonist Saeng moved to @LOCATION1 from Vietnam with his family and just returned home from his driver's license test. For Saeng, her failure to pass her driver's license test showed her inability to adjust to her family's new lifestyle. Therefore, she felt that she had let her mother and herself down. On the way home, she bought a fragrance that her family also bought in Vietnam to try to comfort her mother. When her mother started planting a winter hibiscus flower, she felt her mother had forgiven her for failing her driving test. Then she realized she had adapted to her circumstances, just as she believed in her flowers, which prompted her to commit to taking her driving test again in the spring. By ending the story with Saeng's promise, author Minfong ensures that the last thing readers remember about the story is that Saeng didn't give up. She promised herself that she would try again, adapting to her surroundings rather than adapting like everyone else around her. Her commitment showed courage and perseverance.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she didn't give up, she will take the exam again and stelent will grow again on @DATE1.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because saeng says she is learning to adjust to the country. Earlier in the story, she said she failed the test because she didn't impress her mom. Saeng and her mom are used to life in Vietnam, and they're trying to adjust. Saeng thinks the hibiscus she got is the same as her family. In the end she realized that if she had faith, everything would be @CAPS1, like home. She said in the spring, because her hibiscus will be fully grown by then, she will be tested again to see if the hibiscus is what her mother thought she would get. Saeng is learning to adjust to her new country, the United States.
The author ends that paragraph because it expresses and continues the theme of persistence and adapting to change. The conclusion mentions "testing" again. It can be concluded from the reading that the test the author refers to is Saeng's confrontation with the memory of home without feeling the loss of collapse. Saeng said earlier in the story that she "failed the test" and broke down in tears after seeing all the familiar plants in the house. Closing with this paragraph saying that she will be taking the exam again shows that Saeng will continue to work hard to adjust to her new home and feel at peace here, rather than feeling the great loss of her old home. It shows the theme of persistence as she will be taking the exam again and trying to get over the feeling of sadness.
The girl is determined to win. She didn't take the flower test, but she didn't pass, and she went back sadly. Her grandmother said they didn't look like real wine.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author begins with "When they came back, Sang silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that exam again. " At the beginning of the story, she was not very confident, she failed the test. But this flower gave her hope, so the next time she takes a test, she'll be better prepared.
The author will end this post as he did because it sounds good to help him put all his ideas together. For example, one said: "She silently swore to herself that she would retake that exam when the spring snow melted.
I think the author ends the story with this sentence because every winter all or most of the plants die, and in the spring one has to start growing the plant all over again.
The authors end the story this way because they are trying to show that Saeng will be committed to hibiscus gardening and that once she proves herself, she will pass the test. It also shows her hope that by planting their national flower, her legacy becomes an important part of her life
The author ends the story with this sentence because it shows Saeng's determination to pass the driving test. For example, in the story "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng said to forget her destiny after failing the driving test, she said "plant now", she said this because she tried to forget her failure and focus on the positive things, in short , which is why the author ends with this sentence, and an example of how determined and focused Saeng is to pass the driving test.
The authors end the story their way because it leaves hope. Saeng hod was hurt and disappointed, but in the end she showed hope in the story of Saeng's failed driving test. She was disappointed. Finally made it clear that she would not quit in this new country. She will move on and make the most of what she has.
I think the author ends this paragraph because she is determined to take and pass the test. The first reaction is that she failed this year and wants to pass next year. Next, she compared the hibiscus flower to her passing and failing tests. This is how the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, as Saeng will try to keep her next plant. She said the reason she will take the test again is because she sold the plant to someone. Saeng sowed this plant as a child, which is why she is so attached to it. In conclusion, the author ends the story with this paragraph, as Saeng will try to keep her next plant.
The author concludes the last paragraph by indicating that after a while you can come back and try again. Alternatively, Saeng may be different when the weather changes. Maybe she is connecting with this plant. The flowers will be stronger in spring. She thinks that when the geese come back and the hibiscus flowers sprout, she will be able to pass the second test. It also shows how she sees nature, because if not, why should she wait until spring and when the snow melts. The conclusion of the story is that she does love nature because she talks about hibiscus.
In: Minfong Ho's story "Winter Hibiscus", a girl named Saeng is trying to adjust to @LOCATION1 from Vietnam. She was sad and missed her home, especially after failing her driver's test. She passed a store and recognized a plant in her home. She bought it and took it home in a pot. She said thinking about home and all the good memories she shared with plants. Then her mother came and shared the moment with her. Saeng feels better now. The author added in the last sentence "saeng silently swears to herself that in the spring when the snow melts... this hibiscus is sprouting, then I will take that test again." (Ho, ??) Flowers gave her to society Confident, she wants to take the exam again. This shows her connection to home and flowers. She wanted to get over her grief and planned not to have her memory, but her pain.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the author chooses to end the story her way to show that the comfort provided by Hibiscus keeps Saeng going. The greenhouse provided her with a place to vent her family ailments, and "in the warm and humid sanctuary of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and cried." Then, when she got home, she was again confronted with how she failed the exam. Reality. I think when she failed the test, it made her feel like she didn't think she was adjusting to her new home. But when the author's Yan Fei closes the story, it shows how the experience has grown Saeng. "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that I would take the test again in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus blooms." I think the author wants to show through the events in the story that she Being able to get over the feeling of a new home.
I think the author ends the story with this sentence because to me it sounds like a fresh start for herself in the spring. She talks about the snow disappearing when the hibiscus flowers start to sprout, and the spring when she will retake her exams. To me, this seems to be when the hibiscus is "resurrected". It has a second chance, and she deserves one too. When it lights up again, things start to look good again, and things start to look good, she'll be happy to take the test again. She was nice with the way I ended up. You just have to read it and try to understand what she's actually saying. So actually she said that once everything "brings back to life," she feels like she'll get through it next time. Now she can get ready.
There are many reasons why the author ends the story with that paragraph. One reason is that she loves hibiscus flowers, and when she reappears, you can tell "when she walked up to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal lightly." Another reason was that they were beautiful. You can tell when she says "it's like stepping into another world". The last reason is that she loves their gifts. You can tell when she says "giant flat leaves, wispy wisps of tenants, ferns and leaves, and viruses of all colors and shapes seem to grow in random abundance. As you can see, that's what the author ends the paragraph with. s reason.
The writer of the story was smart to end it by saying that she will be taking the exam again in the spring, when everything blooms. The girl just failed her driving test, and she doesn't want to take it right away. The blooming of the hibiscus flower symbolizes her old life in her hometown and a new beginning when it blooms. This will give her the confidence to pass her driving test and get him excited for the new year. "Spring is when the snow melts, and the geese return." In this sentence, when the snow disappears, the goose goes home, just like she wants to go home, you are at home. The author ends the story of this girl, Saeng, with hope and motivation to do what she wants to do. That's why it's wise to end this story the way they end it.
The hibiscus that the author tells the audience is a beautiful flower, and the hibiscus flower in the story is a memory of a young girl who failed an exam and knew she was depressed because she failed the exam. This flower helps to encourage a grieving girl during her most tragic event and shows how a small flower can bring comfort to a girl. Girl Saeng vows to prove it as she overcomes her sad memories. She'll be able to prove she'll pass, and after she's comfortable with the situation she's trying to ruin her life, she'll have to come to a different country where you have the @PERCENT1 abilities, it's logical that the girl's fit won't come right away. In other words, the author's message is to inspire those who are having problems in their lives and not give up on life. Instead, you should keep trying until you get it. In conclusion, hard work and @CAPS1 giving up are part of our lives, overcoming failure is up to us
In the story @CAPS1 ends the story with the sentence "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again." I think He ended it that way because she had come to terms with the fact that she failed or failed, but was willing to try again to achieve her goals and "take the test again." She's also making promises, or vows to herself, and won't give up on her goals.
The author ends the story with his paragraphs as they all go there to gather things about how things are going and how the seasons change. Like they won't let go, but they know they'll be back soon. That's why writers combine stories with paragraphs.
The author expresses hope for the future in her closing paragraph, finding solace in the hibiscus, even though Saeng simply fails his driving test and adjusts to the new atmosphere. "It felt smooth, cool, with a touch of velvet in the middle - like she knew it." This said, after previous disappointments, the memory of "an old friend" could lift her spirits, and it was clear that Saeng was in her There was discomfort in the environment, something her mother noticed when she got home. "She stopped when she noticed the tear stains on her daughter's cheeks and puffy eyes." Her daughter wasn't adjusting to her new vibe, even though she spent a lot of money on a flower she understood. With all the negativity of the whole story, Saeng sees geese and grows her "winter" hibiscus, and she realizes that what used to be foreign to her now becomes familiar. Saeng finally has memories of home and realizes that her goals can be achieved and that life can settle down outside of home. She illustrates from failure to success.
The author summarizes the story in a paragraph. She didn't want Saeng to swear to herself that the whole room was what she looked like when she took the test herself.
She means now ryt, not the right time to go to tst, she means she has to wait until spring, when we bloom before taking the exam, @CAPS1 she's too distracted, she can't take it now, the timing is wrong. So she said she would wait until the right time to take the test.
Saeng will take the test in spring when it is not too cold. She likes the smell of hibiscus when it sprouts. Their good smell reminded her of her hometown. Saeng loves fried melon and it leaves a golden aftertaste on your tongue. She would put it on a Big Mac.
That's many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author includes the last paragraph because Hibiscus shows Saeng "being comfortable when she's not." When Fleur buds, she may feel more comfortable because she misses her hometown, and Fleur reminds her that she failed the test the first time because she was comfortable in a new place. But when spring comes, she will be more confident and at ease because the hibiscus is sprouting.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because earlier in the story, saeng talks about how she failed the exam and she wants to retake it. So, Saeng announced that next year, when the wild goose returns and the hibiscus flower sprouts, she will take the test again.
The writer concludes this paragraph to show saeng that she will wait for them to grow up and she will try again. Fleur means a lot to her and she will keep trying because she doesn't want her mother to disappoint her again. Examples of saeng being ashamed "Her mother stared at her in disbelief. But how can you?" Saeng didn't want to disappoint herself or her mother. 'saeng silently swears to herself' says she will pass and respect nature and elders' promises
In He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the story with this passage: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese came back, this hibiscus was sprouting, I'll take the test again," the @CAPS1 author sums up the story this way because it's a little suspenseful. In the story, @CAPS2 is upset about failing her driving test, she just moved to the US from Vietnam, so she's a little homesick. She saw a familiar plant, so she bought it for $19 because it cheered her up? ? ? Remind yourself like a Vietnamese plant. By ending the story like this, you know that Saeng didn't give up and she will try again to pass the driver's license test. But what you don't know is the end result of her passing or not, so it's a cliffhanger. That's why the author ends the story this way.
Saeng is a victim of the tragic loss of a family and a victim of going into a completely different world. This paragraph symbolizes a new page, a fresh start. "Snowmelt" and "Hibiscus Bid" both symbolize new life. Saeng will have a outlook on life and accept her situation to make the most of it. Also, the author says that "the winter hibiscus is now underground" because it does compare with Sang's newly discovered outlook on life. Like that flower, the seeds of hope were planted in Saeng, and now she is ready to bloom.
In @ORGANIZATION1's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author is very sentimental about the hibiscus plant because it reminds him of her home. The author ends the story with this sentence because it gives her a purpose. She failed her job search once, but she @MONTH1 believes Fleur is lucky, so she sets a goal of when to try working again. When she saw the plant, she had fond memories. All in all, certain things can trigger your memories, but it is the good memories that make things in life worth waiting and looking forward to.
The author ends the story this way for several reasons. First, it showed that she was starting to like this new life. It's also an open ending. This suggests she likes her new life for several reasons. "She realised that many of the things she used to think were strange are now...almost familiar" and that's when she started seeing that her new life at @LOCATION1 wasn't so bad. It's about the goose, which she brought up when she vowed to take the test. It also shows that the hibiscus she just planted is already important to her. The second thing it does is dream the conclusion of the future. The reader doesn't know if she will pass the test next time, but because of the way she swears, she will assume she will. That's why the authors end the story their way. Show how she's feeling in her new life and leave opportunities for people to draw conclusions.
I think the author summed up the story of her failing driving test, so they added that she was going to take over it. Maybe after the snow melts and the geese return, the plant will bring her good luck, or it will bring her good luck with a fresh start. She will also be fine when she finds the plants.
The author ends the paragraph with this one because she wants to try again. The author said that the hibiscus she planted on @DATE1 didn't work and she is trying again with a hibiscus plant on @DATE1. If she succeeds in the spring, she will pass the exam. That's why the author ends this paragraph.
He concluded that by the spring, he would take the test again. This will give her another chance to pass it. This will give her another chance to do the right thing.
She's taking the exam for @CAPS1, she feels like she needs to take the exam, she @CAPS2 When the snow melts and the geese come back, that means she wants to take the exam in the spring.
A quote from author @CAPS1 in "Winter Hibiscus" is "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again". Thinking home's memory will help her take the exam. She used to use geese and plants to remind her of her home, which made her feel comfortable
Just as hibiscus blooms in winter, saeng wants to do the same. Saeng failed the exam, which made her feel unsuccessful. Saeng wants to win, she wants to persevere, and the hard times she's going through make her sad. When Saeng says "I- I didn't pass the test", it shows Saeng's disappointment because she didn't expect, because she is a fighter, so the author ends the passage with saeng "When they come back, in the spring, when The snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." Showing how much Saeng is a fighter is because she is determined to work hard under difficult conditions.
The author puts this paragraph at the end because it shows that the saeng is looking for new life. She now has something to take her through the upcoming year
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", I believe she ends the story in such a way that even if Saeng fails the test, she will try again someday, symbolized by the return of the geese. Saeng is sad because she misses her hometown and she sees plants that evoke memories, so she buys a winter hibiscus to comfort her and remind her of home.
The author concludes the story with paragraphs because she loves her garden. She summed it up because the story was about that time and their garden, and finally it got cold and left them with nothing to do until spring. It shows that they have strong feelings for what they do, as it says "In spring, when the snow falls and the geese come back, this hibiscus is budding", she heard she wanted to overcome difficulties and prove she could take care of her garden.
At this point she vowed to retake the exam because flowers always come and go, but her grades will only show up in her studies. Instead, she would rather do her studies in the garden.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Winter Hibiscus gave her some hope. Plus, because her mother understood that she failed the exam. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with optimism and hope for the future. She ended with "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, I'll take the test again. By ending the story this way, it has Helped to show the hope that the hibiscus plant gave her after she failed her driving test. Hibiscus helped Saeng get one step closer to adjusting to her new home. The story says she almost reluctantly realized that many of the things she had previously thought strange The things that, through season after season, are now almost familiar to her." The way the writer ends the story helps provide inspiration for new beginnings and new seasons.
In Minfong Ho's story @ORGANIZATION1, a girl named Saeng tries to adjust to a new country, but it's almost impossible. She was stressed about failing her driving test, the state, but it was and she realized that nothing was the same. Except for one thing she quickly recognized. A plant called "Winter Hibiscus". It reminded her of her old life in Vietnam. It helped her through tough times and she didn't want to give up anything. That's why Minfong Ho said at the end of the last paragraph that Saeng would retry the driving test when the hibiscus buds. The flower gave her an idea of her hometown in Vietnam and made her try again and again. Also, the writer ends the story in such a way to state a theme. This particular theme is, "No matter how tough things are, you can get through them. You just have to find a way that works best for you."
The author goes back to that paragraph because in the story, Saeng is sorry she doesn't have @CAPS1 to test. Now saeng wants to make amends, she swears to herself she will @CAPS1 that test. For example, when I say to myself that I'm going to get a mission done, I'll do everything I can to get it done, and when the going gets tough, I'm not going to give up, @CAPS3, this last sentence is the main idea of the story, to make up for that Test and @CAPS1 it, in order to accomplish what needs to be done
The author includes the story in this paragraph because it's still talking about saeng, which is more like her, and she has a mind like a butterfly, which is trapped in this opening of Saeng and her mom and burst out, But me and saeng are a tennage girl and we are related to the same thing.
In He Minfang's novel "Winter Hibiscus", I think the closing paragraph is to show that Saeng didn't give up. "When they come back...I'll take that test again," she said, talking about Fleur and Goose. Something that reminds her of home. When the reminder to go home comes and gives her strength, she will be able to take the exam. This shows that even if she fails, she will not give up, she will try again. I think that's the purpose of that paragraph. Showing that Saeng didn't give up.
The author ends the story this way because he is telling the reader that when the snow clears, the author will start planting more plants. The test is to make sure his plants don't die during the next @DATE1.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus" by @CAPS1 Ho. The author said that Saeng was happy when she was around the plants, and she found peace in the plants because it evoked childhood memories. For example "That rich sweetness, that's the familiar ton." She loves how it makes her feel. When one of the leaves fell off and she breathed, it reminded her of her grandmother. @CAPS1 may have experienced something like this. @CAPS1 probably wrote this because the story might be about someone else who moved from another country and there's something to bring back memories. Every time I touch or smell a sweater, it brings back memories of my grandmother. I think he wrote this because of his personal experience, it may be relevant to others
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to show how some people silently swear because they don't want to express themselves. It could also be because they're not even very confused about themselves. One day, I was just like that and I didn't want to talk to anyone. All I want to do is sit in my room and think. Think about my life, I will go when I die. I'm just sitting in the dark room wondering if I'll come back in another body or if my soul will roam the earth. But think about how I started thinking I was a kid and I got a great head. When I get to where I need to think about it, I will. So I started talking to everyone again
The author ends the story by saying this because the author wants you to feel that the characters in the book are certain. The actor is trying to make a statement, say pass and try again. The character didn't give up, and she would pass the test the night before, albeit tough.
The author is talking about gardening and how she hopes to get better in the spring. She probably thinks she's bad at gardening because her mom is really good at gardening and she wants to be that good.
The reason is to make you feel how Saeng feels about gardening. She is praying for spring to come so she can start over. She loves watching plants grow and become edible. This is how the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with that paragraph to express determination and hope. Goose and hibiscus symbolize the determination to live, because they will always come back no matter what. Saeng will come back for the exam, just like the goose will come back. Hibiscus also symbolizes her as it also faces adversity. It has taken new steps with new homes, like saeng, and will have a harsh winter in the near future. Still, it always finds a way to come back and bloom in the spring, which is what saeng hopes to do with his driver's license. The author has added the last paragraph to show the symbolism between saeng, goose and hibiscus. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because he's basically trying to say that everything happens for a reason, and that reason could mean four seasons. She @MONTH1 thinks she will be better in spring exams just because everything blooms in spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that she can overcome these obstacles even if she moves from her hometown. It also shows that she is more confident, which is why the writer ends her story with that paragraph.
"When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself in the spring. When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." I think the author uses this sentence to summarize the story as his life happened What, he will take the test again. But in the story it talks. One of the flowers fell and Saeng carefully picked it up and smelled it so I thought they would take care of the garden there and try to make it live in winter. So here's my take on the last paragraph "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself in the spring. When the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, I'll take the test again."
The author ends the story with that, because that paragraph basically sums up the whole story. "The snow melts, the wild goose returns", which basically goes back to the beginning of the story, when lettuce began to be planted. That's why the author gives the conclusion of the end of the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several reasons. First, exams are important to Saeng so that she can prove to herself that she can pass the exams. Closing this paragraph also leaves the reader with some suspense as to whether Saeng will pass or even take the exam again. Finally, this passage shows Saeng's character traits. It shows that she is persistent, strong-willed, and strong-willed.
In "Winter Hibiscus" at the end of the story, the author writes: "When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take it to test again. ." The author says this because she wants to tell readers to get up and do it again, if it doesn't hurt to fall once, try again. When Spring and the birds are not flying south, she promises to take a driving test. After failing her driving test, Saeng bought a flower at a flower shop, which reminded her of Vietnam. She took it home and put it in the garden. Telling her mom she failed, Saeng's mom understands and tells her maybe next time. Finally, the author writes the last paragraph as a moral, never give up, keep working hard until you achieve your life goals.
The author ends the story this way so she can keep everyone curious. I believe she ended up this way to let us know she'll be back, and when she does, she'll be ready for everything, including that test. She makes us wonder because when she does come back, she'll want to read about what happened when she came back and what happened to her @CAPS1 test. She swears only to herself and no one else, because if she does, if she fails, she will let them down. That's why she ends the story this way.
The author ends the story with this because she says she will take the exam again next year. She was talking about how she wanted to be around while the plants were growing. She most wanted to see Hibiscus grow up. Because she appreciates and loves nature so much, she wants to be around again and watch them grow.
The author ends the story with a final paragraph to show how sentimental and important plants are to Saeng. When winter is over, she will take the exam again because the weather is too cold for the beautiful hibiscus to survive. You need a winter hibiscus. "Not the kind we were before" (@NUM1). This shows how important it is for her to find a hibiscus like hers. She shows her disappointment with herself until the last segment where she shows courage and a strong will.
When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again. The author ends the story in such a way that it leaves readers asking a lot of real questions in "@ORGANIZATION1 by @CAPS1" there was a modernist way of explaining the stye way by having readers ask questions instead of moral questions to the story. For example, in "@CAPS1's @ORGANIZATION1" the protagonist @PERSON1 escaped and everyone could be locked up. In this story, a lot of people talk about what test the protagonist is talking about? Is she goig trying to impress ww friends? Is this a decision she made about herself? It also leaves readers wanting more stories so they @MONTH1 can go back or even read it again.
"Winter Hibiscus" is a true sad but hopeful story that uses a lot of symbols. The author ends the story with a confident ending that leaves readers satisfied. Two of the reasons he wrote this concluding paragraph was to give the ending a hopeful tone and to connect the objects she saw with spring. Thanks to Saeng's silent pledge of confidence, "Winter Hibiscus" ends on a hopeful note. She had a rough day and the writer wanted to make sure she had some goals to aim for. It can also be seen that Sang is a person's strength. The author uses this epilogue paragraph to leave readers with a tone of hope and confidence. The second reason the author ends this concluding paragraph is to associate some of the objects she sees with spring. Dayan represents the new home, and Hibiscus represents the old home. This paragraph ties the two symbols together so the reader can relate them to the spring. The way the author sums up the story is excellent. It represents a hopeful tone, as well as a symbol associated with spring. It ends confidently and leaves the reader satisfied.
I think the writer ends this paragraph because she doesn't want to give up. For example, he wanted to show us that even if you fail, don't give up on anything. So that's why he ended up like this.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to make her point. Also because she wanted to create an understanding of the complexity of paragraphs. The author wants readers to feel her message as if they were there to witness it.
The author ends the story with one sentence because the author wants to show that since Saeng found the flower, she has new hope and a reason to pass the test. The flower inspired her as it made her look back at her home in Vietnam "I mean, not the kind we eat at home" She found she was still too shivering at home to speak “When Saeng brought the plant back to her new home and planted it in the garden, it was like bringing home a little piece of Vietnam and it made her feel so much better. The whole inspiration and memory of the flower for Saeng made her feel better about her new home Feeling better, feeling better about her new home, and giving her a reason to restart her driving test.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she is saying that when the flowers bloom in spring, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts in winter, she will replant.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" begins with "Wait for them to come back, in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I'll take the test again." Saeng, because it creates the mood that Saeng is embracing these changes. Like nature adapting to changes in climate and location, saeng seems to appreciate her situation, is dictating it, and decides to make it a positive rather than a negative. The author says if you run into problems, please try again; via protagonist Saeng.
I believe the writer ended the story with this paragraph for many different reasons. One reason the writer could end the story with this paragraph is because she might try again. The second reason the author could end the story with this paragraph is because she probably wanted to make her mother proud. The third reason why the author can end the story with this paragraph is probably because she really feels that she is really disappointed. Anyway, if you screw up, try again and maybe you will do better.
At the end of "Winter Hibiscus", He Minfeng said, "When they come back, Sang En silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the wild goose returns, this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again" to show that there will always be something better. Hope for things to happen. Saeng becomes sad as she thinks of her home in Vietnam. She longed for her natural home and familiar place. The memory she missed hurts Saeng painfully because she's gone now, in another world. However, the author begins to reveal that @ORGANIZATION1 will take on @LOCATION2 and find hints of childhood memories there. "Overhead, a flock of Canada geese flew by, their faint chirping clear - yes - familiar to Saeng now." Saeng is already starting to get acquainted with her area around @LOCATION2. Her hibiscus will keep her @CAPS1 culture, traditions and memories alive as the geese help her feel happy and used to @LOCATION2. She will go on to live a successful life and pass her tests as people keep her @CAPS1 and "@CAPS3 culture alive" through memory. That's why He Minfang ends "Winter Hibiscus" with a specific paragraph.
The author ends with the story of Winter Hibiscus, which is kind of funny/weird or something. The conclusion is 'When they come back, Sheng in the spring silently swears to himself that when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again. I know one thing the title part is in the epilogue, so basically it ends the whole story, plus the characters
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that the narrator is ready. The narrator tried a test, but it failed. She bought herself a flower to cheer herself up. Her mother talked to her and she felt better. She is as determined to pass the driving test as Hua is determined to live.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it symbolizes the change of Saeng as well as other things. Snow always melts when the seasons change. Geese always come back when the seasons change. Hibiscus sprouts when the seasons change. Saeng will try again when the seasons change. But she would also be someone else. Saeng knew that everything would change, but her heart remained the same, and she decided she would change too. After seeing Fleur and remembering her past, she now appreciates @CAPS1 even more.
The author ends the story with this sentence "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will try again." The author indicates that Saeng will participate again exam, she will prepare and pass the exam. Also, the author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that the story is over and she knows she will take the exam again, so she knows she has the confidence to take the exam again and makes her mother proud of her passing. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because spring is warmer and more interesting and she will have time to work on her stuff in winter, for the time of spring. Also because, like she says in the story, the final conclusion is that she finally understands what's going on, so she associates it with what the goose looks like.
The author used that paragraph to wrap up the story because it was her own propaganda.
In He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus", the author said "When they return, Sang Moo swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the wild goose returns, this hibiscus will sprout, and I will do another test," to show the hibiscus and the store how the other plants in it symbolize Saeng. When Saeng entered the store, she was overwhelmed that she had forgotten many things about life in Vietnam. "She didn't even realize that the plants she had known but had forgotten brought her back to the world of her childhood." This is when Saeng connected herself and her childhood with these plants. When she saw another plant she knew in the pot, she thought to herself: "It's so weird sitting in a pot at home, it's just going wild, from cracks in brick walls or in neatness. sticking out between the roofs.” It was symbolic of her, because outside her home, she also seemed to feel strange and caged, while in Vietnam, she was more free-spirited. When Saeng brought it home, her mother described the hibiscus plant as strong enough to survive the cold months”. Saeng agreed with this description and decided that when Hibiscus had dealt with bad things, she too would be like her germinate and grow like a plant. Then, she will be ready to achieve her goals.
The author concludes: "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that when the snow melted in spring, the geese returned, and the hibiscus sprouted, I would take that test again. Saeng believes that if the hibiscus can get through the hard times and adapt, Change and she can survive. Saeng icoms says she is strong enough to survive even though she moved to the US. Failing her driver's test means she can't do anything, but try again to start over like Fleur .
The author ends the story with this @CAPS1, the author wants to show that Saeng is not giving up. In the story, Saeng went to the greenhouse and started crying. When she got home, she said to her mother, "I didn't pass the exam." This Saeng's @CAPS1 wants to go back and try again. That's why the author ends this paragraph.
The last paragraph was added to represent Saeng and her family's determination and adaptation to something new. At first, Saeng was bitter about failing the exam. But when she remembered her hometown through the flower, she accepted it. Just like a flower will sprout, she will pass the test by becoming a new person. An example of what she was determined to tackle was that she did make friends and she didn't give in despite being rejected for the food she offered. The moment of breakdown is when she gets the flowers. When she got home, it was all over and she accepted the change again.
The author includes the last paragraph because Saeng won't give up. She will try again. I think Saeng bought this flower because she has them in her hometown and it will help her. For example, Saeng starts crying because she misses her hometown.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because he thinks that when the flowers come back, they will be the batter. I think he thinks the next test will be better
The author ends "Winter Hibiscus" with this passage, as it continues the theme of adapting to life changes. In the story, Saeng came to America from Vietnam, which was a big change. Plants have also changed. Hibiscus reminds Saeng of Vietnam, but it's different. The mother in the story says: "Its flowers are not so pretty, but it's strong enough to survive the cold winters here, this winter's hibiscus." The hibiscus is also thematically related because of its ability to adapt to change. The last paragraph talks about melting snow, geese returning, and hibiscus sprouting. These are all the changes that the author uses to connect the theme. This increases the understanding of the story information. Also, the tone of the last paragraph is hopeful and gives the reader a positive feeling. The tone adds to the theme of the story.
The story is about him failing the exam. She said she would try it when the geese came back next year.
I think he means the seasons have changed and that winter will come again. I think that's the test.
I think the author ends the story with the given paragraph to show her resemblance to Hibiscus and Goose. First, both geese and hibiscus have one goal, which is to survive the winter. Wild geese fly south to keep warm in winter. It's similar to Saeng's worse things, they both moved to different environments that they had to adapt to. Also, Saeng has to go through winter with Seremban. Hibiscus needs to be strong to overcome the winter, which shows that Sanger is like her Hibiscus, because she needs to be strong to overcome the test. If her hibiscus can overcome its ordeal, Winter then she can survive into a life of her own.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" wrote: "Wait until spring comes back, and when the snowmelt geese come back, and this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again, because it shows that she can adapt to changes and think about her hometown. How does she An example of keeping her hometown alive in her life is "But she's grown up and she admits she prefers eating Big Macs. " It shows that she can still eat the food she ate in her old home and try new things in her new home. All in all, the excerpt shows that the author can bring the two cultures together and be happy.
There may be many reasons why the author ends the story with this paragraph. This passage can have many different meanings that can be important to the story. I think the author added this to say that spring is here and she'll have more reasons to take her driver's license. You can break this paragraph down into many different meanings. I interpret it as when spring returns, she will have a fresh start. The snow melted and represented all the hardships she faced last year. The return of geese and the budding of hibiscus means that they will also come back to start the new year. They are also back, ready to start their new lives. It is included at the end to show how Saeng is trying to forget how she failed the exam. She is now using the time to prepare for her next driving test. She thinks once she forgets all the bad things she's been through the previous year. She must move on to pass her next driving test. The author ends the story with this quote, showing how Saeng intends to solve her problem. The way you interpret the paragraph will give you a different idea of what it is trying to say. I think this shows @CAPS1 a fresh start she will have to go through next year.
I think the author ends the story with the stage of "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again". Said they would be ready for them the next time they came back.
The author ends the story of "Winter Hibiscus" with Saeng vowing to retake the exam. He ends it this way to show the theme of the story. One of the themes of the story is never giving up. The winter hibiscus had to survive the long winter, but it did survive, and it inspired Saeng to keep going. Another theme is overcoming your obstacles. This flower faces many dangers but still manages to bloom. Saeng wants to overcome her obstacles and pass the test. So the end of the story shows the theme.
The author concludes this part because it makes the story stand out more. For example, when Saeng says the plants come back she will recover. It also gives something to the ending, rather than bite the bullet and talk about v or goose to get the reader off topic. Finally, when the goose came back, she said it too.
I think the author ends the story of this plant that the girls see with that @CAPS1, it's a symbol of steadfastness and faith, so she'll be taking the test next year when it comes back @CAPS1 she really loves this plant, She hoped it would bring what she was missing.
I think the writer ends the story with this sentence to show that she won't give up; she's trying no matter how hard it is. The girl says "I didn't pass the test" in the story and then at the end of the story says I'll take the test again so she doesn't fail forever. I also think the writer ends the story with that paragraph making you wonder if she'll pass the test.
I think the author wrote this because whatever exam she was going to take, she wasn't ready before, but now as soon as the goose comes back, and Fleur comes back, she'll be ready to take the exam. Maybe she wasn't mentally prepared. So I think when she says Goose and Fleur are back, she'll take the exam, maybe she's not physically and mentally prepared for it.
The author has carefully chosen the closing paragraphs. The authors chose to end their story with this paragraph because everything the actors had in the last paragraph represented something special in the character's eyes. There's a reason the author chose to end the story with that paragraph. The ending paragraph that the author chooses is very important. The character says, "This hibiscus is sprouting, so I'll do another test." The hibiscus she mentioned represents the ability to overcome obstacles. In the story, it talks about the girl overcoming a failed exam and retaking it. That's why the author sums it up like this. The author also writes. "The snow melts, the wild goose returns" represents a new beginning and opportunity for the characters. This makes the character feel like she'll pass the test next time. The author added the paragraph at the end to symbolize new beginnings and opportunities and the ability to overcome obstacles. The author chose the last paragraph for a specific reason. So does this author. The author does this to symbolize things.
The author ends the story with that passage because there is a saying that when it's cold and silent, she's hot to herself, but when the snow melts, spring comes. She said, did a lot of fun things.
I believe the author ends the story with that passage as the geese head south in beautiful @CAPS1 formations that come down every season. So she told herself, @CAPS2, when the geese come back and the hibiscus flowers germinate, she will take the test again. For example, she said to herself: "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she used to think strange, after quiet repeating season after season, are now almost familiar to her." @CAPS2, Looking up at the goose, she almost remembered a somewhat similar experience she had been through.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again, emphasizing that you can wait until" "Seasons" come again for you to endure again, to overcome failure or failure. Basically, the hibiscus (a plant) means a lot to the narrator and her dying mother who dug a hole to help it grow, so when it grows again When it proves it will be better to live. So when Saeng tells about the test she will have a chance to pass. The story of this passage symbolizes that a new beginning is about to happen. It actually means that the situation will arise again, it will help you get what you need from it.
She can't wait for the flowers to start coming back when the snow melts so it's not very cold outside so they will grow and she's going to be tested and when the geese and the flowers come back she fails.
The author ends this paragraph, indicating that Sanger, like Dayan and Furong, will return again, and there is hope. Saeng is a little frustrated in the story because she is in a new country and has just passed her driving test. The hibiscus flowers in the florist brought her painful emotional memories, but they were also comforting. Later in the story, she and her mother plant hibiscus outside the garden. Saeng watched the geese fly overhead when her mother walked in. "Almost reluctantly, (Saeng) realized that many of the things she used to think were strange, through the quiet repetition of season after season, are almost familiar to her. Like geese." Saeng knew the geese would return in the spring, It's like taking her driving test. Hibiscus will also bloom again, giving her hope. This is the meaning of the last paragraph of the story "Winter Hibiscus".
The writer ends the story with this paragraph to show saeng's eternal determination. This idea of her determination to succeed can be linked to the plants she brings home. The plant she knew grew wild where she used to live, but she found it potted in the U.S., which restricted its growth, just as mulberry's new country looked unusual and she felt out of place.
At the end of the story, Saeng tells herself that she will take the test again because it brings together the overall theme and main action of the story. The theme of the story is that you can adapt to your new environment by discovering its beauty and resemblance to your old home. Saeng said, “A lot of things she used to think strange, after season after season of peaceful repetition, are now almost as familiar to her as a goose.” When she was in the greenhouse, the plants pulled her back to Vietnam and her grandmother’s memory middle. Saeng has a hard time adjusting to new things after moving to @LOCATION2, but she is determined to overcome it, just like she overcomes the differences between @LOCATION3 and Vietnam. I think the author ends the story by talking about Goose and Hibiscus and taking the test back, because it shows all the ways Saeng is adjusting to her new life and shows her and readers that she can overcome new things. She vowed to herself that she could, and has a vision for her future, success and fit into the @CAPS1 lifestyle.
The author ends the story with the paragraph she did because it is the end and the beginning of a new beginning. The author uses the senses in her story. Winter is the current season and spring is coming. Although Saeng failed the test in the winter when most things died, she is looking forward to restarting her test in the spring. The geese return and the hibiscus sprouts, indicating that spring has come and is full of vitality. Saeng will also get new life in her test this time around to pass it and drive. Spring is here and a new life will be offered to all.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because this paragraph is like telling most of the story, but in a small and short way.
This paragraph is a great way to end the story because it's about testing. The narrator says she will try again in the spring.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph because that's what the story is all about, just explaining what happened at the end, as if what happened in the story was the growth and life of a flower.
He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus". The author ends the story with a seemingly incomplete paragraph. The girl San vows to take her driving test when spring comes. She felt cold and helpless while saunaing the plants "Then she noticed the potted plant Saeng was holding, and its leaves were shaking in the wind." Saeng's mother assured her that she could accept her choice, which allowed Saeng to grow For one, "I'm so glad you got it." @CAPS1 Mom also said, "Look how grounded it is, poor thing." This somewhat describes Saeng's insistence on staying connected to her country. Saeng's mother also told her that the plant will definitely survive now. When spring comes, the plants will be just as strong, and so will Saeng. This is why the author left where she used to be
The author ends the story by showing the girl's connection to plants and the symbolism of the goose, "Winter Hibiscus", her connection to her hometown. She says she'll retake her driving test when her plants sprout and be brave, so she'll do the same. Dayan flying south shows her journey as a person because when Dayan returns from their journey, she will be tested just as she returns from her journey.
The author wrote the closing paragraph her way for a number of reasons. The main reason is that she wanted to end the story in a light-hearted way. Throughout the story, there is a depressing nogistical tone that makes readers yearn for the past. Even if you @MONTH1 don't like where you are, the author wants to emphasize being strong. The author also wanted to show the main power of the protagonist Saeng. Even though she just failed an exam in a strange new world, she still wants to keep going. This adds dimension to the character, making her less static and more dynamic. If you're homesick and need something to move you forward, this is a really good story.
The author ends with this sentence because it shows that she needs time. She needs time to get used to her new home, like hibiscus, to take root in the new soil she is in. When she was in the orchard, she saw Hibiscus and thought of her old home, which made her cry, but felt good at the same time.
I believe the author summed up that part of the story to show the Patinations. Saeng is waiting for spring, maybe it will return to her hometown again. She prefers spring to winter. She likes the birds that the geese return in the spring. They leave in winter. So I believe the author sums up this passage.
"When they came back, Sonn silently swore to himself that until spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." The author left her home and moved to another nation. She is now in an unfamiliar place. Everything surrounding her now is new and mostly unknown. Closing the story with this sentence suggests that there is still hope for the author to adjust to his new home. When she left home, she didn't leave a building behind. She left her home, the people she loved, and endless memories. Sometimes she @MONTH1 feels out of place because she is no longer in her comfort zone. She is now "out of the box" into a whole new world. When she saw the hibiscus, this bizarre plant brought her back her memories and love for her hometown. Then she came back to reality and broke up sadly, "failed the exam". The closing sentence shows that the author is willing to try to survive in this new place, and is still determined to pass his own test of adaptation.
The author ends the story with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again". She will take the test and hope she passes so she can make her mother happy and support her. She chose spring because spling is the rebirth of nature and Saeng wants to retake the exam with a clear head. I guess that's why the writer chose to put the paragraph at the end of the story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several important reasons. Throughout the story, Saeng grapples with her past and overcomes it. This passage helps bring a sense of closure to the story. When Saeng came home with Hibiscus, she told her mother that she couldn't help herself and couldn't get over her past. "I didn't pass the test," Saeng said. When she said "test," she meant the ability to cope with the loss of her grandmother and motherland, and overcome it. In the final paragraph, Saeng said she would retake the exam. She said, "I'll take the test again when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts." In short, the author ends the story and the emotional obstacles Saeng faces with a closing paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she wants to end it with hope. For example, she has been homesick since she moved to America. To make matters worse, she failed her driving test. “She still finds herself shivering saying these words at home, lest she burst into tears again.” This quote helps increase homesick girls. She ends this paragraph to show that when spring comes, she will start over and live her life again at @LOCATION2.
The author ends the story with this quote, as Saeng explains to the reader that she will be taking the exam again in due course. When things seem to be getting better, she will retake the test. That's why the writer ends her story with that paragraph.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus" by @CAPS1 Ho. The narrator goes to a greenhouse with many flowers, but one flower in particular catches her attention. ''Winter'' hibiscus plant. The plant reminded her of her hometown and everything that ever happened there. The plant also reminded her of her grandmother's long silky gray hair and how she used to watch her dry her hair in the sun and then she Will help her tie it into a ton of buds with this plant. The author ends the story with this because when she says "I didn't pass the test" it is the opposite of her statement. The sentence ends with "...then I'll take the test again".
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", the girl Saeng @CAPS1 "Failed the II test" said Saeng. She bought a hibiscus flower because it reminded her of some memories at home, as well as the hibiscus flower in her house. In the end, she said that when the geese came back, the snow melted and the hibiscus sprouted, she would take the test again. I think she did it because she needed time to think things through in order to remember to go home and build a hibiscus garden. Hibiscus in this story is like Saeng. Either they did it wrong, or @CAPS1 something Saeng didn't pass the test and Hibiscus was confined to the pot. But both of them will change bad things..
In He Minfang's story "Winter Hibiscus", the author ends the paragraph in this way, conveying Saeng's determination to buy familiar plants and newfound motivation. Although she failed the test and found a plant that reminded her of her home, her grandmother gave her the motivation to try the test again, but anyway, she wanted to exercise her new home to be better in a new country . "She looked up and saw their distinctive u etched into the evening sky..." The author included details about the geese to move on. Goose will go and come back, just like Saeng. She failed the test the first time, but getting the plants and seeing the birds prompted her to try again. "Almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things she thought were strange before had become... familiar to her." In her new home, geese were one of the things she was very familiar with. Closing the sojourn with a few stories about the goose conveys to the reader that she is slowly but surely learning how to adjust to her strange new home. Finding this plant helped her because she was already familiar with it. “Saeng was shocked by such a strong endorsement, it was almost heartfelt.” @CAPS1, Saeng said. " After failing her driver's license test, she was comforted by walking into the flower shop and finding the plant. It makes this new place feel closer to home than it did in the first place. Over time, these geese become familiar, and finding this plant is nothing short of comforting. Ending the story this way shows the reader that she is adapting and learning to deal with difficult situations in a comforting way.
In He Minfu's novel "Winter Hibiscus", the author begins with "When they come back, Sheng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take it to test again" . The author ends the story with @CAPS1 because she said that when the year begins to close @CAPS2 and start over, she will do the same. She said when Geese @CAPS3 came back, the snow melted and the hibiscus started to sprout and they all started again and started @CAPS2 start. So when she goes to take the exam, it will be @CAPS2 years.
The author of Winter Hibiscus ends her story with @CAPS1 failing her driving test. Saeng cried when she noticed her past through the flower. and the purchased dok malik seeds show that the story ends its way as the next season
The writer ends the story with this paragraph, showing that saeng is determined. She said she was going to take the test again, showing her determination. Even if saeng fails the driving test, she will not give up.
The author uses this sentence because the snow is melting and the geese are coming back. The flowers are budding, which is why I think the author uses this phrase. Transcribed by @ORGANIZATION1
I believe this is a good ending to the story. When Saeng said "when they come back," she was referring to flowers. When you come back alive. "Spring" indicates when the flowers will return. "When the snow melts, the geese come back" she was talking about after winter (when the snow melts) and the geese back (in spring). "And this hibiscus is budding," she said when the spring flowers bloomed again. "Then I'll take the test again," she said after all this happened and she'd retake the test (in the spring). This shows that Saeng will be watching all of this happening and counting down again until spring so she can retake the exam, she's ready to come here in spring, study hard, pass exams, and work in flower @CAPS1, that's her goal for winter until spring arrival!
The author ends the story this way, because in the spring when all things bloom. She also can't concentrate when it's snowing. So when the hibiscus sprouts, she can take the exam again. I think he wrote that because of what it meant to her.
The conclusion of this story offers a hope for the future. The girl is frustrated that she failed the test, but remains hopeful about what will happen next. In the story, the narrator says, "She raised her head." This line shows that she will not give up and give up, but will work hard until she succeeds. The ending of the story makes the reader wonder if she will try harder and pass the test a second time. When she says, "When the snow melts and the geese come back," it shows us that she is like the geese as they all go back on a journey of fighting. Also, when she says "this hibiscus is budding," she is saying that when everything is back to life and at its peak, she will take the exam because she will have the greatest confidence. The author sums up the story, showing that there is hope for the future, and she won't give up. Despite her frustration at failing the exam, she is sure to prepare to pass in the spring.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several reasons.
Saeng is @CAPS1 and it will be a long time before she wears school work again. That's why the authors end the story with their paragraphs.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because he wants to emphasize that the girl is not completely dissatisfied with leaving her home. He ends it because he wants her to believe they want her to learn to love her new home.
The author ends the story with this sentence because Saeng needs a break before taking the exam again. Saeng is comparing cold things; flowers and exams. This is important. So the author ends the story with this sentence.
The author ends the story with that paragraph, showing that the girl will be like Hibiscus. The next time it blooms, the girl will be ready to take the test and take it again and pass. The author wanted to show that the girl would not give up and would try again to make sure she passed. The author takes Hibiscus as an example to illustrate that the girl and the daughter will bloom at the same time, and Hibiscus will and will pass the test.
Well, I think the author ends the story with this sentence because maybe Saeng loves spring and can better focus on her favorite flowers that she thinks are relevant to her life.
The author ends the story in such a way to express the theme of effort, some other examples of effort are "Winter Hibiscus". Another example is that she vowed to pass the test, so that's why the writer ended the story that way.
Authors end the story with the paragraph they did, because that's roughly the same thing they opened the story with. To introduce the story, the author tells how Saeng failed her driving test and then saw a familiar plant she wanted to buy. The story centers on how she struggled to adjust to her new home. So to end the story, the author says that once the flowers start to sprout and the goose comes out, Saeng will take her driver test again. Flowers and geese remind her of home, so this tells you to think about her home, and items that make her feel at home, comfort her, and help her overcome obstacles.
Authors use many techniques to improve their stories. Without these tips, @MONTH1's story seems bland or unappealing. The fact that author Minfong Ho canverys Saeng will try to take the exam again. Instead of simply stating that she would retake the test, he made her promise to the goose that she would. The author ends the story in such a way that she shows her strong feelings about the exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it connects hibiscus with the trials and triumphs of life. Why can't you give up, you must go back and retake the exam, Dong Furong must survive the harsh winter and come back strong. Hibiscus are symbols of hope, and saeng sees them as her hope. Throughout the story, Fleur comforts Sang because they remind her of home. The author includes this because many people can relate to it and find hope in things. For saeng, knowing that every year Hibiscus will come back in this situation, assure her that she will be fine there too.
I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph to signal a new beginning. The geese are coming back to start their lives again, the hibiscus will bloom and she will retake the exam. At first, Saeng was frustrated by having to leave her hometown and grandmother. Saeng began to feel "a sense of loss so deep and strong that it stabbed Saeng's eyes and now sweeps over her". She remembers how some of these plants grew in the undergrowth or between the cracks in the sidewalk. Saeng said what she did in the last paragraph was her. Show that she finds comfort and confidence in hibiscus flowers. Memories of the past have pointed her in the direction, and now she will retake her driving test.
I think the author ends the story with this closing paragraph because the story is about how she felt comforted in the plant and she wanted to wait until the weather improved and the goose came back for her test. I think she wants to wait that way, she'll be more comfortable with her surroundings and she can clear her head and do her best in exams.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng wants to take the exam again, but when all other good and happy things come back like plants and geese, she wants to take the exam again. This is true because Saeng said, "When they (the geese) come back...and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will be tested." This shows her maturity and happiness and well-being. When everything else is back and happy, she wants to do something hard, maybe not even fun. Like when she came, she was sad, but when the geese and plants came back, she wanted to help them through and make them happy too. That way they can all be happy at the same time.
Writer He Minfang's short story "Winter Hibiscus" ends with the protagonist Sang, promising herself that when the geese return in the spring and the winter hibiscus begins to sprout, she will retake the failed driver's license test. Mingfong Ho wrote the story with strong imagery and symbolism, the hibiscus found in the flower shop represents Saeng's connection to her hometown, and the bitter gourd, loved by Saeng but unbearable by people at @LOCATION1, represents It's hard for Saeng's to connect with people in @LOCATION1. And for Saeng, the budding Hibiscus and the returning goose represent a new opportunity to pass her driving test and better adapt to life in @LOCATION1.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because she wants to show that Saeng won't give up and that nature has given power to @CAPS1. It concluded that Saeng did not give up saying she would take the test again, even though she failed earlier in the day. Also, it shows that nature gave Saeng strength, saying that Saeng will be tested again when the geese return, the hibiscus buds and the spring snow melt, nature gives her strength because it reminds her of where they used to live and her grandmother. All in all, the author ends the story with that paragraph to show that Saeng is not a giver, and that nature has given her strength and confidence.
The role of Saeng has experienced internal and external conflicts. Saeng failed her driving test and still missed Vietnam. The ending of the story is an excellent choice for the ending of the story. @CAPS1 The geese represent her change. She used to go out clumsily. Many things are new to her. Saeng realizes that life is not that bad for her. Planting "Winter Hibiscus" also represents a change for her. It shows how she will start a new life and go on happily. Saeng will "plant new seeds". The ending of the story is well chosen as it foreshadows Saeng's future. The story is inspiring and the ending has a big impact on the effect.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show how Saeng connects Furong overcoming problems to her own. Saeng compares hibiscus to herself. If Fleur can adapt to her surroundings, so can she. If Hibiscus made it through the winter, so could she; she'd retake the exam she failed earlier. And, before that, she said that what used to be foreign to her now looks familiar, like a goose. Then she saw them flying in a V-shape overhead. They also adapt to their surroundings by flying to warmer locations, which Saeng can also adapt to.
The author ends the story with that sentence because she is excited about the return of spring so she can plant more and watch them bloom and come alive.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it shows that Saeng won't give up. Saeng failed her driving test, and when she was walking home, she found a hibiscus flower. It reminded her of her hometown. Saeng went to the greenhouse or flower shop and bought one. When she came back, she planted hibiscus. Fleur stops her from giving up. When it starts to sprout, @PERSON1 will be tested again.
The author chose to leave that paragraph last, because then everything would redo her mistakes perfectly. Saeng cried, "I didn't pass the test!" @CAPS1 means she failed at what she thought she was good at. "Let me help Mom" stood up and took the shovel away from Mom. Saeng is trying to get better at gardening, so when she repeats her mistakes, she does better. As readers can see, Saeng wants to pass the exam, so she can trust that sh is an amazing gardener just like her mother.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it makes people want to read the next story to see how she ended the exam. In the story, she failed the exam after the change and wanted to retake the exam because she knew she could do better now than before @PERSON1.
Because everything in this passage is in the story. So it's really intertwined. She learned to adapt to her new home like growing plants.
I would say the writers ended the paragraphs of this story because they wanted to be very stable. They want the reader to have a good example and understanding of the text. in short.
The reason they include stories in paragraphs is because they are talking about the same thing. Then they might combine stories with paragraphs, possibly to show the good relationship between mother and daughter and how they do things together. Then in the story they talk about going to Canada together.
The author decided to end the story with this paragraph to show Saeng's strength and confidence. Saying she'll pass the exam again in the spring shows she's confident and looking for a fresh start. He also summed it up because she didn't have much self-confidence after her failed exam. Once she talked to her mother and knew she understood, Saeng knew she had to try again, persevering until she passed the exam.
I think when she takes the exam, it will be in the spring and she will try to pass the exam. _ _ _ _ _ _ but she didn't want to cry in front of her mother. _ _ _I think she will make up for her and pass the exam. _ _ _ _ _
The author ends the story with that paragraph, showing the reader that she was knocked down but that she would stand up again and be tested again. It's also a great way to end the story because it shows she's very determined to pass that ordeal, won't give up, and will do anything to pass it.
The reason the writer ends the story with that paragraph is because he shows that she won't give up, she will when she's ready. The reason I say this is because she takes the test when she wants to, when she feels comfortable. That's why I believe the author ends the story with that paragraph.
I believe the author ends the story this way to show an example of perseverance. Says Saeng, “She’s almost familiar now through quiet repetition season after season,” a phrase that stands for adapting to change. Soon she will be fully adjusted to her new home, it just takes time. If she keeps going. In the last paragraph, Saeng said, "Wait until the snow melts, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." Just like the seasons bring back, she will come back. I believe the last paragraph is there to show that everyone should persevere because things take time.
This statement shows the author's conclusion to the story. True to the theme of the story. If you fail, then try again. The statement said that her mission failed, so in the spring, once the hibiscus blooms again, she will try to complete her mission. The statement also summarizes the ways you should not give up. Saeng failed the test. "I didn't pass the test," she said. It showed how sad and depressed she was, because the tone of the statement was a sadder, more depressed tone. Though sad and depressed, Saeng knows she will try to complete the test next year. In general, this sentence shows the author's summary and thinking about the story of "Winter Hibiscus".
The author ends the story with "When they come back, Sang silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take that test again," for several reasons. , @CAPS1, Saeng decides she is determined to pass her driving test like Fleur. Said by Saeng's mother that it was "strong enough to pass," Saeng decided to be as strong as Hibiscus to pass and pass the test. Next, the reason goose is mentioned in the last paragraph is because she's used to @LOCATION1 because goose "sounds familiar". As much as she misses her old home, she is adjusting. In the end, one can conclude that, because she mentioned the plants that symbolize the motherland and the goose that symbolizes the new home, although she misses her old home, she is beginning to adjust to her new country and realize that she is a part of it. She knows that letting her past get in her way won't help her pass the exam, and like plants and geese, she'll be back again.
The author concludes this passage in the story because I think he is trying to tell the reader a message. What the author is trying to say is that if a plant can survive a cold winter, then she can pass the driver's license test. That's why I think the author included that paragraph.
I think the author ends the story this way because she loves watching geese, she loves spring, and wants to take exams and pass. Meanwhile, Sh is learning about it.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is because the author thinks that saeng can pass the level with hibiscus, and she thinks it is because hibiscus has its own uniqueness. It also reminds her of where she used to live before moving to @ORGANIZATION1. Saeng looked out of place and she didn't know what to do.
The author is very creative. He concluded the story by saying how Fleur was built and she will be tested again. She believes she will do better when it snows. The author ends the story with this, because Saeng is very upset about failing the exam, but with Fleur's consolation, she will be able to do better. He also ends the story with that paragraph because the climax is when she fails the test and the writer has to somehow conclude what will happen to Saeng in the test
He ends the story because testing is the main thing he talks about.
At the end of He Minfang's "Winter Hibiscus," the narrator describes her desire to take, this time passing a driving test she failed earlier in the day, "silently swearing to herself" that she would fail when she failed things to succeed in the past. This is an important concluding message because it shows that the author will overcome obstacles in her future. Much of the story is about the grief the narrator experiences from missing her hometown, San misses her grandmother and the plants in Vietnam, and she even buys a hibiscus plant to remind her of her hometown. She also doesn't like @LOCATION2 because she has already experienced failure in her new home. However, the end of the story provides contrast, making Saeng vow to succeed in the future.
The writers end the story with the paragraphs they do because it shows how much the protagonist has grown. She learned that if a delicate flower like hibiscus can get through tough times, so can she. Nature fights for survival, like Saeng's struggle in a new place. She finds that you adapt to your surroundings over time. Then after that, it will feel like home. The principle of adaptation is demonstrated throughout the story, proving that nature or a child's life is there. Therefore, the authors agree that the conclusion of the story speaks to Saeng's physical and physical growth.
In the story "Winter Hibiscus", Saeng is new to @LOCATION1. When she saw a hibiscus in the flower shop, she felt homesick. After she brought the flower home to grow in her backyard, she decided the next time she would take her driving test would be when the hibiscus blooms in spring. The author ends the story this way because it connects Saeng with the flower. Saeng feels out of place in @LOCATION1 because the hibiscus flower has a connection to her hometown in Vietnam, and the ending symbolizes that if the flower can survive the cold winter, so can she. She will take her driver's test as a sign of surviving and overcoming obstacles. In this story, it has an overarching theme that everything will get better with time. Saeng will adapt to the difference @LOCATION1, hibiscus will bloom; Saeng will pass her driving test.
They ended it because girls don't give up. She will keep trying this test and will not stop. She will be a little smarter. She will also pass this test. That way she won't let her mother down. She will be able to test her wielder.
The author ends the story with this passage to help readers imagine a new beginning for the girl. Time to retake the exam and have fresh flowers. Watch the geese return. The goose is symbolic to her and her quest for a new home. Melting snowflakes and budding flowers combine to give the reader a glimpse of the bright and fresh unclaimed future ahead for the girl. The author uses the final paragraph to explain more about what's to come, enhance the illustration, and engage an attentive audience. It is used to show the spirit of a girl. It makes us see her like a flower, it's hard for her to take root/grab a new way of life, but there's always a fresh/new time to go on.
I think the writer put that paragraph in the story because maybe it's a lucky thing or it's a tradition so it's very important in the story. It may also be trying to tell us something like she only takes the exam in the spring when the hibiscus starts to sprout.
In He Minfang's short story "Winter Hibiscus," the author ends the story with that particular paragraph, both to echo Sang's game of wanting to go home, and to show that she's learning to overcome obstacles. Saeng wants her to go back to her home country and keeps reiterating because she wants it back. "I mean, it's not like the one we were in -at-," Saeng continued to stumble as she didn't want to mention home because it brought tears to her eyes. Also, if she mentions "tests," it leads her to believe a fake test. "It is - it is not a real test". She refused to buy a real one because it reminded her of her driving test and how sad she was already. The test involves factory testing and driver testing. Saeng also ends with this vow, because the flower represents hope to her, "...and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test". The emotional test of the two situations she was in would make her stronger. The vows at the end of the story show her willingness to be strong and get through.
In the story, the author concludes that after she completes the test, there is nothing to see her growing any more.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because the girl failed her driving test. She adds all the natural details there because she takes the time to care about nature. That's what it's mostly about in the story.
I guess the writer added this paragraph to tell the reader that when all the beauties are back, she will try to re-acclimate to new things.
The writer of Winter Hibiscus ends the story with this paragraph because it gives Saeng the feeling of a fresh start and a new beginning. The hibiscus flower reminds her of her homeland, it keeps her going and strong, and she compares herself to a goose, saying that she thinks strange things become familiar through the quiet repetition of season after season. In winter, when the hibiscus does not bloom, Saeng fails the driver's license test. That passage says that in spring, when the hibiscus is thriving and the geese return, it's a new beginning for them and Saeng.
The author probably ends the story with Saeng vowing to take the exam again because he wants to show Saeng's determination. For example, when she told her mother that she failed the exam, her mother knew it was difficult for Saeng. Since it was a moment of silence, her mother realized that yelling at her was not a good idea. Saeng kind of likens himself to a plant. She @MONTH1 thought that if the plant could survive the winter and keep growing, then she would pass the test. So that's likely why the writer ended the story the way he did.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because she has new hope and determination. The author has a soft spot for hibiscus; for example, "but it's strong enough to get it through the winter," her mother said. Saeng hopes to be as strong as Seremban to deal with difficulties. When she said to herself "then I'll take the test again", she was filled with new determination.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because the whole story is leading to it and the story would be meaningless if not the conclusion.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that Saeng will adjust to the conditions of her new life. Hibiscus is a plant that thrives in warm tropical climates. However it cannot survive the cold; only the winter hibiscus, which can survive both climates (warm and cold), does. Hibiscus symbolizes life. She lives in Vietnam, loves the beautiful flowers there, and loves being with her grandmother. However, now that she lives in the US, she finds it difficult to adjust. Now that she has this cold-weather hibiscus, she can adjust to her new life in America. When she sees the geese coming back another spring and summer, she takes her driving test because they give her area another chance to be home for the season. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it is about how the snow melts and how the greenery returns, like rebirth. This simplifies his new motivation to take the test again. It really shows how close he is to nature and how many years of exposure to nature have affected him.
I think the writer ended the story with this paragraph because the whole story is sweet and leaves a beautiful picture in your mind, love every sentence. So why not "Wait for them to come back, and Sonn silently swore to himself in the spring that when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." Now tell that that's not beautiful.
The author then writes the last sentence as it is. That doesn't mean that by next spring, they want to see how differently they respond to the same. They know what it's like, but they know how to react to the season.
He used this phrase at the end of the story because it showed that she still had a chance to pass the exam. They use plants because plants always come back and sprout again. It's also a great way to end the story as it now shows in the current plant that @MONTH1 is a sign of inspiration and will teach you to look up to something. Maybe this is how she communicates with her mother through plants.
In the story Winter Fleur they ended the story with that paragraph because it regretted that she was getting used to the new contrury. She also tells you that you need to be in the news. That's why I think they agree with that paragraph
Saeng was very pleased with the flowers on this bush. In the story, she explained that they reminded her of her home in Vietnam. Plants and spring sprouts represent new life. Saeng thinks spring may also have a fresh start for her. That spring, she'll do better and pass the exam. But if she falls again, flowers will bloom to comfort her.
The author ends with this because she kind of associates herself with flowers. She has grown into her environment like a flower. And she didn't pass the exam either, so like a flower that dies and comes back, she has to come back and try again.
I think the writer ends the story with that paragraph because she failed the test so in the winter they didn't get the hibiscus but in the spring when they got the hibiscus again she would try the tasting again so she could pass
The author summarizes it in the last paragraph for two main reasons. One of them is that the flower is almost like her presence, the flower is not blooming. But when the snow melts and the flowers bloom, she's like that flower, to pass the exam and try again, another reason because it reminds her of coming home, and her mom understands why she paid so much for it, So they want to take it to the core.
He Minfang, the author of "Winter Hibiscus", ends the story with Saeng swearing to herself that when the geese come back to plant in spring, she will retake and pass the driver's license test. The author ends the story with this paragraph, expressing Saeng's willingness to start over. After failing the exam, Saeng visits a greenhouse and misses her home in Vietnam. She bought a hibiscus and planted it after noticing wild geese flying south for the winter when she got home. The plant symbolizes her memory. When she first saw it, it bloomed. In the spring it will re-sprout and form another flower while getting bigger. This is similar to Saeng overcoming grief and homesickness and rebuilding better memories while becoming stronger. when she gets the chance. Birds that fly overhead fly south for winter to escape the cold. In the spring they will come back and start raising goslings again, rebuilding their home, starting over from last spring. Saeng plans to start over and go through it so she can drive and feel more accepted in @LOCATION2. He Minfang chose to end the story with a paragraph, symbolizing the character's restart and rebuilding good memories.
Added the last paragraph in "Winter Hibiscus" because the author wanted to show that she was sad because she didn't pass the test. She was disappointed because her mom was disappointed in her and knew she could get through it. She looked at the hibiscus flowers and the wild geese flying in the air, and she thought she really had a chance to pass the exam. Now she's made up her mind to take the exam, which she'll be taking at the same time next year, and she's confident she'll pass.
The author ends the story with this sentence. He ends with this paragraph because that's how girls feel. She felt she could do better than she did in the spring.
It means she wants to start all over again. It's a girl's comfort zone - so when she's upset, that's what she does. That's what stories and stages are about.
The author concludes "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again", telling readers to never give up and keep trying. It also tells us that family is always there because you can't do it on your own. "It's a beautiful plant, the cauliflower," she concluded
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because the writer is trying to show the reader that she realizes she cares about nature and loves it because she's waiting for spring, and once spring comes, she'll take the test again. So in my opinion, The author wants to show readers that the characters in the story care deeply about nature.
The author finally used the sentence "wait for them to come back, and swear to myself silently, until the snow melts in spring, the geese come back, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", because whether the hibiscus is a good luck charm, when it does not exist, things Not right, but when it comes back, things will get better. The author also came to the conclusion that because the good luck charm of Hibiscus gives more confidence, when it is said that it is truly confident, one will succeed. The last one isn't a story, it lets the reader know that she believes in something that gives her hope, which makes her good
The author ends the story this way because one theme is overcoming obstacles. Hibiscus represents Saeng's perseverance, and the last paragraph puts an end to the conflict that was introduced. Hibiscus is "strong enough to survive the cold months here...that's all that counts," which makes the plant associated with the author's perseverance because of its symbolic meaning. The last paragraph added the symbolism of the end, as she said she would wait until the spring to take the test.
Saeng tried to say that when the time came again, she would take the exam. The author ends the story with this, because it makes you wonder what's going to happen the next time she takes the test. The author also does this to show that you should never give up, like if the flower can survive the winter, then she will be able to withstand that test. The authors also say that things change when the seasons change. She was about to give up because she failed the test, but seeing the plant survive the bad weather gave her more confidence. She also treasures the plant because she wants to see it sprout because she and her mother spend a lot of time diving into this plant she owns.
Saeng is talking about her studies and her garden. She always connects the two of them in the same way. She knew she had to study while the garden was growing, she wanted to water the flowers, she said she wouldn't go to the garden when spring came, she had to take the exam.
The author ends the story in such a way to show that Saeng will not give up and is determined to complete her mission. The author hopes that readers will understand Saeng's grief and want to overcome homesickness. Saeng is much like Hibiscus, she is delicate and beautiful. Saeng said she would test again when the hibiscus sprouts, as she did with the plant.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that anything and everyone can get through. This paragraph is the last positive message for the reader. The text says, "When they come back...I'll take that test again". This sentence suggests that Saeng can think of himself as a goose or one of the budding hibiscus plants. She knows her "winter" is her test, and when she's ready, she'll be able to take the test again and succeed. The buds of hibiscus represent the time when she is ready to take the exam. Although she has hard teeth now, she will be able to get through it and try again. This paragraph is placed last because it brings together the purpose of the hibiscus. Without saying this, readers will never get the message, instead, they will believe that the role of Hibiscus is to connect with Saeng's past. In conclusion, this positive paragraph is included to show the reader that everyone can recover from a bad situation.
One could mean she can only take the exam in the spring. It was also because of the environment during that time that she relaxed. When she was disappointed and @CAPS1 about her failing driving.
The author ends the story with this @CAPS1 because she really cares about Fleur. She said this because she compared her test to Fleur. When the hibiscus buds, she will be tested again. Hibiscus is everything to her. It's her good luck. With the budding of hibiscus, she can start a new life. Without the hibiscus plant, she was laser "I didn't pass the test" and "I bought it," saeng replied reading her mother's next question. She was so frustrated with her test failure as to why she was buying hibiscus to affect her life. She decides when will spring with the buds of hibiscus and she will start her new life by taking the test again and telling herself the importance of hibiscus
The author concludes that anything can happen in the story. Saeng planted a winter hibiscus and her mother was angry with her. Saeng's mother was angry because she spent the money on the whole plant instead of the seeds, which would be much cheaper. Saeng began to cry when her mother was angry and in disbelief, and her mother forgave her for her actions. This shows that anything can happen
The writer likely ended the story with that paragraph because they were trying to show the reader that you can't be stubborn even if you fail at something. So Saeng failed the driving test, but in the spring when the hibiscus plants start to sprout, she will go back and take the test again. Through the sprout of the plant, she thought it was a sign that she would pass the test
At the end of the story, Saeng silently swears to herself, showing the reader that she will grow like a hibiscus and take the test again, this time determined to pass it. This plant gives Saeng hope because it reminds her of her beloved homeland. When the hibiscus starts to sprout and get beautiful flowers, Saeng also "sprouts" and gets her license.
I think this passage is trying to say the sum, because in this passage. It says "I will be tested again in the spring when the snow melts and only the sun melts and the gees return to hunting season and the hibiscus is budding". So @CAPS1 starts in spring, so it must be the spring sun.
The author uses a paragraph at the end of the story about how saeng was tested in the spring, because the words used and the way of reading can tell the reader that saeng is calm and accepts the fact that she lives in the United States. When Saeng said "this hibiscus plant is sprouting," she wondered how the plant reminded her of her home country. When she said "then I'll take the test again," she assured herself she'd take the test when she felt at home in her new country. Saeng is also telling herself in a way that she should accept the fact that she has moved and can still be reminded of her homeland with new hibiscus plants and many other things.
The author ends the story with this paragraph for good reason. The author could write a sequel to this. She might want people to keep coming back for more, or to know when things start over again, and so will Saeng. It's a very good thing to end the story with that paragraph. The author wants you to know that when plants and geese start living again, Saeng does the same. Instead of giving up, she retakes the exam. The author may be planning to write a sequel to this short story. It makes you think, then the sequel will be about the beginning of Saeng's new life and what she plans to do to keep her vows. When everything starts to come alive in spring, so does Saeng. Author @MONTH1 loves to make people wonder what's next. People would go home wondering what the author would do with Saeng next. The author likes to keep people in suspense and wait for an answer.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, emphasizing Saeng's willingness to overcome obstacles and adapt to his new life. The hibiscus flower discussed in the closing quote describes Saeng's new hope and determination to succeed in America. In its text, for example, "...its delicate petals flared back to reveal a long stamen with yellow pollen. Saeng felt a cognitive shock so intense it was almost visceral." When Saeng was overwhelmed when @LOCATION3 found a plant that seemed to blend her Vietnam past with her future. Hibiscus represents new hope in seemingly impossible situations. When the hibiscus blooms, her world will open and a new life will wait to begin. Realizing this idea at the end of the story, the reader understands that Saeng has found new stability and will eventually succeed. A velvety feel to the center, as she knows it. Saeng 's past memories are when this hibiscus flower first appeared, which brought her a huge inspiration.
The author ends the story "Winter Hibiscus" with a passage she chose because she wanted to portray to her readers that even though Saeng went through hardships when she left her old home, she can still find a new good life here. In the final segment, the winter program represents the difficult times of the past, while the spring represents a more optimistic future and a new beginning. Although Saeng is grieving her past, she can still find happiness here. In the story, she once knew that Furong belonged to her family. She found hibiscus where she is now, which is reminiscent of her old home. Also, the story says. " Almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things she used to think were strange, after season after season, are now almost familiar to her." This line leads to the final paragraph, showing her acceptance that she can Enjoy living happily in this new home. The last paragraph says, "...Wait until the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, and I will take the test again." When the things she is familiar with and the things that remind her of her old home come back, Saeng will have the strength to try again for the new in her new home. Life accomplishes good things.
The author ends the story with this quote because it shows that you can always start clean and that you should never give up when you really want something. Dennett really wanted to pass the exam, so she worked hard and failed. She knows that the spring of plants brings new inspiration to life, and you can always change some of the things you don't like about yourself. I totally agree with this statement because if you don't have a second chance, most people are losers because everyone makes mistakes, just as everyone has the ability to fix them. That's why I believe the author sums up the statement at the end of this story.
The story is related to that passage because Saeng believes that when her new hibiscus is born next spring, she will have good luck passing the driving test. It's a great way to end the story because Fleur wasn't involved in her life until she took her driving test. Now she believes that in her next driving test, she will relate to her past experiences, her ability to overcome obstacles and her comfort in times of disappointment. Saeng thinks it will help her pass the exam.
The author could have ended the story with this paragraph for many reasons. One reason for @MONTH1 is to explain her change in the story. At the beginning of the story, the author sounds frustrated because she failed the exam. In her last paragraph, it shows that she has overcome her fears. Also, the goose moves just like her. "Saeng and her family have moved to the US, but the geese also find it strange to move, but they come back every year. With the flowers, Saeng is unique in her new life and she has to learn to adapt like geese and flowers .she knows the flowers will bloom and the geese will be back in the spring and that's what she has to do. She won't give up but will try again later in the year. This shows how she adapts and changes to suit her new environment .
In Winter Hibiscus, the author ends with this passage to show that Saeng not only has to pass the driving test, but also adjust to her new home. In the paragraph the author says "swear" to convey a positive connotation. The author says, "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she used to think strange are now... familiar." The author says this to show that she is adjusting to her new way of life, but he uses the last paragraph to say that she More time is required.
In the story, "Dong Furong Sang promises herself that she will never fail the exam again, and Sang wants to remember her past and hometown. That's why she buys flowers. At the end of the story, she swears: "Spring, snow Melting, geese returning, hibiscus sprouting, I will test again. She says this because she now wants to move on and try to adjust to her new home.
The author ends the story in paragraphs as all the ideas come together and show that Saeng is ready for the future. When they put in flowers, they are summing up the importance of the flower and how it relates to the way a girl feels happy or sad. However, when she says she swears...and takes the test again, she says she's ready for the future but will be open to new things so she can see she's gone. So the author ends with that paragraph, leaving the mystery and conclusion as to what happened.
The author ends the story with this, because it's winter + the flowers are gone, but she's grown more mature during the time she's been planting. Like the text says, what she thought was weird in the past is now more determined + she got the hang of things. As shes learn more about it+ will be ready for next spring's test.
The author uses this as the closing paragraph of the story, because next year at the same time she will be tested by life again.
The ending of the story helps determine the meaning of the story. This is the finale and will likely be remembered by readers. At the end of the story of Winter Hibiscus, the author ends with a paragraph of encouragement. The conclusion encourages you to keep trying, as it suggests that next year Saeng will retake the test when it blooms. This shows encouragement as there is an incentive to try again and pass. The author ends with a feeling of encouragement because it keeps the reader inspired. Her conclusion is strong and seems to encapsulate the meaning of the story, because all along, Saeng has been disappointed by the flower, and her mother and homeland have encouraged her to move on and try again. Use endings that make sense and show what the author is really trying to convey
In He Minfang's story "Winter Lotus", the protagonist is troubled by running away from home, and the culture, customs and even the food are different, so it is difficult for the protagonist to adapt to the new environment. The author summarizes the closing statement to show that she will not stop working to achieve her goals. She wants to take the test again to see if @MONTH1 has changed over time. The story is very emotional and expresses the great sadness that was finally overcome.
The author ends the story with a specific passage about the geese to show that Saeng will struggle to overcome her obstacles. @CAPS1 is disappointed to fail the exam, so she takes comfort in the memories of her hometown. She bought a hibiscus flower that she often sees in her hometown, and that flower @CAPS2 comforts and loves. But it's also @CAPS2 her ability to overcome obstacles, and when she planted hibiscus and saw geese flying above, she knew she had to try again.
The author says this because she will try to start her own garden. Another of her gardens didn't turn out well. The book says she needs her mother's help.
The writer ends the segment when Saeng realizes that she can miss her old home, but she needs to adjust to the new place she's in. Saeng's eyes of old memories of missing his hometown swept over her now. " But, she's starting to realize that not everything has changed, the same things are still familiar." Overhead, a flock of Canada geese fly by, the faint honk of horns is gone—yes—now familiar to Saeng. " When Saeng realized that nothing had changed, she gained the strength to carry on her new life in her new country.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it's a good way to end the story. At the end they discuss how saeng will come back when the snow melts and then she will take the exam again.
When they returned, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melted and the geese returned, this hibiscus was sprouting; then I would take that exam again. The author ends the story with this paragraph, because in the story it is about Saeng, who fails her driving test and notices a familiar plant, which leads her to a flower shop. When Saeng learned about the houseplant, it encouraged her to retake her driver's test and go there as if the snow had cleared and the sun was shining.
I think the author ended the story with this paragraph because she basically meant to say that in the spring when the snow disperses and the hibiscus starts to grow, she will test the plants again
The author ends the story this way to show that there is still hope for Saeng to succeed and adapt in this new country. She had many previous family ailments and missed her grandmother and mementos from her childhood. Saeng's homesickness is evident when she returns to her home and explains to her mother the nature of hibiscus. "She found herself still too shaking at home to speak, lest she burst into tears again." Saeng is uncomfortable living in @LOCATION1 and hopes to return to Vietnam. By the end, Saeng's attitude changed from despair to hope. Although she failed the driver's license test. Determined and wanting to at least do something in this new country, Saeng said "...then I'll take the exam again." Saeng has changed a lot in this story, and the change in attitude can be read from the last excerpt about geese seen in. "
I think he put this here because. I think he meant to say forget the first time when the snow melts. Your @NUM1 chance when the goose returns it. Then the hibiscus sprout is when you pass what you want to do.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because they're both talking about the cold or the weather and @CAPS1, so when the snow melts it's content to be talking about the weather or @CAPS1.
The author concludes the story this way because it shows how the protagonist is affected by the event or events in the story. At the beginning of the story, we learn that the protagonist failed her driving test. Also in the story, she spends a lot of money on a plant, much to the shock of her mother. Readers at the time would think she would be very sad and depressed. But because of her grandmother and her home country, she instead surprised readers by seeing the bright side of things and saying she will take the exam again when the flowers bloom again. This shows the connection between the protagonist and the plant. Giving plants a human presence.
I believe the author chose to end the story with that paragraph in order to illustrate the overall message of the story. This paragraph summarizes the message of determination and overcoming obstacles. Saeng comes from another country and faces challenges not only in the garden, but in her life as well. She has to learn how to adapt to her new environment and never give up on what she wants to accomplish. So, she said, "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again", which truly shows her determination and how she is not afraid to overcome the obstacles she will face.
The writer of this story ends the story this way because instead, she is pinning all her pain on the future. Aso looks to the future, she can forget the past and do better in the future.
The author ends the story with this article because she says "a flock of Canada geese fly by, their faint chirping clear", I think she means that even these geese fly by with their heads held high, even if Saeng's is not. "Next year when the geese come back from the snow, the hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again. She means she will not keep her head down and be grateful for her new home and over time. She looks at her hibiscus, she Memories will be found, but not sadness.
He ends the story with this paragraph for two reasons. One reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is that Saeng silently picked up a winter hibiscus, so she had to pass that driving test. Finally; the last reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is that she wants to try her driving test again so she can pass it so she can also drive while she passes it. These two reasons are so confusing that it's impossible to figure out what the author concluded with this sentence in the story.
I think the reason why the writer ended this section in the story is because he wanted to show Saeng's loneliness for the goose.
There are many possibilities as to why the author ended her story "Winter Hibiscus" the way she did. "Its flowers aren't that pretty, but it's strong enough to get through the cold months here..." This is what Saeng's mother said about the flowers Saeng bought unexpectedly. This line is almost repeated at the end. When Saeng made this vow, she happily told herself that she too was strong enough to survive winter and beyond. Also in the story, the author says "...she realized that many things she thought were strange now became...she is now almost familiar." By this sentence, the author shows that Saeng is of course still Missing her country dearly, she will finally adjust to her new home and get to work. When Saeng vowed to retake the exam in the spring, it was clear that she subconsciously said she could get through these difficulties. All she needs is time.
In the story of Winter Hibiscus, Saeng says she will take the exam again in the spring so she can walk home to see the flowers she finds. The story also mentions that in her past childhood, she had seen the same flowers in her country, but next time she takes her driving test, she wants to pass. This shows her disappointment, as the story says she paid more than $19 for the test. Her mother was surprised and yelled at her for a while. Saeng begins to cry, and her mother calms down to show her sympathy. Now she has the determination to take the exam again.
He Minfang, author of the Winter Hibiscus story, ends her story with @ORGANIZATION1's thoughts on spring, as she wants to make @ORGANIZATION1's future more hopeful. @ORGANIZATION1 The character looks dejected and always brings back memories of her Vietnam past. She "breaks down and weeps" when she sees hibiscus and jasmine, and she remembers her grandmother was fixing her hair when she smelled jasmine. To make Saeng worse, she failed her driving test, much to the disappointment of most teenagers. At this point in the story, I feel sorry for @ORGANIZATION1 and wonder if her situation will get better as she is far from everything she knew and loved, just some memories and a winter hibiscus, not like she was in The kind of Vietnam she has in her name. Then, on the last line, @ORGANIZATION1 suddenly feels hopeful about her future, "when the goose returns and this hibiscus is sprouting".
The last paragraph of the story "Winter Hibiscus" gives a sense of hope for the future. The girl, Saeng, has just failed the exam and is frustrated. Through a series of events, her depression left her and she felt hope. "Then I'll take that test again." Those last words showed Saeng's determination. She was upset about leaving home and about failing her exams, but thanks to a flower, she regained her confidence. Whenever someone is upset, it's easy to give up. Until the last paragraph, the tone of the story is depressing. When the author comes to a conclusion, it is like a light at the end of a dark tunnel. The author is saying that even when things are tough and seem impossible, there is something to lift your spirits. There is always a positive in the negative case, you just have to look for it.
Guess that means when winter or spring or whatever is harder to plant a garden. Or maybe it's some kind of challenge to get the garden to grow at that time of year. So I'm going to assume that's what it says.
The author included that sentence at the end of the story because throughout the story it shows courage and that explains how she got better and showed courage and she will go back and try to pass that test instead of letting it fail her her first Failed once.
For me, I have to say that the writer ends his story with this passage for a different reason. Explain that it could mean a fresh start or a fresh start. For example, when geese fly away and come back, that means @CAPS1 is changing. Having said that, @CAPS1 changing or restarting may mean his chances of taking the exam can be restarted and he will get another chance.
I think they thought it would bring them good luck
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows that if you have the willpower, you can overcome some things. Saeng failed the first test. She bought a plant that reminded her of home. She planted the plant despite the cold and hard ground. She realizes that what was once strange is now part of her everyday life. She decided to retake the exam. Saeng realizes that even if you @MONTH1 fail once, if you believe it, you have to keep trying. She also realizes that she will never forget her home, but she can still move on. In the end, Saeng realizes that good things can turn bad one day. After failing the exam, she bought the flower. The author ends the story with this paragraph because it sums up the story perfectly.
The author includes more than that at the end for a meaningful reason for Saeng. Hibiscus symbolizes everything, her home, her past and her comfort. Saeng felt that if flowers could bloom, so could she. This will allow her to adjust to her new home and retake her exams. It's also similar to hope, because if a plant can survive the winter and bloom in the spring, so can she. The author uses this to connect Saeng's feelings to the reality of blooming flowers.
The authors concluded that Saeng failed the test in the winter because the geese went south in the winter and came back in the spring, but she will retake the test when spring arrives. Since Saeng failed her driving test, seeing familiar plants means she will be back for the test. The geese have left, but will return when the season comes. Therefore, both Goose and Saeng have reasons to return to the north or retake the exam. The author added a statement at the end because the goose behaves like Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show how Saeng doesn't give up. Throughout the story, she's been in a low mood. She has missed Vietnam since she failed the exam. There are many things where she and her mother live that remind her of Vietnam. "She closed her eyes and breathed. Inside, Saeng could almost feel the soft strands of her grandmother's long gray hair..." It was a thrill to her to see how many things reminded her of Vietnam. The author ends this way to show how the experience of all this has affected her.
The author chose to end the story this way to inspire a sense of determination. Saeng got the plant, which reminded her of her hometown and cheered her up. Once the plant blooms, she feels the same for herself and is ready to be tested.
The author ends the passage with a very powerful statement. "Wait for the geese to return... In spring, when the snowmelt geese return, and when the hibiscus sprouts, I will take the test again." The statement shows renewal and persistence. I think she added this because after realizing that plants can come back again and again, even after bad weather, she knew she could. She swore to herself that when the day came again, she would be ready to renew herself and get back on track. It also conveys persistence. This plant does not die every season. It's hardy and it's back. If the girl can persevere and retake the exam next year, she will be considered persevering. I think this girl wants to be like a flower. She thought it was unrelenting, updated and beautiful. No matter where the plant is grown, it will always maintain these characteristics.
The author comes to the following conclusion because she wants the reader to know that saeng doesn't give up on the first failure. She's going to make it happen so her mother can be proud of her and show herself that she's working hard. It states that the saeng will be tested again in the spring when the snow melts, the geese return and this hibiscus is budding. Fleur is not only an important part of the story, but a very important part of her life, and it helps her continue to understand how things change because over time it changes and develops and adapts to the changes around her. Yes, it disappointed her mom, but she kind of understands why she brought the plants home. This may have comforted her in some way. A lot of different things could have happened where she was and she missed exams that were not at home. She has to adjust and adapt to her environment.
The author ends the story with that passage, because Saeng failed the test, and next time she comes back at that time of year, she will have another chance to pass the test. I say this because in the text it says she paid @MONEY1 for it and all the vegetable seeds in the garden didn't even cost that much. That's why I say she ends with that paragraph.
Next winter, when she has to plant something again, she'll be ready, and this time she's doing better.
The author included it because she was showing that it was winter, the flowers were about to bloom, and the geese were flying here because it was cold. The author also said that since the title of the story is called "Winter Hibiscus", it clearly blooms in winter, so I think the author is talking about what she did.
The author of the story "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with a sentence saying that when the first buds of Saeng's Hibiscus appear in the spring, she will come back to take her driving test. Maybe the author decided to end the story this way, because if the plant died, would she go back and get tested? The author probably just wants the reader to think about it. All in all, the author of the story of "Winter Hibiscus" may have ended his story, making it a little suspenseful.
The story ends with that sentence, because @CAPS1 draws strength from Fleur, next time she won't pass the test. During the time Hibiscus grows, she will also grow as a person, so will be ready for the test. The story says, "She even realized that the plant she had known but had forgotten pulled her back to her childhood world" (Ho). Saeng had a wonderful childhood and she was loved and supported. By seeing all these plants again, especially the hibiscus, she can draw strength from her memory. The memories that Hibiscus brings back are also very sad. "A sense of loss so deep and powerful that stinged Saeng's eyes now sweeps over her" (Ho), the story says. Going through all the grief again only made her stronger. Aside from seeing the hibiscus flowers, other things will prepare her for the test. The story says, “It felt smooth and cool, with a touch of velvet in the middle—just like she knew it” (Ho). The feeling of Fleur @MONTH1 reminds Saeng of those distant memories like helping her grandmother and her hair. All this will only make Saeng stronger so that she won't fail the next exam.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, because the spring snow has dispersed and she has another exam.
In the quote above, saeng is happy to be back. Saeng also said she would be ready to do it again if she had to.
I think the writer ended the story this way because it was cold outside. I also think what the author is trying to say is that it was cold outside when she wrote this letter and she won't be taking the exam until it gets warmer again because of the cold. "In spring, the snow melts and the geese return. This is the time when the hibiscus germinates. Then I will retake the test."
There are many reasons, the author said "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese come back and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." @CAPS1 The author said this because of this The girl gave up everything to come to this country, she cannot fail. "Finally, she can hold on," said Jill. But where did the finesse come from? Hibiscus hedges? She also said this because hedges were everything in her hometown except her mother, and when "hibiscus is budding" means It starts a new life, starts to grow leaves and the girl starts to grow and go on with her life.
The reason the author ends the story with this paragraph is that if the author had tried it again, now that they knew what they were doing, the outcome might have been much better. Also, if they try again, if it's profitable enough, they can sell it and make money so they'll keep doing it for years to come.
The writer of "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with Sanger's determination to show how determined Sanger is not to give up. The mention of spring flowers shows how Saeng will struggle to survive in the hardships represented by winter. Just as Seremban struggles to adjust to a new home, Saeng struggles to adjust to a new country, and the last paragraph provides a solution to the Saeng internal conflict throughout the story by implying that Saeng will succeed in taking the exam. All in all, the final paragraph of the Winter Hibiscus story offers a solution to the inconsistency in the story, showing the reader Sanger's determination.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows what Saeng will do and whether she will go to school. Saeng doesn't want to go to school because she will wait until the snow melts and the geese come back and this hibiscus is going upstream, she prefers gardening to school. And the garden reminds For about her homeland. @CAPS1 Saeng dug a hole and carefully put the hibiscus in it. What gave her a soft spot for her hometown was the pounding of eggs against the bowl, the sizzling of the hot oil in the pan, and the pungent smell of better melons wafting out. Another @CAPS1 She walked to the corner of the vegetable patch and started digging a hole in the ground, showing she cares about the garden.
The author ends her story with one sentence, "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I will take that test again." Because the author Showing that nature and plants are valuable to her. Saeng (who said this) believed that Hibiscus would help her pass the exam. Earlier in the story, it was shown that when she was in trouble, she would rub her hands on the leaves of the plants to help her overcome the problem. The author articulates this idea and depicts the idea that plants help Saeng overcome obstacles.
At the end of the story, the girl Saeng swears to herself that she will take a driving test next year. One reason she @MONTH1 swears to herself she will do it is to prove she can pass the exam. And the flowers she bought and planted, and reminiscing about all the good times she had in Vietnam gave her the confidence to go out and get what she wanted.
The author included this in the paragraph just to sarcasm you knowing that Saeng is almost impossible to retake the exam. I say this because she's sarcastic, meaning she won't take the test. For example, if someone tells me to take the test and I say that as soon as @LOCATION1 becomes president again, then I will take the test. It would be very ironic that it wouldn't happen and I didn't take the test, instead of just saying no. The author is included just to let you know that her chances of taking the test are very low.
The author included this paragraph to show the end of the story and to show that Saeng didn't give up. Ho wanted to show how plants and geese represent a continuation of Saeng's life in America. The geese will be back, the hibiscus will be blooming, and Saeng will re-enter and hopefully pass her dive test. This segment is not only a huge one, but a new beginning for geasse, Dong Hibiscus and Saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show the power and encouragement of @CAPS1. When she is willing and able, she will take the test again with more confidence. Saeng said this to herself to help her through until she could drive. She said she would take the exam next spring. By next spring, she will be able to drive. By next spring, she will be used to her new home. This paragraph tells you that it takes time to do something you don't always do right away, so keep trying.
It seems to me that the author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng was frustrated with not passing the driving test, but when she saw those flowers, she realized that when she came to @CAPS1, she forgot her hometown. So instead of rushing, she decided to re-engage with the natural side and postpone the exam until spring.
I believe the writer ended the story with that passage and she still has hope of finding home and happiness. The hibiscus plant in her mind is a symbol of home and a fond memory with her grandmother. So when the plants sprout, she'll feel like she's back home and happy, and that's when she's going to take her driving test. Furthermore, that passage indicated that she was slowly getting used to her new home and way of life, "A flock of Canada geese flew by, their faint honking horns were deer, yes, familiar to Saeng now. She realized, almost reluctantly, that many of her What used to be considered strange, after quiet season after season, is now almost familiar to her, like these geese." With these examples, I believe the narrator put the last paragraph there to show that Saeng fits in Her new way of life, and her acceptance of her situation.
The author ends the story with this paragraph to show that saeng didn't give up on testing. For example, she said "I will take the test again". This shows that she wants to take the exam and pass it. Saeng plans to wait until spring comes and the snow melts before taking the exam. At the beginning of the box above, it talks about her taking the exam. It then ended with her taking the exam again.
At the end of "Winter Hibiscus", the author He Minfang concluded: "When they came back, Sang silently swore to himself that in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return, this hibiscus is sprouting. Then I will test it again. .The author ends the story in such a way to reveal the hope for Saeng's future. After failing his driving test, Saeng goes home with disappointment and sadness. However, the last paragraph suggests that soon Saeng's luck will change. To the reader Leaving a hint that Saeng will retake her exam and pass. Also, this closing paragraph reflects Saeng's determined personality overcoming many obstacles, she is @CAPS1. This paragraph proves that even though she is forced to live in the US instead of Her home, and she won't give up. Her success in adjusting to her new life is reflected in the phrase, "Almost reluctantly, she realizes that many of the things she thought were strange before had become...almost familiar." ". The real Saeng is a determined character.
The author ends the story with this paragraph. This story is about a girl who misses her home country. This paragraph implies that the girl will adjust to her new country by the next @DATE1. Stories and passages show the strength of girls to overcome difficulties. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
The authors let us/readers know that give plans to do the same again next year when the show is over, when the geese come back and wait until it's warm enough for the hibiscus to sprout/bloom again! Author @MONTH1 is also closing this sentence to show that this is life for small gift choices and she will be keeping up with new gardening until next spring!
Saeng ends the story with that paragraph because it shows what she just went through and feels she can go through it again. If she fails her driving test again, then she uses the plants to overcome her problems. She @MONTH1 actually passed the test this time. The unique plants showed that she was stronger than she thought, and now she is comfortable believing that these plants evoke memories of her childhood.
She shows that she loves her grandmother, and she loves that they love gardening and things like that. Her mother cared about her, but she was really strict.
The author ends the story in such a way that the reader's eyes are opened. It shows the reader that despite what happened to @MONTH1, how bad things look and how hopeless you feel, there is always a way to make it better. Saeng failed the exam, in new land, lost his grandmother, but still intends to try again. Like the waves on the shore, they will always try to wash away the sand by coming back again. Like these waves, Saeng is willing to try again, and we should all be.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because that season is over and a new one has begun.
"When they return, Sheng silently swears to himself that in spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." This sentence means that once the bud she will be tested again because saeng will have the courage and will to do it because she knows she will pass it. The flower represented something to her, it gave her motivation and determination. Everyone has something that can change their life to keep them going and saeng has her plants. The author gives you direction and ideas as to where the story will go when it buds.
Not only is Saeng disappointed in failing to pass her driving test, she is also frustrated and misses her home in Vietnam. On the way home, she found a small piece of Vietnam in America. She bought beautiful winter hibiscus, or saebba, to remind her of her past. The end of the story combines two different countries, cultures and almost the world she lives in. When she said "when they come back" she was referring to the geese. For her, the goose symbolizes her life at @LOCATION2 and how she's used to it. Hibiscus is also a symbol of her life. It is a symbol of her life and past in Vietnam. It brought back memories and buying this plant was like getting a small piece of home. When "Hibiscus is budding", she will try the test again. When the tiny house gets bigger, she'll try again. She is ready when she is relatively stable in the @CAPS1 culture and get has a relatively solid grasp of herself.
I believe the author ends the story with this paragraph because I think it shows that Saeng is not a quiet person. Saeng can't wait for Hibiscus to come back. When Fleur returns, she will retake the exam and prove to her mother that she can do it.
The reason why the author ends the story with this paragraph is because when Saeng sees the geese, she knows that when spring comes, she will be ready to get different flowers. She also recalled when she was in her hometown, when she could see flowers growing out of the ground. Although she is in the city now, she thinks the flowers will bloom like those in her hometown, and she misses her dearly. Finally, she describes flowers as her friends. She also remembers "Madagascar periwinkle" growing wildly from cracks in brick walls or tiled roofs. Basically, the author says she's ready to find other plants she remembers in her hometown.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with this passage, which depicts the development of Sanger's character. The story begins with Saeng frustrated by failing to pass his driving test. However, this closing paragraph depicts the changes Saeng has undergone. In the text, Saeng proves not well adapted to the change from Vietnam to @LOCATION2. She found solace in a winter hibiscus flower native to Vietnam. By ending the winter hibiscus in the closing paragraph ("...this hibiscus is sprouting..."), the author depicts Saeng's shift in attitude and her acceptance of @LOCATION2. Saeng now feels that, like Hibiscus returning after winter is over, she will be able to return and pass her driving test. Also, the last paragraph describes Saeng's new adaptation to the @LOCATION2 creature. Saeng hadn't touched Canada geese before her vision for @LOCATION4. In her concluding statement, Saeng mentions that these creatures show her adaptation to @LOCATION2 ("...when the snow melts, the geese return..."). This shows Saeng's development and adaptation to the new environment. At first, it was difficult for Saeng to leave her native Vietnam and embrace the @CAPS1 culture. However, the last paragraph summarizes the notable changes Saeng has undergone. In this way, the author includes this paragraph to illustrate the character development Saeng experienced.
They end the story with this because winter is over and spring is here and it will be beautiful again
The author finally said: "When they came back, Sang silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snow melts and the geese come back, this hibiscus is sprouting." Then I will test it again. @ CAPS1 Then she will become more familiar. For example, the author said: "She realizes almost reluctantly that many of the things she thought were strange, through quiet repetition season after season, are now almost to her. familiar. " That told me she felt she would become more familiar with driving over time and then she would take the test again. Then she @MONTH1 passed
The author of Winter Hibiscus decided to end the story this way because she wanted to connect the theme of new beginnings. Saeng is a new member of @LOCATION1 and is having difficulty adapting. She misses everything about her hometown, from her grandmother to the old plants there. Saeng failed her driving test, so she felt all was lost. But the hibiscus plant helped her realize she had another chance. Hibiscus can survive winter and bloom in spring, which is what Saeng realizes she has to do. The last paragraph said: "In spring, the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and the hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." Spring is a new beginning: the wild geese return from the south, the flowers begin to bloom, and Saeng can retake the driving test. In the last paragraph, Saeng realizes that she too wants a fresh start in order to bring me spring. In conclusion, the last paragraph ties the new beginning theme to the story. It shows @CAPS1's new awareness and how Hibiscus inspired it.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph to show that saeng really wants to pass the test. You know this when it says "in the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, the students crumble and cry." This passage shows that she does not want to fail. When Saeng came home with white buds in her pot, her mother saw her crying. Then her mother was going to plant the plants in the ground and then use a shovel to do it herself. Make her realize she can take it again
The author ends the story with this paragraph for several reasons. First, when hibiscus sprouts in spring, it means the plant is about to bloom. It also means that Saeng will be ready to take the exam again in the spring. The last paragraph also goes last, because if the plant can make it, the girl can pass her driver's test and be happy both ways.
I think the author ends the story with this paragraph because the author says it's going to be a @CAPS1 year, or something changes that he feels might be better than what they did and will take that test again.
The author ends this paragraph by emphasizing the new beginning that saeng is looking for. She was very disappointed when she failed her driver's license test. & Hibiscus is what makes her happy. She needs a new beginning to start over in a new country. Flowers, flowers, snow, geese, trials all symbolize new beginnings and challenges, geese and snow represent the change of seasons, budding hibiscus represents a new life, & exams The passage represents a milestone in Saeng's life. Closing the story with this paragraph makes the reader look forward to something new and exciting happening with saeng.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, explaining to the reader that she is not gardening and that she will go back when it blooms again. She's not done yet. She would rather go to the garden than go to school. This is the author's summary of the last paragraph of the story.
The author ends the story with a few words "then I'll take the test again". Because she wants us to know that she won't let go of what has failed. She will keep going until she successfully passes the "test."
The author concludes the final paragraph of the story because she already knows she shouldn't be afraid to try a new life or a new environment. In the story, for example, the mother says: "Its flowers are not pretty, but it's strong enough to get it through the cold months. Here, the hibiscus this winter." This shows that the mother wants Saeng to know that even in difficult times When the time comes, Saeng should also be strong. Another example is when the narrator says, "She realizes a lot of things that she thought were strange before, through quiet repetition season after season..." it shows that Saeng is right to realize the new place she's leaving now almost and Their hometown is the same - anyway, the last paragraph tells Saeng to face the new reality of the world. She should be strong and follow the flow of life.
The author concludes the story for an internal adjustment. Saeng's memory is expressed through the one in Seremban. Spring is a season when everything is refreshed. Like spring, Saeng's hope will recover and thrive, and when the hibiscus sprouts, he will be able to try the test again with greater strength and inspiration.
The author of "Winter Hibiscus", with the protagonist Sang, vowed to take the driving test in spring when the hibiscus blooms. It's a way to show readers that Saeng won't give up even after this story is over. The author included the idea of hibiscus when it was in full bloom, because hibiscus is a symbol of Saeng's power. Hibiscus flowers are common in her home country, and the hibiscus flowers she bought reminded her of everything she left behind when she came to @LOCATION1 from Vietnam. Saeng is trying to embrace her new way of life and use hibiscus as a tool to help her through tough times. After Saeng bought the flower, she vowed to retake her failed driving test when spring arrives. Spring is a symbol of new beginnings. Saeng also believes that if Hibiscus can survive the winter at @LOCATION1, so can Saeng. The conclusion of this story uses a lot of imagery suggesting that Saeng will be strong and continue to live in @LOCATION1.
The author who resonated ended the story with this paragraph, because I failed the test, making it a little bitter for you to learn to appreciate nature.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because Saeng will be back in the flowers again in the spring.
The author states the idea because if you can't do it once, do it again. First, if you take an exam and fail it the first time, do it again and you will be able to pass. For example, in the story, Saeng couldn't pass the exam, so they could ask her to take the exam again to see if she could pass. Second, she can ask for help or use books and study. For example, if you study hard enough, it will help you pass more easily. That's what I think the statement means.
The author closes the story with this paragraph for how it will begin and end each year.
It is believed that the author ends the story with this paragraph, because the author wants to express to the readers that Saeng has been comforted by Hibiscus and is willing to try again. She is more open to the situation now. At the beginning of the story, Saeng is frustrated and annoyed that she failed her driver's license test. For example, "Tears on her daughter's cheeks and puffy eyes. I failed the test," Saeng told her mother. Clearly, she was frustrated and disappointed with herself. The author did not want to end the story with a sad, unsatisfactory ending. Saeng changes her attitude towards exams at the end of the story. For example, "When they come back, Sonn silently swears to herself that in spring, when the snow melts, the wild goose returns, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will take the test again." I believe this attitude is due to the memory of her motherland Soothed her and her mother. In conclusion, the author ends the story with this to teach the reader a lesson that change happens and time heals.
The author of the story "Winter Hibiscus" ends the story with an inspirational paragraph as he/she wants to show Reed that Saeng is determined to adjust to her new life and new home and overcome common obstacles like the driving test. There was time to solve her problem, so she bought a hibiscus because it reminded her of home. I think "the wild goose has returned, this hibiscus has sprouted, then I will take the test again". The last paragraph is a symbol of growth and overcoming obstacles. The end of the story is a happy one.
I think the writer ends the story with this paragraph because when the snow melts and the goose returns, her confidence in taking and passing the exam will be higher. Later in the story, the geese flew away after she failed the test. So when the goose comes back, the goose will remind her of what just happened. When the snow melts and spring comes, the hibiscus will bloom again.
The story "Winter Hibiscus" returns new hope in spring, comforting to believe that, as she said in the story, "In spring, when the snow melts, the geese return, and this hibiscus sprouts, I will take that test again." She listened to Brings new hope to life when Hibiscus returns to be tested. Hibiscus here means hope. Secondly, when she says "the goose is back, this hibiscus is sprouting," she means, it's a comfort to her, it's stronger than hope, if her mom helps her own blue, because It's not easy to do without mom's comfort. Finally she said: "Canada geese fly by, their faint whistles are loud, yes, it's familiar to saeng now. She realizes, almost reluctantly, that many of the things she used to think are strange, after season after season The quiet repetition of , it's almost familiar to her now." She means, the season is coming, the hibiscus will grow up, she will regain her courage and strength, she needs to take the test, and the hibiscus is coming to her Saying it matters means hope, comfort, and belief.
Returning from a failed driving test, Saeng is relieved to have found a hibiscus flower. It allows @CAPS1 to bring back a treasure of Saeng's hometown as it is very similar to the flowers grown in her hometown. The author compares Saeng to the hibiscus with "When they come back, Saeng silently swears to himself that when the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus sprouts, then I will do another test." Like Saeng, Seremban has to work hard to adapt to her new environment. The authors show that Saeng recognized this connection and was inspired. In Saeng's view, if Hibiscus can be moved, so can she.
The story of "Winter Hibiscus" is a long-standing metaphor, as much a connection to a comforting past as it is to anticipation and the future. Saeng misses her hometown, but she has to learn to adapt to her environment and pass her driving test. The story ends nicely with Saeng's promise to herself that she will take the exam again next spring. The hibiscus flower itself generates this commitment, as it gives her some sense of closure and evokes some nostalgia. Saeng's commitment shows she has come to terms with her situation. She had some epiphanies about the seasons when she saw Canada geese flying. "Almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things she used to think were strange had become...it's almost familiar to her now." I think it's a milestone for Saeng, and the conclusion speaks volumes about allowing Change.
In Minfong Ho's Winter Hibiscus, Saeng has a deep emotional connection to the memories and flashbacks Hibiscus brings to her. At one point in the story, she weeps for her grandmother as the hibiscus plant brings back awareness of the memory. Later in the story, she brings the plant to her mother. @PERSON1 was upset at first, but then she began to understand her daughter's behavior and feelings. Saeng was sad that she didn't pass the exam, and her mother understood that. I think the author ends the story this way because he wants the reader to see that because hibiscus is so important to Saeng and reminds her of her past, she will have reason and motivation to continue and reach her goals.
As winter approaches, the geese are heading south. Plants lose leaves there. Saeng said she would take the test again. It seems that when the wild goose returns and the hibiscus sprouts, it will give her hope and confidence. Especially hibiscus, because it reminded her of her hometown and her grandmother, and tears welled up in her eyes when she first saw it and held its leaves. When it comes back next year, it will rejuvenate her.
The writer ends the story with this paragraph because she thinks it will explain well what happened to saeng.
The author ends her story with the last paragraph because it shows the relationship between saeng and habiscas, and what it's like to see it. It also shows that habiscus inspires her because it reminds her of her hometown and she loves her so much, it's like having a physical memory of her hometown
The author talks that when the geese are ready, they will come back, and when the flower is ready, it will start to sprout and grow. When she's ready, she'll take the exam, that's what it's said. She explained that she needs time, like a goose and a flower. So you can compare saeng to goose and hibiscus because they also take time to be ready to do what they do to some extent. In a way, the saeng has shaped the two objects into one.
I think the author ends this sentence as a closing remark because it symbolizes how girls foresee things. The girl meant that the geese came back, and when the hibiscus flower sprouted, it meant that it was going to warm up again, and @CAPS1 meant that when it was warm again, her spirits would be lifted, because it reminded her of her hometown. I think by reminding her of her home country it will help her take the exam easier because she will be happier. @CAPS1 I think it will help her do better on the exam. Like the author says in the story that flowers bring her comfort @CAPS1 I think comfort is the best way to succeed and pass the test. In conclusion, I think the author ends the story this way because he wants the reader to understand the connection to the girl and her homeland, and how the flower comforts her.
The author ends the story with that paragraph because it sounds like an interesting ending paragraph that is relevant to the story
I think the writer ends the story with this sentence because it shows that she is adjusting to a new place. @CAPS1 shows she doesn't want to give up. Just like the geese never give up flying back and forth in winter and spring.
In the short story "Winter Hibiscus," Saeng decides to retake his failed driving test in the spring. She does this because she takes comfort in the mild weather of spring. It reminds her of home, and Saeng's attachment to home is very close. It reminds me of all the places I've been, and the places I still remember my favorites. Like Saeng, I buy items that remind me of my hometown Saeng's commitment to her hometown makes me feel less different when I miss my hometown.
The writer ends the story with that paragraph because Saeng will start over and do it better the second time because she doesn't want to let herself down. That's why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
I think the author ends the story this way because it shows a new beginning. Spring is here and everything is revived. Plants grow back, animals reappear, and the sun is shining. It was a new beginning for them, so it was for her. She could try again because it gave her another chance. Another reason he ends the story this way is because Saeng loves nature. Maybe when nature comes back to her, it will give her hope and confidence to pass the exam.
The last paragraph of the story is: "When they came back, Saeng silently swore to himself that in spring, when the snowmelt geese return and this hibiscus germinates, then I will take the test again." I think the Ended this story to show that she was adapting and starting to embrace the change. I think it's because throughout the story she's depressed and doesn't really like the change. "And in the warm and humid shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and cried," it said. The last paragraph seems to be optimistic about the return of the blooming goose, as if she is beginning to accept the change. In my opinion, the author added that paragraph to end the story to show that Saeng is starting to embrace change and remain optimistic.
Saeng told her mother that she failed the exam. What does she have to make up for. By helping in grades. Mom came in and started making dinner.
The author concludes that when the goose comes back, she will take the test because she believes she will be ready for the test and then it will be easier in the spring. This will give her more time to study and study and hopefully her mind will be more focused instead of thinking about her home. It will be easier to complete the driver's test in the spring. She feels bad, like she's letting her mom down by failing, "I'm just staring at the hibiscus", which shows she's ashamed to even look at her mom. So next spring she wants to make her mom happy and pass because she'll be ready.
The author chose this paragraph because it means that when the snow melts and the geese return, the flowers bloom @CAPS1. The flower she had to test on @CAPS2.
The author ends the story with the paragraph she wrote; telling people to never give up. This is how she tells people to never give up because she eventually realizes that she will be ready. The lines in the story ".. slowly disappear into the distance". Probably means she realizes what's going on; happens and never stops doing or going where you want to go. Another reason she @MONTH1 uses it is that you have friends and family to pick you up even when you're feeling down. The line "… repeats quietly through season after season.". This basically says she just needs to get into the routine and she can do it.
The author ends the story with this sentence because she wants to contrast flowers with tests. To finish the show, she'll try season after season like the goose that comes back every year. Because she's trying to make one? ? ? Show that she has not given up and that she will continue to work hard year after year. Also, it says the girl has determination and she won't stop trying until she gets it right. Next, the last paragraph can tell you the whole story. In the end, I think it gives a sense of the whole story.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, so the reader has some ideas. When the author ends with something like that, he/she wants the reader to make their own ending or pridicshon there. Sometimes it means a sequel.
The author ends the story with this paragraph because it makes the story a happy ending, how she doesn't give up and take the test again. She didn't want to disappoint her mother either, she wanted to make her happy and give the exam a second chance.
She ended it with this statement, showing that she was ready to relive spring in her new country, as she was comforted by the hibiscus. The test is getting used to the new country, and she thinks the failure is because she has to be comforted by native plants, but she believes she will pass the test next year because each repetition this season will make her more comfortable with the new culture. When she says, "When the snow melts, the geese come back, and this hibiscus is sprouting, I'll take that test again." All of this tells her it's a new year and makes her more receptive to what's going on.
She realizes that things come and go, but also change. The world around her has changed in content times of the year. She can't control it. She also had to deal with living in a new country. For Saeng, living in a new country is tough. She had to eat new foods, hear new sounds, and see things she had never seen before. Failing the driving test was difficult for her. Not knowing what was going on in the lounge and around her was hard on her. The world around her is not what we want. She knew she had to change herself and work harder to get what she wanted.
The author ends the story with that paragraph to let the reader know that she didn't give up. In the story, she seems to have thoughts of giving up, but when she thinks that she is going to give up, her thoughts about her motherland comfort her. But in the final paragraph of the story she confirmed that she hadn't given up.
I think the author ends the story this way because they are beautiful `@CAPS1 gave her good luck because @NUM1 times she didn't know they were theirs
To me it's like people who say they have to go through a lot and they feel like they're getting tested or something or maybe someone leaves her and she really loves because it says "when they come back" so @CAPS1 thinks someone @MONTH1 has left or something. "The reason I say @MONTH1 people feel like they're getting tested because it says 'I'll take the test again'.
The author ends the story with this, as it shows that she is still uncomfortable. For example, when she fell at the flower shop. It goes to show that even though things can remind her of home, it's not the same. You have to get used to and adapt to a new place. It also shows that she believes that with more time to adjust to her new home, she will be able to pass the exam.
The authors use this conclusion for a reason. The reason the author uses this choppy conclusion is to keep the reader interested and wanting more. By saying "I will take the test again", the author makes the reader question whether Saeng will pass the test next time, and the reader will wonder what "exam" is.
The author ends the story with this paragraph, presumably because she doesn't want the snow to melt and the geese not to come back. Also, I think it wants to tell the reader what Saeng thinks.
The author ends the story with this sentence for a specific reason. The authors wanted to show how this plant gave Saeng a new kind of determination. Saeng was upset before and tore the plant apart. But it seems she realizes how plants can sprout and survive. So she is now also determined to overcome the difficulties and retake the exam she failed.
In this Narciso Rodriguez memoir, @PERSON3's life, the mood that encapsulates it all, is great and shows how his parents have given him love throughout his life. Both his parents were born and raised in Cuba, and in 1956 they both immigrated to the United States. Start their lives over and take whatever job they can find. Then in 1961, @PERSON2, @CAPS1. born in. Both parents raised him with love and care and introduced his Cuban background into his life. When @PERSON2 tells his story, all readers know how wonderful it is for him to have a family like his. Plus, he shows respect for his non-blood family as he shares his memories of how his parents' lives have changed since moving to @LOCATION2.
Author Narciso Rodriguez manages to maintain a single overall mood in his excerpt from Home the Blueprints of Our Lives. In many parts of the story he talks about how much he loved his childhood, so it strikes me as nostalgic, but nowhere emphasizes his desire to go back in time. He always declared how loving and selfless his family was, how they helped others, and how he was "family" with his neighbors. Because of this, I found a tone of love and admiration for his parents. That's because he says how his parents were brave enough to leave their life in Cuba behind so he could have a better life. Narciso Rodriguez also spoke many times about how his parents helped so many people in need. In Rodriguez's place, I would have loved and admired my parents equally for their selfless behavior and upbringing of their son.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. The authors found that families are not necessarily related by blood. In the author's community, "despite customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures come together in solidarity and friendship" (@NUM1). The authors love their parents because they "are, like many immigrants, for a better life for their children" (@NUM2). The author is very grateful to her parents "who came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture" (@NUM3). The author's parents moved to @LOCATION1 and "turned this simple house into @NUM4", giving him a good life.
The sentiment created by the author shows how Cubans live and their cultra and how they live, some people from other cultra may be different, @CAPS1 don't care about their cultra, while some do care about their cultra like narciso parents . This is what the author wants to express. And some people should respect their culture instead of @CAPS2 being a different culture.
The emotions created in the memoir are happiness and gratitude. Narciso is grateful to his parents for moving to @LOCATION1 and still giving his Cuban house a warm and happy feeling. His parents passed on their culture to him, and he's glad they did. Narciso is happy to live in the home they used to live in, and all the opertunities he had as a child. He is grateful that his family always gets together for a feast of Cuban music, events and food. His parents gave up their jobs and had to start their lives all over again. Narciso is also grateful that he has learned the true definition of "family." He is also very grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
Mood will definitely help you feel and understand the story better. Because of the way the author states his thoughts, the emotions are a mix of happiness and sadness. Such as "I'll never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home" makes me sad because he's grown up and now it's all just memories, but he keeps those happy ones . Most other thoughts, such as "I will thank my parents for their love and sacrifice," carry the same reasons for happiness or sadness. However, sayings like "my parents came to this country with such courage and without any knowledge of language or culture" make me happy that his parents were so determined. Overall, the main idea is to remember the good and bad times in his life, and the mood for this idea is happy/sad.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, he/she incorporates love and passion into emotions. You can talk about this with Narciso's enthusiasm and intensity about certain things. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, form the backdrop for life in our warm house." Naxi can be felt in this sentence alone Soo's passion and love for their home. Narciso put a lot of love and gratitude into the @NUM1 and @NUM2 segments when talking about his/her parents. "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family'...I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home." These two sentences are likely Narciso's memoirs The strongest sentence in the book is also two of the most passionate and meaningful. As you can see, in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives", the emotions Narciso is in is love and passion.
In the excerpt, the emotion created by the author is love. Love for family and love for each other. The author talks about his parents in a loving and respectful way, "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." The author describes his parents' efforts to make himself and his life better Good and experienced everything. In doing so, they transformed the apartment into a place of love and care that he will never forget, and more importantly pass on that love to him. The author also talks about his "family" and the love between them, "My parents always open their arms and doors to many who we consider family..." The author's "family" isn't exactly blood. Many are friends, but very close friends who become like family and are always welcome. Finally, the author talks about his community, "In our community, despite the customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." No matter what nationality they are, the community is very tight-knit connected and understood each other. It is these basic principles of friendship, trust, love and caring that have been passed on by many to the author of this excerpt and give the excerpt a loving sentiment.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of gratitude and luck. Narciso Rodriguez talks about how lucky he is to have his parents and his Cuban heritage. From the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 is saying that @CAPS1 is very happy and lucky to have his parents as parents, which is the main sentiment of the memoir. Another emotion that Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoir is happiness. @CAPS1 said how wonderful it was to grow up with family and made this story a joy. @CAPS1 also said that his family has a lot of people in his neighborhood as well. @CAPS1 great to have a wonderful family. In the @NUM2 segment, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the family and friends of the congregation, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our warm home." @CAPS2 is Rodriguez on Two emotions created in his memoirs.
The author maintains a general mood. The emotions depicted in the story are that family and friends are very important and they help you become who you are in the future. That's why the author emphasizes that he is very grateful to his family for coming to @LOCATION1 to give him a better life, and his friends for coming to share their culture. The author also said that it is important to remember his Cuban origin and culture, even at @LOCATION1. That's why he said "...and a love of cooking that lives on to this day (and I'm forever grateful for that). Passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) fills the air with a mix of aromas , the kitchen." The author also said that home is where memory is, and if you grow up, you should never forget it.
The mood the author creates in this story is @CAPS1 sad mood, but also @CAPS2, @CAPS3 who is getting a new home and a new life @CAPS3 his parents @CAPS5 @CAPS6.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one that is very warm and lighthearted. The author tells you the way his parents; their selflessness and the way they put their children first really reminds you of your own parents, how good they were to you and what they would do for you. The way the author talks about his home makes you think of all the colors in the house. I think the interior of this house will be golden yellow, white, brown and orange red. It reminds me of the way they cook. They cook with colorful peppers, onions, tortillas and oil. It makes you think about what colors you have in your home and what you would use for cooking. Music sounds great. Even if they don't show what it actually sounds like, you can easily imagine it. I imagined it lying in the background, all the adults cooking, the kids playing in the colorful room, and the golden sunlight streaming in through the open windows. I love the mood this memoir brings me.
The mood of the memoir is very optimistic, how happy is the mood of @PERSON1. Growing up in a very Cuban family in Newark, New Jersey, tells the story of how Narciso spent her childhood. This memoir truly highlights Narciso's connection and love with her parents and home. It kind of makes you think the house is more than just walls and ceilings, maybe it's part of a family.
Describe the author's mood in the memoir. Arthur's mood in his memoirs. It's because her parents have been making movies, so it's hard for her to grow up. When Bei was twenty-seven years old. Narciso Rodriguez lived with her family, she lived in a separate room, and when she was growing up, she grew up with racism. Growing up, her parents taught her how to cook, and the first thing she learned was how to love someone
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is happy, pleasant and worth living. I said it was nice because they had family to stay with and other friends who could help them. I say delightful because the writer talks about how they (the protagonists) spent their first birthday and first friend. If I were that person and my first friend, I would enjoy all my birthdays. I also say it's worth living because they have food on the table every day. There is nothing about struggle in the memoir. That's why I interpret this mood as happy, joyful and worth living.
The emotions the author creates in this memoir is a lot of love and care for their friends, family and everyone around them, for example it says how his mom always opened doors for those who are going through hard times or until they come back and stand up , because she knew they would do the same for her and her family. The mood is also very grateful because Narciso admires everything he has done in his life and the people he has helped, he is grateful for all the friends he has and they care for him and his family, he is grateful for every a chance. This sentiment also shows how small things can become big inside because Narciso has done so much in the small place he lives.
In this memoir, the author creates a mood. The mood is love. The author loves his parents for what they did to come to @LOCATION1. He really appreciates what they've done for him, he really appreciates it. The author describes the "warmth" of his kitchen. How it is full of love and culture. The aroma of their parents' cooking and the music from his culture, he loved it. The author also describes how his family @CAPS1 is close, their friends. their love for each other. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us," the memoir says. @CAPS1 They don't think real family..... .family. They help each other, family and friends, that's what creates the mood of love. @CAPS1, in this memoir, the author creates a mood and its love.
The author of this memoir created an emotion about family. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved," the quote told the author of Creation The sentiment makes readers realize how hard their parents go to give their children a better life and education. "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family,'" which also made the reader feel like there's more to family than @MONTH1 seems. That family gave a life and taught love. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," this quote tells us that home isn't just a place for @MONTH1 to live, it's about the relationships built there. These are some of the emotions the author creates in his memoirs.
The mood created by this author is obviously very full. The author shows how he (narciso) never stops saying thank you. He really loves how his parents made him feel and what they did for him. His parents moved into a place he could call home for Narciso, which kept him in an infinitely good mood. Narciso is in a very good mood, and I mean endless thanks to him for everything he does to his parents. In this short autobiography, Narciso lets readers feel and know that he is satisfied with his life. Because this short story creates a great mood. You'll understand how he feels when you read this article several times, "I will always be grateful to my parents..."
The mood the author sets in his memoir is one where home is home, like a great family, great friendships/relationships and a feeling of open arms. He mentioned his parents always helping friends and family in need and their selflessness towards others. He talked about how he and his family used to get together for dinner. He said he was grateful for the generosity of his parents when he was young. He gives readers a sense of comfort and generosity, and he is deeply grateful to his family for the spirit, generosity, and selflessness he has shown to people.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are gratitude, joy and love. The mood is grateful, because the author's parents are such wonderful people, and the author admires them very much. The author even said: "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice. The mood is also very happy, because the author lives in a humble house, but there is always music in it, and he is influenced by his culture. . "Full of Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. "After all, a house is just a 'home' if you feel welcome and loved, and that's exactly what the author said. In the end, the mood is loving, because in his home, his parents welcomed anyone who needed help. People. The example in the memoir is, "My parents opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family, knowing that they would do the same to us. "Overall, the author has maintained a lively mood and is definitely happy, despite the fact that happiness has been going through difficult times like quarantine.
In the memoir, the author creates a very optimistic mood. He was obviously very grateful to his family and had a happy childhood. He points out parts of his family and situations that may have worked against him growing up, but then he eliminates those negatives by noticing the positive aspects of each situation. For example, he wrote in his memoirs about how his family immigrated to the United States and how they found good jobs in Cuba, but had to start over with low-paying jobs once they got here. He said it was difficult for them, but he found a positive way to look at the situation. To that end, he wrote about how his parents' situation taught them and him to always work hard and never give up. So overall, he created a depressing story with a pattern of optimism and joy. He even lets the story teach you lessons about hard work and the importance of family and giving to others.
The atmosphere created by the memoirists is cozy and family-oriented. From the outset, the author describes the home as a way of life, not a physical space. The author's "parents created our traditional Cuban home, part of which is the kitchen" (@NUM1). Here, the home is described more as a part of the family than as a building. To enhance the feeling of family, the author includes a hospitable story: "My parents always keep arms and doors open to the many people he considers family" (@NUM2). Hospitality is one of the best qualities needed to make a home a home, and the author really stretches that. The atmosphere created by the memoirists is cozy and family-oriented.
Author Narciso Rodriguez creates a very happy mood in his memoir. One reason for being in a good mood is the environment. Narciso described his house and said: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm home." The author describes a A home full of many good friends and fond memories. Another reason is how grateful the author sounds. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved," it said . Had to give up everything, but they did it for their children and their new life. The authors are glad they did. Furthermore, the author believes that the house gave him a family. @CAPS1 said: "It was here that I learned the true definition of the word 'family'. I will be forever grateful for that." @CAPS1 learned a lot in this house and felt very grateful for it Happy. In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, @CAPS1 creates a very happy mood.
According to this memoir, the mood the author created was an inexplicably good mood. In this post, a young man named @PERSON1 and his life from then to now. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, he said that he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. And how he always told them that what they did was a braver thing than me. Plus, Cuban music is so passionate, so beloved, and how his parents turned a simple house into a home. Therefore, this is the mood created by the author.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates is joy and gratitude. His parents taught him a lot about his Cuban background, such as cooking and music. His parents gave up a lot to comfort Narciso and keep him at home. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." His parents also turned their house into someone else's home. "My parents were always open to the many people we considered family." Narciso's parents would take in anyone who needed shelter until they got back on their feet. Narciso's parents love the community very much and did everything they could to help build this place in their home.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a mood of seriousness, joy and gratitude. The author was serious enough that his family had to go through financial and personal problems. However, the authors are happy that they live in a friendly and unified community with other immigrants from different countries. The author expresses gratitude for his parents' hard work and giving him a new life. The memoir presents a good mood and an accurate portrayal of childhood.
@PERSON1 is in a happy and beautiful mood. @PERSON1 is grateful because he keeps his family together and his parents are open to culture. He is happy because his life would be better if they stayed in Cuba. That's the mood of @PERSON1.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the mood and feeling of her home and community is one of joy and warmth. Most people who live in a small apartment in the city would say it's too small and cramped, and while they would have liked a mansion on the sea, Narciso was very happy in that setting. As she describes it, there are always great smells, sad music and great people around. Narciso said her parents were the ones who contributed most to her traumatic experience in New Jersey. They support and care for her while struggling with money. They never showed sadness, they loved her and cared about her. Even though Narciso lives in a small apartment in the city, she and her family show that you can be your best in any situation.
In memoir @PERSON1 it talks about making the house home and community, your family. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties" (@NUM1 paragraph) @NUM1 paragraph goes on to talk about how to grow a community in Italian, Spanish and Cuban cultures, throwing Open up all the differences and make the community a family. Rodriguez talks very passionately and has only good things to say about his childhood. The mood of the memoir is that Rodriguez reminisces about his culture-filled childhood. "I learned the true definition of 'family.' For this, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love" (Article 7) This book The memoir is about his life and reflects all the experiences of his family. He wrote his memoirs with love, dedicating his knowledge of "family" to himself.
In the memoir "@PERSON1 Rodriguez" from @PERSON1: A blueprint for our lives, emotions are a very important part of the story. The emotion in this memoir is one of unmistakable gratitude. The first reason why the mood of this story is grateful is because @PERSON1 is grateful for his Cuban heritage. @PERSON1 expressed his love for his heritage, saying "both my parents shared the culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their rich culinary skills to me". @PERSON1 thank you so much for getting these skills from a great culture. The mood of this memoir is grateful The second reason is that the author is grateful for his home. "...forming the context of life in our warm home," @PERSON1 wrote in his memoir. This quote shows how grateful @PERSON1 is to have a great place to call home. The final reason why the mood of this memoir is grateful is the author's gratitude to his hardworking parents. "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again," he commented. This certainly shows the author's great respect for his parents and what they did to keep him happy and healthy. Gratitude is an emotion that fits this memoir very well, and the author's display of pride and gratitude for his heritage, family, and parents is wonderful.
The mood the author creates in Narciso Rodriguez is very calm and happy. The author is very calm and calm. There are no loud or stressed parts. It's also very happy. It describes a family growing up and loving each other. There were also friends and more family having a good time at the festivities. The happiest is the last line, "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple little house into a home." It also has a very loving tone. Anything about family coming together is loving.
The author could have incorporated many different types of emotions into his memoir. I think the mood of the memoir is happy, grateful and appreciative. I say happy because he talks about everything he does and how he enjoys it. He admires them because you end up having a good life and they go out of their way to live a good life. He thanked him because I said the same thing before he admired them and always thanked them for everything they did to her. This is the mood of the writer writing the story.
In Narciso's memoirs, I feel happy. I'm glad that Narciso's parents survived. They came to @LOCATION1 "without any knowledge of language or culture." @CAPS1 Immigrant families didn't stand up right away, they did, and within a year they moved from a @NUM1 room apartment to a @NUM2 room apartment apartment. Joy also comes to my mind because they have a welcoming arm to the families there. People today are losing jobs and homes, they have no one to go to, but the Rodriguez family has a place to go. “Countless family members come and go – often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet. My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would be We do the same thing."
The mood created by the author at the party. The author is grateful for the opportunity to grow up in @LOCATION1. The title is Narciso Rodriguez. He talks about his life, he's from Cuba. His parents welcomed people from Cuba. They "came together with great solidarity and friendship". I think he is in a very happy mood. Seeing his parents come out of nothing. The author's parents used their lives to show him that his teaching has always been the foundation of his life. I feel the same way because my parents brought me here to live a better life. I think you learned everything from your parents how to act and so on. So yes, he said the last words I liked. He said I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
Author Narciso Rodriguez describes his love and happiness for his family in this memoir. He recounts how his parents gave up everything for him and his relatives, not for themselves. The community they moved to was very happy and loved his family. Narciso describes how he and his family maintain the @CAPS1 culture with them, which he applauds. The last sentence really says it all "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". All of this shows how happy, loving, and grateful his mood is all at the same time in this memoir.
The author in memoir @PERSON1 is in a grateful mood. I know this because in the @NUM1 segment @CAPS1 talks about his cooking skills and how grateful he is to pass it on to him. This shows that he is very grateful for his craft, because some people can't cook, and it's a blessing to be able to cook. It also shows us how proud he is of his culture and who he is as a person. @PERSON2 quote "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." In @CAPS2 this shows us how much @PERSON2 appreciates what his parents did for him. Also, he loves his parents very much, and he thanks them every chance he gets. So in the memoir, Narciso exudes a sense of gratitude.
The author's interpretation of his childhood hometown creates an emotion of love and compassion. He writes about his parents in a way that tells readers that they are very good people. He described them, and others in the community, as honest, hardworking, and selfless people. It is very admirable that he is writing this story with a lot of gratitude to his parents, his family and his life. He described living in a three-room house, but his parents built a home out of it, and others were welcome to stay. The mood set by this author is love and compassion, and he does a good job of explaining what his childhood home meant to him.
In this memoir, there are emotions that the author created in his memoir. One emotion in the memoir is calm. In this excerpt, it says: "In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures are fused together with great solidarity and friendship." This means that everyone gets along just fine, unlike at the time The segregation of @CAPS1. Another mood is humility. A line in the text says, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." That says whatever @CAPS3 will @CAPS2 his parents. Finally, the author creates a humble mood. To prove it, @CAPS3 said, "They showed me with their lives that these teachings have always been the foundation of my life." @CAPS3 means his parents (they) have shown him what @CAPS3 knows today everything of. Therefore, this memoir has the emotions created by the author.
In his memoir, "@PERSON1 created a mood of joy and love. In a time when @LOCATION2 racism and segregation are commonplace, @PERSON2 and his family are at his home in Newark, NJ. Many happy times passed. His small town was filled with Cuban, Spanish and Italian immigrants. His community was united and hardworking. In his memoir, Rodriguez writes about his kind parents. In his memoir, it says: "My parents always opened their arms to the many people we thought were family, knowing they would do the same for us," (p.@NUM1). Rodriguez's family was always willing to help others because They knew favors would be rewarded. The Rodriguez family helped everyone in the neighborhood with their strong kindness. In return, they were respected. In addition, Narciso Rodriguez wrote of his parents' bravery. He wrote: "They selflessly Coming here, it's like immigrants provide their children with a better life..." (p.@NUM1-13). His parents wanted to help their children and give them a better life .They sacrificed their own needs and desires for their children. @CAPS1 loves his parents for their sacrifice and love. Last but not least, Narciso Rodriguez writes about his parents' struggles. He wrote: "They are personal And struggling financially..." (@NUM3). The Rodriguez family struggles with racism and a different climate for their kids. They want a better life for their kids in @LOCATION2 than in Cuba In general, Narciso Rodriguez writes about his parents' struggles to bring about a happy time.
The emotions going on in this post will be sadness, excitement and gratitude to his parents. Narciso is grateful for the culinary skills and traditions passed on to him by his parents. Like most of my life, I live in an apartment and treat it like any other home because you have your parents there to take care of you. Growing up in that environment also taught him that the family doesn't have to be blood related, it can be neighbors or friends, it can be like siblings, aunts, uncles.
The mood of this story is safety and happiness . At a time when there is a lot of racial tension in @LOCATION1, when all different people with different cultures and traditions can live together without bickering or arguing, safety prevails. Happiness manifests in many different ways. One way is when he describes the warmth, music and cooking of his home. Also, when he talks about how grateful he is for the sacrifices his parents made for him. Overall, @PERSON1 was happy with his entire childhood, and he seemed to enjoy the last minute of it.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. He seems happy as he talks about his parents, family and home that make him happy. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author talks about how blood ties have nothing to do with family. In the second paragraph, the author talks about the simple house that his parents built. The author makes you happy when you read the second paragraph, and how he describes home. In the @NUM2 paragraph, the author said that he will always be grateful to his parents and the life they gave him. This is the mood and some examples the author creates in his memoirs.
@CAPS2 There are a lot of emotions in the memoir. The main mood of @CAPS1 is to be happy and content with his family and friends around him. @CAPS1 is sad because @CAPS1 doesn't have his grandparents @CAPS1 said "I didn't know my real grandparents Narciso the Elder and consuelo until they were allowed to leave Cuba in 1970." @CAPS1 glad his parents lived for him Giving up everything for a better life. @CAPS2 is a tough guy with a lot of good and bad moods in the memoir.
The mood the author creates makes me happy with what I have and grateful for what I have given. I know this from all the emotions the author expresses in his memoirs of life. As I said, this is the sentiment expressed by the author. abd
The mood in the memoir "Narciso @CAPS1" is an open happy family as her parents work and create a wonderful home for her. I think the mood in the story is an open happy family because in the text it says "Growing up in this environment instilled in me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with blood" and @CAPS3 when @CAPS2 is growing up and her family has a group of people who are considered family but not related by blood. It also said: "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, are clearly in need." It's just @CAPS3, she of parents make anyone in the community who needs a family part of their family, or anyone who is lonely can get their company.
The emotion the author creates in this memoir is a sense of relationship and love between what is called a "extended family." The author emphasizes that Narciso Rodriguez's family is so close to their neighbors that they can become family. The authors incorporated the boy's overall joy and happiness that even though they had a tiny house, they could still turn it into a loving home. The author shows how much this boy loves the legacy he has and his funny parents who taught him to love cooking and Cuban music. This memoir shows how poor he was, but still able to lead a fun and interesting life with many friends and fond memories. Narciso is very grateful to his parents, which shows his appreciation for simple things and family. The overall mood of this memoir has to be gratitude. The characters are so grateful for everything they have.
In this excerpt from Narciso Rodriguez's "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives," the author sets a very clear mood in his memoir. Narciso Rodriguez's "Forever grateful to his family and all they did for him. For example," [Narciso Rodriguez] will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they do is braver than what I do. "@CAPS1 admires" their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. ' @PERSON1 felt 'There is no way to express the generosity that has impressed me so much at such a young age and the importance of family and friends. "@PERSON1" learned the true definition of 'family'. "@PERSON1" will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. "
The emotions created in the memoir are grateful. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today." I mean, he appreciates what he learned from his parents. "I am forever grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did. They took their lives to show me these teachings that have always been part of my life. I mean, he loved and cherished what his parents did for him. The emotions in this memoir are grateful because he loved, cherished, and cared about his parents.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author's mood is happy. He explained that he is grateful to her parents for her home, "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice. The author also shows that she was taught by her parents to do things and she is glad they did. He thinks family and friends also It's important. So the author creates a happy mood in his memoir.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness because Narciso is happy for what happened Narciso is happy for his family and his native habits. For example at the beginning of the story Narciso loves his Haratiqi and his family. It means he is happy.
The mood the author creates is a happy mood. I think it's a happy mood because Narciso is describing his life and at the end he says he's living a happy life. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). I thought it was a happy statement because he said his parents cared so much about him that they turned what could have been a bad house into a home. I think it's a happy mood because of the way he talks about his neighbors. “This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants reaching out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, clearly need help” (@CAPS1 @NUM2). I think it's a happy community because he talks about his friends and neighbors. @NUM3 also the last reason I think it's a happy mood is because of the way he talks about his family. "They came selflessly...in order to give their children a better life...I will forever be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@CAPS3 @NUM4 & @NUM5). I think he loves his family, love is definitely a happy word.
The mood expressed by the author is a warm and comfortable feeling, like home. It shows his tiny house and family and their interests and how they act together. It really shows what he calls home and what he calls family. The memoir explains the food he ate and the music he heard throughout his childhood, and how he grew up.
The author creates a happy mood. Because everyone comes together like a family, they take care of each other when needed. They also help each other, nice and friendly.
This memoir is heartwarming. This memoir is heartwarming as it is about her parents coming to @CAPS1 from Cuba. S. is happy that the BRIC house is better, but still the same as their parents' house. Cuban music fills the air of the house as if it were a Cuban house. A house is not a house until you call it home. That family has always called it their home. Even if their family doesn't come down until 1970, they'll have a place to call home, like Narciso Rodriguez. As he said in his memoir "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home".
The author's mood is happy. I know this because @CAPS1 talked about his family and friends and his @CAPS3. @CAPS1 starts telling us about his first friend @PERSON1 and how they live on him. “@PERSON1 My babysitter and my first friend live on top of us, and @PERSON1 often graces our table.” How @CAPS1 @CAPS2 made his first friend. @CAPS1 also went on to explain how his parents built the house and how @CAPS3 will stay there forever. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1 is really great, his mood is happy and calm. Because he's talking about how his family started and how @CAPS1 met his friends.
In the memoir, the author creates a mood by using details about the environment and charter, and one mood in the story is friendship. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "@CAPS1 often graces our table." The author explains that he has family and friends over for dinner almost every night. Another emotion in memoir is caring. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "often people are with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." This shows that even though the author had a small house, they kept people with them until they could leave. The last mood in the memoir is happiness. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it says: "I celebrated my first birthday. In this humble house, in the warmth of the kitchen, there is a Cuban feast in the air." The author explains how he and his friends Birthday with family. These are just the three main emotions in the story.
Warm heart. That's the mood Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives. Narciso talks about the warm Cuban culture, his hospitable home, and his loving and selfless parents. Narciso begins the story, describing his home. He explained that it is full of Cuban culture. Food music and more. Narcisco said in the @NUM1 segment: "My parents both loved cooking and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (I'm so sorry for that). Grateful). Enthusiastic Cuban music (I love it to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen.” Such descriptions allow readers to imagine the warm culture of his childhood home. Narciso then explained that his home was always open to friends, family and neighbors. He explained that they are all united because the country is full of racism. To overcome this, they need to come together. Narciso said in the @NUM2 paragraph, "My parents always open their arms and doors to people we think of as family because they know they'll do the same for us." That's just inviting readers in. Finally, Narciso explained how grateful he is to his parents. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," he said in the @NUM3 paragraph. I often tell them that what they did was something braver that I could have done." His gratitude and love for his parents is just warm To the hearts of readers... Narciso Rodriguez creates a warm atmosphere with authenticity and honesty in his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives. @MONTH1 His message will last for centuries.
@CAPS1 in this @CAPS2 is @CAPS3 very happy and always doing something like their family. It shows this with @CAPS4 @NUM1 throughout. It shows @CAPS5 It shows how his relationship with his family @CAPS6 is with other people around him. That should mean a lot of things @CAPS5 He really doesn't understand English very well, all of these people will have a big impact on his life as @CAPS8 and as a non-Cuban, that's how and where it shows up in @CAPS1 @CAPS2.
When an author writes, setting the mood is very important. The mood created in the memoir is heartwarming and shows how great this person was to their home, albeit a very small one. Narciso Rodriguez lives in a small cramped house, but the fact that his parents work hard to ensure Narciso has a good life makes his house great. His parents made the most of what they had with passion, love and laughter. The author does a great job of setting the mood of the memoir. Readers can almost feel the love when he talks about his family, @CAPS1 food, listening to music. The mood is uplifting and the author expresses a lot of gratitude. When you read your memoir it will make you smile because of all the happy memories and caring and giving. Narciso Rodriguez has fantastic parents who have done a lot for him. In his memoirs, he does an excellent job of creating the atmosphere, and readers can see how great he is.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is like a roller coaster. It rises and falls. At the beginning of this story, it was frustrating. It's basically just Rodriguez describing the filthy dorm he lives in. But, as the story goes, it's full of happiness, and even if the living conditions aren't that great, he still has a lot of fun. At the end of the day, home is about relationships not physical space.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is caring, as his mother gives people a home to help them get back on their feet, with open arms and open doors. In addition, the emotion that the author creates in his memoirs is gratitude, because the author has always been grateful to his parents, grateful to his life.
At @CAPS1, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a sense of family , home and culture. "Created our traditional Cuban home, the heart of which is the kitchen." This statement shows that Narciso and his family are very understanding and grateful for their culture. @CAPS1 says they open their doors to anyone who comes in and they always have dinner with their family. This shows that @CAPS2 is a close family. Narciso recounts how his parents turned the house into a home.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez," @CAPS1 talks about how his Cuban ancestry and parental love helped create a home, not just a simple one. In this piece, Rodriguez creates a warm and calm mood by talking about his home. @CAPS1 explains how close his family and neighbors are due to love and empathy for their culture. By saying this @CAPS1 creates a warm calm mood that invites you (figuratively) into his home and childhood.
In this memoir, the author creates emotions of gratitude, happiness and unity. This is evident in many different ways, such as when Narciso said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows how grateful Narciso is for every plate of his parents for giving up life in Cuba. Another example of the emotions in this memoir is when Narciso said: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, the endless celebrations..." This passage shows the happiness of Narciso's family. As you can see from the tone the author uses, it's a happy time. In the end, when Narciso says, "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures are integrated." Although the people living around Narciso are of different races, it shows the unity of the story. That's how happiness, gratitude, and solidarity create a mood in this memoir.
From my point of view, the emotion would be a sentimental feeling of calm and comfort. When the author talks about how his parents passed on so much affection and so much culture, it reminds me of who I am and where I come from. It gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling about cooking, music and family, and I can understand that. It gave me a sense of perseverance and not going to stop fighting for what I believe in. It made me feel strong and inspired my parents' dedication to their family.
The emotion of @PERSON1's memoir is love and compassion for parents. He tells how he grew up proud of Cuba and how he still loves Cuban music. His parents gave him these qualities he adored, but he's "always grateful for the wealth of culinary skills his parents taught him. @PERSON1 also spoke about the role of "family" in the environment he grew up in. In his community , many people are victims of racism, so they come together as a stronger whole. Through growing up like this, he learned how to reach out to those in need. @PERSON1 also told readers about his His parents had left everything they knew and loved behind, how he wished he had the same courage, but at least he knew it.
In Memoirs: The Blueprint of Our Lives by Narciso Rodriguez. The emotion that Narciso creates in his memoir is one of love. This mood is described by @CAPS1 "There I learned how to love. I will never forget that my parents turned this simple house into a home". It shows how much he loves his family. And @CAPS1 "passed on their wealth of cooking skills and love for cooking, and I am still grateful to this day. It shows that he loved his parents for passing on the love of cooking and cooking skills to me. he
In his memoir, "@PERSON1," he created a tone of love. It was a loving tone as he explained that his parents taught him a lot of great things. Also, as @NUM1 said in the paragraph, he is grateful and grateful for everything his parents have given him. For example, he explained that families are not necessarily related by blood. His parents told him that anyone you can trust in his family, anyone you help, because you know they will do the same for you. The last sentence also said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". So the author's tone in his memoir is love, and he's grateful for everything from his parents.
In the memoir from Hometown Narciso Rodriguez: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the emotions are well captured in several ways. “Both my parents shared culinary responsibilities and reluctantly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (for which I am forever grateful).” What Narciso learned made I am very happy and happy. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the kitchen with aromas." In parentheses, it reinforces Narciso's love of Cuban music. "Our landlord lives above us with his daughter Alegria (my nanny and first friend) who dine at our table more often than not." This shows that both How friendly families are together and they are so happy to enjoy these meals.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is "unity". Because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their non-cooking skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (I'm forever heartbroken about it) Be grateful). Passionate Cuban music (the air that I like to this day is full of air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen.” In the @NUM2 paragraph it also says. “Growing up in this environment instilled in me a This strong feeling that "family has nothing to do with blood." That's what the author is creating now is "unity".
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, these are some examples of emotions in the memoir. First of all, no matter what culture you are in, you should always be happy. "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." @NUM1 paragraph. It doesn't matter what culture you are in. Second, happiness comes from where you come from. "I was born in this simple house, a two-family blond brick house in the Ironbound district of Newark, NJ," in the @NUM2 segment. You should be happy from which town you are from. Finally, never forget who really matters. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," @NUM3 paragraph. You should always thank your parents. Taken together, these emotions are examples of memoirs.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are very grateful and kind for many reasons. Narciso Rodriguez on why his parents made a difficult choice to @LOCATION1 and leave all their friends, family and career behind. He really shows to those who read his memoir that he respects his parents and thank them so much for making his life better at @LOCATION1. This memoir deals with people and real life. He explains where he's from, he just loves the way he can live a simple life and be happy with what he's accomplished so far (and his parents). In his memoir, the details and descriptions just make you want to read on and learn more about his life. In short, everything in the memoir is so dear and dear to him.
In "Narciso Rodriguez," author Narciso Rodriguez wrote a memoir about his childhood. In the story, he thanked his parents for being brave enough to come to @LOCATION1. And his upbringing in Cuba. He describes how their house is always full of family and friends, and how there is always a big Cuban feast and cultural music playing. In the end, Narciso describes how the community he lives in is united and strong, even if they don't share the same heritage or background. Narciso was in a very optimistic mood when he wrote his memoir. He never said anything negative about his family, friends or community. Narciso is constantly grateful to his parents for his legacy and their willingness to give him a better life. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1, Narciso uses parentheses to provide more context. Narciso's memoir is a very moving story. It makes me think that even in tough times, people can find good in things. This story reminds me of my dad because when something went wrong he was always able to make a joke or find the bright side of the story.
The mood is sure to be uplifting and happy. At first, when he described his "house," he said that within these walls, my young parents treated our traditional Cuban "home." You see how he goes from house to house and then you know it's a happy place for them. With their kitchen as "heart" (happy heart), Cuban music is in the air / (he loves it). It's just a very uplifting story of how he was born to a Cuban, Spanish, Italian how to deal with racism, and his parents welcomed them in their extended family to sleep and eat everything. It's a good family, like he said, family has nothing to do with blood, but loves them the way they came and is still in their home. Their family had no worries about love and courage, and his parents taught him something special and how you can have more than a blood-related family. All you need is a little selfishness and a lot of courage.
The mood of this memoir is heritage love and family love. The author shows this when he writes about his home and how we learn to love it. All the friendships and family moments he had made him fall in love with his home. He shows warmth and love for his family and home.
I feel happy. Because Spanish Cubans and Italians don't fight in the same neighborhood, and it seems like they like living in America.
I think the mood the author creates is happiness. I think it's because @CAPS1 talked about how wonderful her life was and how wonderful your parents were when @CAPS1 ran through the story. @CAPS1 says her life is great because @CAPS1 grew up in a house that became home. Also, @CAPS1 talks about the amazing cooking in her home and all the great music that @CAPS1 still loves to this day. Plus, @CAPS1 talked about how much her parents cared about how much her parents cared about opening their doors to families who needed a place to stay until they got back on their feet. In the end, I think the mood set by the author is happy because @CAPS1 has a lot of her family or close friends living above or below them. That's why I think the mood set by the author is happiness.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that family matters. Family is a very important example, and in the @NUM1 paragraph, author @PERSON1 wrote: "Growing up in such an environment instilled in me a strong sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." Second One way to show that family matters is in paragraph @NUM2, where the author writes "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. The third and final example is in paragraph @NUM3, where the author writes, "I will never forget me 's parents turned this simple house into a home. "@CAPS1 Three examples of family being the most important.
The mood of the author of this memoir is joyful, grateful, and grateful. I say happy because the author says in the story "In our community, despite the customs and habits of other places, all cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. I say happy because the author is happy that there are so many Friends and family come to spend each day and have fun. Another mood is what the author says in the story "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. The author says this because the author's parents love him so much that they go out every day to make money to make sure the author has a good life, and the author is very grateful for that. Now, the author thanks the author's parents for everything they "created our traditional Cuban homeland" and also "passed on me a wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking" and "where I celebrated my first birthday". The author is grateful for all of these things, because without what his parents did, he wouldn't be who he is today.
I think the mood in this story is sad/happy. I think it's nice because it says he loves to cook and he thanks his parents for teaching him to cook. Also in the @NUM1 paragraph, it's a paragraph dedicated to his parents. I think it's sad because in the @NUM2 paragraph it said his parents had good jobs, but when they came to America they had to start over.
Different emotions are expressed in the memoir. One of those emotions was gratitude, he was grateful that his parents had turned the house into a home. He was delighted that his parents passed on their rich culinary skills and love for cooking and passionate Cuban music to him. The author also expresses how grateful he is that his parents left their family, friends, and careers in the country they loved so they could come to America and start over with their lives and a better life for themselves and themselves.
The author in the story creates a mood that you can feel while reading the article. The author creates a feeling of homely peace. He created that feeling because he never used words about violence or hate while reading. While reading, he also talks about how he and his family help each other. He also considers his community family, which really gives you peace of mind.
The move the author created in his memoir is that he did it, so there is still hope. Even if you are an immigrant, you can still get to the top. The @PERSON1 family moved from Cuba when racism was legal. Neighborhood is a family, or unity. Now Narciso is a famous fashion designer. Coming from Cuba and starting a new life with nothing is very hard
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the emotions created are joy and love. In the memoir it says: "In our community, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1's man is very close to his family, @CAPS2 finds you You don't have to be blood relatives to be family. It also said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS2 is delighted that his parents moved to @LOCATION1 and appreciates their sacrifices for it. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. @CAPS2 went from just living there to his home. @CAPS2 embodies what his parents did to improve his life everything.
The mood the author creates in her memoir is how she learned the definition of "family." She learned the definition of "family" in what she called "simple houses." I know this because in the @NUM1 paragraph she said: "It was here that I learned the definition of 'family'.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez from Hometown: The Blueprint of Our Lives", the author creates a special mood. I feel both happy and sad. Sadly, parents had to leave all their family, friends and careers to go back to Cuba and come to @LOCATION1 without knowing the language. He didn't even meet his real grandparents until 1970, when they were allowed to leave Cuba. Also in a good mood because parents do it all for their kids. He lives happily in their new home with their new friends.
The mood set by the author is very happy. This can be shown by explaining that he became a Cuban - @CAPS1 and got out of the dark times. He also expresses his happiness by explaining his qualities and family. Overall, Narciso Rodriguez wants people to be happy with their lives, families and heritage. That's the mood set by Narciso Rodriguez.
There is a sense of gratitude in this memoir. I think it's for some reason in the @NUM1 paragraph. "…our community was largely composed of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants, at a time when blatant racism was the norm and segregation was rife in America," the author said. But the main part of the story was how much he loved the community he lived in and The house he lives in, and most of the people are basically family in that community. That's why I think the author has a sense of gratitude in his memoir.
In the story of Narciso Rodriguez, the emotions in the story are willing, great, and hopeful. "Belief that this fight will lead them and their children to better times has driven them to endure these difficult times," the phrase represents the family's willingness to go through the lack of a good job and apartheid as it was in Cuba, for the They create better lives for their children. The phrase "My parents always open doors for those we consider family" shows that the family is happy to have a home and still have their loved ones living with them. "My parents came to this country with such courage, but did not understand the local language and culture. This sentence shows that the family is full of hope, and even without knowing the country, they still believe that it will lead to a better life. In the story "Narciso Rodriguez" the family would do anything for a better life.
The sentiment created by the author shows that even though they are from Cuba, they can still make a living and be bilingual and translate and help others Find @CAPS1. For example, "often people stay with us for a while until they can get back on their feet." That means before getting @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 an apartment that's good for them and what money they'll make if they have Jobs would help. So "my parents always opened their doors to a lot of people we consider family" @CAPS4, if that matters. Also in a good mood because they came to an apartment and in the end everyone was happy because it became their home.
I think the author created a very warm, loving tone. Narciso creates this vibe by including all the most important aspects of his home in @LOCATION1. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, he explained his endless celebrations with family and friends, "...forming the context of life in our warm home."
I think the sentiment of this story is very mild and interpretable because it explains how these people migrated from their country to where they now live, just to basically live a better life. Of course they did, they are happy with their home and @CAPS1 is happy because he has amazing educational options. That's the mood of this story I'm going to tell.
Growing up in a tiny house didn't matter in Narciso's life when you were surrounded by your loved ones. The author creates a mood of happiness, love, achievement and pride. Narciso is very proud of his Cuban heritage and his brave parents have created a beautiful home and life for him. The mood is also very happy, because this is a very happy story. There is also love and achievement in the mood because Narciso loves his friends, family, neighbors, home and childhood. The achievement is that his parents came to @LOCATION1 and started a better life. Anyone would be happy with a childhood like this because being surrounded by people you love and being proud of you and your family is the most important thing.
The atmosphere created in this memoir is very good. Narciso is very, very grateful for "the house where parents become home." He is very grateful to his entire parents for giving up their lives to try and give their son a better, more chance than they have. He is also grateful to his parents for giving him not only what they never had, but what they did have. Like teaching them how to cook, how to treat people, and what family really means. They also showed him the value of being selfless for your loved ones.
You can get along with anyone, no matter what nationality you are. He showed him his home, at least to him a wonderful @CAPS1 with great smells, food and people. He felt unexplainable joy and gratitude for what his parents had done for him. For him, it's @CAPS2/heaven on earth. In humble houses, in warm kitchens, Cuban feasts always fill the air with not just smell and music, but love and life. He will never forget that house or its gracious neighbors.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author creates a certain mood. Mood is bliss and joy, as in this memoir, the author continues to talk about his family culture, which is the perfect reason to have a good mood. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many who we consider family." This quote is found in @CAPS1 @NUM1, which also shows how kind and generous his family is. This mood involves Narciso's beloved family culture. His beautiful culture is just another piece of the puzzle put together, the last line in @CAPS1 @NUM2 "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" really put it all together , emotionally touches the reader.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that I believe in love. I say love because the whole story basically talks about "eternal @CAPS1", "a dore", bond and togetherness. The family are immigrants who came abroad in search of a better way of life just for the benefit of their children. From my point of view, only loving parents would give up the country they both love to do something like this because they have to leave family, friends, and career. The cultural difficulties they face now are just a goal.
In this memoir by Narciso Rodriguez, the atmosphere is very warm and inviting. It belongs to home and family. Some examples of this are his mention of the kitchen being the heart of the home and Cuban music playing all the time. The memoir also conveys a sense of family, as the author often mentions frequent visits by a large number of family and friends. He also mentioned that it was rare to have people not stay at home with them until they got back on their feet. The atmosphere of this memoir is warm and family.
The emotions in the memoir are very risky. In the memoir, it shows how Narciso's parents and relatives moved. At first, Narciso lived in a furnished studio apartment, but they were able to move into a humble three-bedroom apartment that soon became Narciso's home. Narciso was born in 1961 in the Ironbound district of Newark, New Jersey. Narciso grew up with his family for a while. "Home" has nothing to do with blood relatives. Narciso will always be grateful and loved for what his parents did for him.
In the author's memoir, the author creates a mood, and that mood in the story is happy. It's bliss and @CAPS1 for the way he cooks for his home and his parents. He also loves the music and things he does with his family and starts over. I think this is the tone the author uses in his memoirs.
Narciso Rodriguez is a memoir about growing up with his family in a new environment in which Narciso expresses clear emotions. Mood, generally speaking, is happy. The author did not put any negative information in the memoir, only positive feelings. In the second paragraph, the author explains how his parents brought their Cuban heritage into their home, such as food, music, family gatherings and fun celebrations. All of this creates a very happy backdrop for the family. In the fourth paragraph, Narciso shows that there are always people who come over and have a good time. Narciso's surrogate grandparents, babysitters, cousins, aunts and uncles all came and had a great time. Finally, in the sixth paragraph, the author concludes that he will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents. His parents thanked him many times for his strength and perseverance, and told him that friends and family were important. Overall, this memoir has a very positive and happy mood.
Home and family is what we all love @CAPS1. The atmosphere the author creates is warm and appreciative as he explains how comfortable his home is with everyone and having a lot of fun together. Not just together, but together: "Growing up in this environment instilled in him a strong sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives." Narciso Rodriguez to his beloved parents Grateful because they have made important changes to give him the better life he deserves. They made that change "even if it meant leaving their family". They are so brave. The author lets us know how grateful he is for his "home", his parents and his Spanish heritage.
The author creates a mood in his memoir. The author creates a friendly atmosphere. I know this because in the text it says: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solitude and friendship." This means that even though there is isolation around them, they The neighbors are still friendly. All in all, the author creates a mood in his memoir.
The emotions created in this memoir are exciting. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This gives me a sense of gratitude and admiration for what my parents have done for me. Another example is in the @NUM2 paragraph where it says "It was here that I learned the true definition of family." This statement makes me happy because I have a family that supports me and is always there for me. This memoir has really changed the way I look at things and made me realize how grateful I am to have my family.
The way the author describes his family and home brings a very warm, happy, joyful mood to the memoir. His tone is very warm when he talks about how much love there is in his house. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm home." As he talks about how his parents helped others and their home The mood in this memoir is happy when there is always someone. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us." The mood of the memoir is given as the author describes the rich culture in his family life. "Traditional Cuban homes, with the kitchen at their heart... unknowingly handed me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (and I'm forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." I think the addition of brackets makes it light and airy. His tone was emotional and grateful for his rich culture. The author's tone is sweet, I think, when thanking the parents. "But, in truth, I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity...and the importance of family and friends...and these teachings have always been the foundation of my life. " The mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and sweet, thanks to the author .
The mood changes throughout the memoir. First, the mood started to get gloomy in Cuba saying they had a furnished apartment. When they come to @LOCATION1 and @PERSON1, they can afford to move into a humble 3 bedroom apartment. The mood that followed was inspiring. It was inspiring because the parents were a poor family and they found a way out of Cuba. Also because his parents left Cuba selflessly, so the children there could have a better place to live. There is finally a family atmosphere. They are honest and hard-working immigrants, reaching out to help those in need. Plus, they always have Alegria eating gracefully at the table, and surrogate grandparents Sergio and @CAPS1 are there. Emotions throughout the memoir range from depressing to inspiring to the family it has always been.
Narciso is very proud of his Cuban culture. He was very happy with who he became and how he grew up. Narciso set a tone of great pride and greatness for this memoir. He explained that family is not about blood; it is about people who love each other and will exist for each other. He told us that his parents passed on Cuban culture to him when it comes to cooking. He also explained how his parents built the house themselves and how he grew up in it. Narciso says he's proud to be a Cuban and how his family works @CAPS1 to make a living. Narciso tells us how proud and happy he is to live in a wonderful home with friends, family and future. He told us he learned to love.
H loves his parents @CAPS1 loves his home @CAPS2 This birthday is Thailand / always @CAPS3 music / always @CAPS3 the smell of food.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our life, a feeling of hardship and gratitude is created. [No. NUM1] “After a year in a furnished studio apartment, @NUM2-year-old Rawedia and 27-year-old Narciso Rodriguez, Sr. can move into a humble three-bedroom apartment. I’ll soon be Will call home." @CAPS1 Hard, how they moved from Cuba to @LOCATION2, had to leave everything behind and start a new life in a tiny apartment. Memoir @CAPS1 Grateful as Narciso is so grateful for his family's sacrifice for his future and their care and love. [pg @NUM3] "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." I think this memoir is a very touching story of a family who loved each other and thanked them for having a place to call home .
The mood created by the author is one of relief and gratitude. Thanks because the author often refers to the courage and bravery shown by the parents. This is reflected in @CAPS1 @NUM1 when the author said "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and carers behind. In the country they love" This quote from @CAPS1 @NUM1 shows how grateful Narciso is that his parents gave up everything they had to do to give him a better life. The final sentence of the memoir is "I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home". This shows that the emotion is grateful because Narciso means he is grateful for being able to turn their little house into a place of friendship and good times. The last reason this post has a gratitude-related sentiment is in @CAPS1 @NUM3 when Narciso said "But, actually, I can't express how impressed I am at such a young age. The spirit of generosity and the importance of modelling family and friends." This line shows that no matter what Narciso does, he cannot repay his parents for their selflessness and caring. The reason this post is also happy is shown in @CAPS1@NUM4 when he talks about "endless celebrations" or "I still have a love for cooking today..." which shows that "the mood is happy and Happy, because obviously the kitchen and cooking are a source of happiness as a boy, and @CAPS2 is in his home. That's why the author wrote his memoir with happiness and gratitude
In his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, author Narciso Rodriguez creates a very loving atmosphere. When Narciso Rodriguez talks about his home, he writes, "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, and my kitchen is at the heart of it." It shows his love for the kitchen. @PERSON2 wrote: "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that is still there today." @PERSON2 told us about his love for Parental love, he said: "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." @CAPS1 @PERSON2 told us when he wrote: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family , because they know they'll do the same for us."
The mood the author creates in this memoir is happy, loving, and warm. The memoir is basically about family and the importance of family. When you talk about your family and its culture, you usually don't feel bad about it. throughout the memoir. The author says things like "the love of cooking is still with me today" and "formed the context of life in our warm home". The author also talks about the selflessness of his parents, for which he is very proud and grateful. He said in the @NUM1 paragraph that his parents "opened their arms and doors to many who we consider family." The author also noted in the @NUM2 paragraph, "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance. .” The authors of this memoir set many emotions. But there is no doubt that his goal was to make this memoir happy, uplifting, and truly moving.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. The author uses words such as warmth to describe things. "Warm Home" gives you a happy feeling @CAPS1 The two give you overall happiness. It makes you think about how blessed the authors are to know they still have family memories/skills. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 the author uses many words that set the mood of happiness, such as "the warmth of the kitchen, the humble home, not just smell and music but life and love, kind neighborhood, the humble home becomes Home. These selected words the author uses to give you a good feeling and put you in a good mood.
The mood created by the author is warm. First, in the second paragraph, it says that his family always cooks and turns on Cuban music. It also illustrates how the smell of food fills the house. In the fourth paragraph it says how they always have family over for dinner. Some of their family members are grandparents, aunts, @CAPS1 and cousins. The last reason the heart is warm is because he says in the seventh paragraph, "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." That means before they lived there , with only three rooms; however, once they moved in, they turned it into a place where friends and family could gather and have fun.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a feeling of gratitude and love. First, the author creates a feeling of gratitude. He thanked his parents and how they sacrificed to move to @LOCATION2. They had to deal with racism. "On the contrary, our community was largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants when blatant racism was the norm and racism was rife in America. They wanted their sons to live well." The author creates a feeling of gratitude. Finally, the author creates a feeling of love. He feels a loving mood because his family loves him and takes care of him. He treats his neighbors as his family. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us. They loved a lot of people they knew they could trust. In the end, the author creates an emotion of love.
In Narciso Rodriguez, his own memoir, his own memoir, we are told about his childhood. Narciso affects mood by describing the environment. He wrote in paragraph @NUM1 "Affordable to move into a modest three-bedroom apartment...". This gives you a sense of humility from the very beginning of reading. In the paragraph @NUM2 he writes "Passionate Cuban music...". This reminds me of Mexican culture. Narciso wrote about such things in his memoirs. The lines give a sense of humility and rich Cuban culture. Narciso also wrote about his birthday and said nothing. The parts he writes almost give you a sense of unity. These are the lines/phrases that Narciso uses to express the mood of his memoirs.
In the memoir, the author creates a mood. I think the feeling or emotion the author is trying to create is a very grateful emotion. I say this because that writer is talking about how grateful he is, or how grateful his parents taught him and raised him in a very united and close family and community.
The author creates a feeling of love and care in Narciso Rodriguez. The author talks about what it means to be a family and how people don't have to be all the same to be a community. In @CAPS2 @NUM1 it explains: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a community of honest, hard-working immigrants A tight-knit community, they show a need to those who are not necessarily their own at the same time.” @CAPS1 shared the feeling of being accepted as they both learned how to be racially diverse despite all being from different cultures and races become a "family" in a socialist environment. @CAPS1 shares how his parents made the difficult decision to leave a loved one and move to a new place for the sake of their child's better future (@CAPS2 @NUM2). @CAPS1 admires his parents so much for what they did for him and how they always get other family members or neighbors around the table to eat. In @CAPS2 @NUM3 @CAPS1 "I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity that impressed me and proved the importance of family and friends." The author shares in this memoir his love for his parents.
The atmosphere created by the author is loving. It tells readers that the sacrifices and hardships of the hearts and minds that parents endure are priceless, and that the love that immigrant families have for each other is inexhaustible. This sentiment explains the true definition of family and the unconditional, unfading love a family has for each other and for its neighbors. This is true because in paragraph @NUM1 it tells the reader how grateful the author is to have such persistent, loving parents whose faith and determination for a better future taught the author how to love and appreciate what is necessary to overcome adversity courage and strength. Everyone is destined to follow this struggle and obstacle in pursuit of happiness. The mood of this memoir explains how precious a home is, and the memories it contains. This is the mood the author creates in his memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happiness, but at the same time sadness or abandonment. Happiness is a mood as the author describes how his family lives in @LOCATION2 (NJ) and how his family is not the only one immigrating from their country. Their neighbors consisted of immigrants from Spain, Cuba and Italy. The author also made several friends, his first friend was Alegria or the landlord's daughter. But the author does show some sadness as he and his family leave Cuba. They leave their loved friends, family, jobs and country. The author still listens to Cuban music while cooking.
The mood set by the author is gratitude. He was grateful for all the things his parents had to pay for him. For example, "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even thinking it meant keeping their family, friends and career in the country they loved." That's Why the author wrote this memoir to thank his parents for everything they did for him.
In the memoir, author Narciso Rodriguez creates an atmosphere of faith throughout the reading. As the author describes parents who immigrated to the United States, it tells how they had to leave family, friends, and careers in the country they loved. The motivation to do this shows the parent's confidence in creating a home that is as good as it ever was. The author is grateful because he admires his parents' beliefs that have survived to this day. Rodriguez believed that his parents were more courageous than anyone and were very generous to him and others, always helping others with open arms. Parents’ belief that struggles will lead them and their children to better times motivates them to endure these difficult times.
Mood created by @CAPS1 In The memior's... the only mood I can give @CAPS2 is friendship. Throughout the memoir @CAPS1 @CAPS4 about how everyone is @CAPS5 to every @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 how the entire memoir is about friendship.
Reading this article expresses a different mood change from the author. As you read, you'll notice that he's proud of his Cuban followers, explaining how united his family has been for as long as he can remember. Most importantly, he is very grateful to his parents for seeing him succeed in life, which is what I admire most about the author. This story is to thank his parents and his culture. Throughout the story, his mood is mostly proud and grateful. Like at the end he said "I learned the definition of "family" meaning his family is together and love is over. This passage made me realize what my mom went through to see me and my brother succeed , so I can say I can connect with the author.
The emotions created in the memoir are great. Narciso tells the story in honor of his parents' selflessness. They came here selflessly like many immigrants. They worked as hard as they could to give him a home and a childhood he could be happy with.
ather is in a good mood because he loves his hom and this is where he lives. He also loves his culture, his parents, and the skills that were passed on to him as a child. That's why I think he's in a good mood.
The mood of the author of this memoir is one of love and solidarity. The way he describes the hard work and love of his parents is incredible. First, it reads in @CAPS2 @NUM1: "In Cuba, Narciso, Sr. worked in the lab, and Rawedia Maria studied chemical engineering. In America, they had to start their lives completely over, doing what they could find any job.” This shows that they see love beyond their peers as they have to start from scratch as they have the potential to care for their children. They never gave up, but kept on trying to give the kids there a better life than they should have. This memoir expresses not only the unity of the family, but the unity of the entire community. As it says in @CAPS2 @NUM2 "...our community is made up mostly of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants..." @CAPS1 despite their various ethnicities "This is a A tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who clearly need it, though they don't need their own kind." (@CAPS2 @NUM2) It's a community that cares about each other and helps anyone in need People despite pay raises in the community. His parents also opened their doors, allowing people to come in and stay until they were able to get back on their feet. Know that they will do the same for them. It takes a very close community to do something like this. These are just a few different examples in this memoir of the emotions of love and solidarity created by the author.
I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they do is more shocking than what I do
This memoir has a theme, and it means many different things. A topic is helpful. The family moved to @LOCATION1 from Cuba in 1956 after many difficult voyages and struggles. Because they know what it's like when they decide to help other struggling people and keep them by their side; that's exactly what they do. Another theme that I see fit is inspiration. I think this family inspired not only their children but other neighbors and other relatives as well. Finally, I think another theme of this excerpt is the heart-feeling. @CAPS1 – @CAPS2 families risk everything to help other families. It's a very good move on them. One can change slowly, one by one; that's exactly what this family does.
The mood created by author Narciso Rodriguez is clear in the memoir. You can feel throughout the story that he is completely grateful to his parents for the love and their family life. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the heart of which is the kitchen". Rodriguez is "forever grateful" to his parents, who "unknowingly inherited their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today". They always have passionate Cuban music "mixed with the aroma of the kitchen". At the end of the @NUM1 paragraph, he said: "Here, the innocence of childhood, gatherings of family + friends, endless celebrations form the living background of our warm home. I will never forget how my parents put this place together. A house becomes a home."
The author is very proud and happy when talking about her parents. The author explains how her parents were very brave to leave their hometown. That's because neither of them speaks English. Also because they had to leave their lives and go back home to start over.
The mood in the memoir is happy. It's happy because it's talking about Narciso's memory. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The mood is also great. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "I often tell them that what they do is braver than I do. I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and how I thank them again and again." The mood is also very sad. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "However, really, I can't express my testament to the generosity that left me at such a young age and the importance to my family and friends. So there is in this book There are several emotions in the memoir.
In this excerpt, Narciso Rodriguez describes his childhood home and extended "family." The mood during this time is very warm and happy. Narciso talks about his childhood home with nothing but love and affection. @CAPS1 forever grateful to his parents for turning "...this simple house into home". @CAPS1 spoke admirably about his parents and the sacrifices and hard work they put into getting to @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 is so grateful they did. @CAPS1 also spoke kindly about his "extended family" and described his neighbors. "In our community...all of these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." This loving, supportive "family" made Narciso what he is today and made him realize "'' The fact that family 'has nothing to do with blood relationship'. It is made up of people you love and people who love you.
happy. You should always be proud of where you came from. Not only support your background, like your culture and your parents. something like that. Never be ashamed of something like this, even if your differences don't matter. The more different you are, the more unique you are. Look at it this way. Also, you should never change just because of who you are and how you look.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, Rodriguez creates a sense of gratitude for his parents. Countless times, he wanted to thank his parents. For example, "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance." @PERSON1 is so grateful to his parents as they left Cuba to start a new life in @LOCATION1. They sacrificed friends and family who left them. In the text, it said: "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life..." His parents wanted to give Rodriguez a better life He made so many sacrifices in his life, which is why he created a feeling of gratitude. his memoirs.
The emotions that the author creates in his memoirs are unity, care, love and so on. The author is bringing all these emotions and memories together to write this memoir, which is what a memoir is about; yourself, memories, family, etc. One of the reasons the authors create emotions is because a home is a place where a family lives together, whether they put memories together, it shows love. For example, in the memoir, "Here is the childhood of innocence, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, that form the background of life in our warm home." This is clearly a loving mood, because There is a loving family together. The second reason the author creates emotions is that where the author lives, there are many different people from different places. Although they are different, they are like a family, united as one. For example, "In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." This means that even if there are different places, there is a solidarity that accompanies each other. The third reason the author creates emotions is because the author's parents care not only for themselves but for others, just like their children. For example, "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life." That meant her parents cared not only about them, but about their son's future. The whole story is based on family and family, but the problem is that family and family will always share love, care and solidarity with each other.
The sentiment of "Narciso Rodriguez" is pretty much the same as @CAPS1 throughout the excerpt. The mood in the story is calm and relaxed throughout. Narciso talks about his family and how much he loves them and what they have done for him. "Growing up in an environment like this made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood," the story says. @CAPS1 runs through the story, it's the mood. Another emotion created by the author is gratitude and gratitude. Narciso thanked his parents for their selflessness. In the story, Narciso says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The way he talks about his parents also ends up making readers grateful. Narciso Rodriguez creates joy for us through his love for his family and how he cares so much about what they do for him.
The mood a memoir creates is one of gratitude and pride. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it shows that he is grateful. "...still with me today (for which I am forever grateful.) It also shows how proud Narciso Rodriguez is to be Cuban. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "I will always be Thank you to my parents for their love and sacrifice. It also shows that Narciso appreciates what his parents have done for him. Narciso also said that he often speaks to them of his admiration for their strength and perseverance, and in the final paragraph he says he will never forget how his parents put this The humble house has become a home, which shows that he is very grateful to his parents.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is as follows. In the first paragraph, it describes a couple who came to @LOCATION2 from Cuba, settled down and had a child. In the story, it describes their life at @LOCATION2, what their house was like, and the importance of Cuban cooking and music. In Newark, NJ, the family invites friends and family to dinner and more; the author describes how it brings everyone together and a mood of togetherness and happiness. The mood of this memoir is the happiness and unity created by the author.
This excerpt is in a happy mood. That's a lot of things for @CAPS1 to be happy about. In fact, he didn't live well as the child's parents, keeping their children alive. It is also a home that brings the family closer.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of caring and happiness. There is a lot of care and happiness in this story. There is a lot of caring because he cares about his family and what they have done for him. He also cares about his parents making the house traditional, like back in Cuba. He also cared that his parents did so much for other people. So much happiness because he is happy to live in @LOCATION1 and have such great parents. He's glad his parents taught him all the traditional things they used to do in Cuba. Last but not least, he is happy because he lives with everyone he loves.
The author creates a good mood in the memoir because when you think about how stubborn those people are, there is a warm feeling inside you. Parents leave their country for another country, ignorant of her language and culture, and have to start their lives over with the jobs they can find because they want their children to have a good life. They reach out to those in need, treat all neighbors as family, and teach children the true definition of "family"
The emotions created in Narciso Rodriguez are grateful and happy. First of all, @CAPS1 thank you so much because @CAPS1 said "...to give their kids a better life" His parents gave up what they were doing in their hometown of Cuba to live in @LOCATION1, Start living by creating a better life for their children. @CAPS1 recognizes this, but @CAPS1 also knows that @CAPS1 can never thank them. Next, it says "Family has nothing to do with loved ones." @CAPS1 is so grateful and grateful that @CAPS1 grew up nearby, @CAPS1 made it happen that everyone is seen as siblings who all feel safe in the community they created. The story also says, "I often tell them that what they did was a braver thing I could have done." @CAPS1 knows that when all his parents did was make their lives harder, It takes a lot of hard work to do so much for others. They have to start over, which is why he is most grateful to his parents. That's what I really think the atmosphere of the story is about.
Narciso Rodriguez's mood in this story is that in his house, he shares many memories of his family. He also shared his feelings. His family will make friends or family members of their family.
The mood created in this memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our life is a magnificent mood. The family moved from Cuba to the US so @CAPS1 can get a better education. They have a wonderful home, great friends and a loving family. Neighbors, landlords or friends Alegria sometimes cooks them dinner. Also, they have friends over for dinner and often bring some food over. Their family/friends are Spanish, Cuban and Italian. They always keep their doors open for friends and family, and most of the friends there pass by every night. If they need help or have to rest, they keep people there. The atmosphere of the story is very good.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a mood that is generally cheerful, warm and happy. He does this through his wording. "Passed on me their wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking, which I still do today." (Standard @NUM1). Describing his parents' cooking skills as "rich", he described his feelings about cooking as positive. Another example of the emotions he creates is how he describes his relationships with other people. "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." (Standard @NUM2). From this sentence, you can see that he is very close to everyone. Another example is when he said, "The air is full of not only smell and music, but life and love." (parameter. @NUM3). You can feel the warmth of the room through the adjectives he uses. This is how the writer creates the atmosphere in the story.
In this memoir, the author touches on serious facts while giving the memoir a fun and joyful mood. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, they talk about how other people who are not related to them do different activities with them, but also on the serious topic that his grandparents were not allowed to leave Cuba until 1970. The authors also show how even though they struggled and went through hardships at home at @LOCATION2, they were still able to align Cuban culture with the music and food they played. He paints an emotion that shows that no matter what hardship you endure, you can be happy.
Memoir Mood from Home: Our Life Blueprint is Grateful @ORGANIZATION1. Narciso tells the story of growing up @LOCATION1 by his Cuban parents. Narciso is very grateful to his parents for teaching him how to cook and introducing him to Cuban music he loves. Narciso is @CAPS1 thanks to his parents for giving him so much love and sacrifice. Narciso also admires her parents' perseverance and strength. He had thanked them many times, but he could not express to them his true gratitude to them. Throughout his memoir, Narciso talks about his gratitude, which sets him up for gratitude.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is depressing. I think it's because it talks about his parents immigrating and then the ending is kind of happy because his parents made it a home.
The author is in a very good mood in the memoir as she keeps talking about her parents and how they gave up life in Cuba for her
In the memoir, the author creates a specific mood to help readers better understand his life story. The memoir begins with a cozy atmosphere as he describes what his house was like and his own definition of family. As the memoir continues, the mood shifts to the author's gratitude to his parents. He describes how their selfless act of leaving Cuba and creating a new life at @LOCATION1 gave him a solid foundation to grow. He said how his parents left their friends, family and jobs in hopes of a better life for their children. His parents came to @LOCATION1, didn't understand the language and had to endure many hardships to find and keep a job. The author says he can't express his gratitude in words, but totally owe them to taking such a big risk to come to @LOCATION1. In the memoir, the author creates a specific mood to engage and intrigue readers as they read more about his life.
The author created many woods in this memoir. First of all, the mood set by the author is warm. Image warmth. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm homes. " The perfect description of something that feels warm inside. Second, another emotion that the author sets is sympathy, as he talks fondly of sympathy for his parents. As the @NUM2 paragraph states, "Both my parents have to accept that they may not be able to find jobs that they can't...believe that this struggle will lead to a better time for them and their children, which Push them to endure these difficult times." In which @CAPS1 is very forgiving and emotional. In the end, I think the mood the author set was acceptance, because his parents were very willing to accept people who weren't always blood related. For example, in the @NUM3 paragraph, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." Which countries are they very welcoming and accepting of people . These are the emotions the author creates in this memoir.
This @CAPS1 showcases the many different types of emotions a person can have about friends, family and your legacy. Narciso Rodriguez explains that home is everything you really need. His parents moved from Cuba to the United States so that their family, especially their children, could lead a good and successful life. Narciso is very grateful to his parents for putting their past behind them and making their children better people. When his parents first moved here, they were struggling both personally and financially. When they came, they went to a community of mostly Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. In this memoir, it talks about a lot of family, "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." Different types of heritage sit around their table. They note that it's not just about who gave birth to you and who were their siblings, soon, but who helped you through your life. Another emotion portrayed in this memoir is that you have to be happy with who you are. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family. Knowing they would do the same for us." This memoir is about love and who you'd be proud of. They are atonement, saying that you should not be discouraged by who you are and where you are from, but should be proud of you as a person.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are...he or she himself expresses the feelings at the time, but when something like that happens to them. He also explained that he was glad their parents gave up everything in Cuba just to be with their kids, who didn't even know how to speak English when they first moved from Cuba. So now their whole family lives almost very close, so they can see each other. Even if the parents can't find a job there, they will do whatever makes the family happy. Now that their families are together they can spend the rest of their lives together
The mood created by the author. What @CAPS1 is saying is that some families come from everyone, so Narciso Rodriguez has the ability to come from Cuba. will do the same for us. "My parents came to this country with such courage and no knowledge of any language or culture. I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. So that's the atmosphere of Narciso's story.
He gives a friendly mood and happy memories. He's trying to get the reader to feel the happy feelings he's feeling, so that people can understand his feelings and try to relate to them. Childhood memories should give readers these feelings.
The emotions that Narciso Rodriguez tries to portray in this memoir are very lighthearted and cheerful. He wanted to be able to show his readers how grateful he was for how his parents raised him and the type of environment at the time. By reading this memoir, people almost feel like they are at his house, surrounded by his friends and family. Narciso Rodriguez also tried to show joy, he was happy with his life and always had friends by his side.
The emotion created by the author of @CAPS1 Home: Blueprints of Our Lives is love. An example of this is in the @NUM1 paragraph, "Growing up in this environment has instilled in me a strong sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." This sentence suggests that even though they are technically Not family, but they still love each other enough to be family. Another example is in the @NUM2 paragraph, which says: "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and their The cause of the country they love." This line shows that they love each other more than anything. They are staying and willing to do anything to make their lives better. Finally, in the @NUM3 paragraph: "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." This line shows that his parents loved him and he gave them love. This is the atmosphere of @CAPS1 Home: the blueprint of our lives.
The author of this memoir gave the memoir a calm mood. This memoir focuses on friends and family coming together to celebrate. It makes it calm because the writer makes readers feel like they have nothing to worry about. The author never mentions any negative activity in his memoirs. He just explained how grateful his parents were for raising him and the lessons they taught him. He mentioned how much he was grateful to his parents for their willingness to sacrifice their lives for the benefit of their children. The author makes the reader feel that Narciso is protected in the house where he lives, and since all his neighbors are united and friendly to each other, there is nothing to worry about. They both care about each other, so if anything bad happens, they protect each other, which brings a calm and carefree mood to the memoir. The author talks about how his house was simple, warm, humble and full of his memories, which is another reason I think the memoir is a calming mood. Read the memoir and you will find that the author only talks about beautiful things and a carefree life, which really brings a calming mood to the memoir. These are some of the reasons that show how the author of this memoir had a peaceful mood.
The mood the memoir creates is very clear. He shows that he loves where he is and that he doesn't want to trade it for anything. He loves his neighbors because to him it's like a "melting pot". @CAPS1, Cubans and Spaniards live there. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author explains how his parents' house and gates are open to anyone who needs help getting back on their feet. The author also expressed sadness in his memoirs. In the @NUM2 segment, his parents live in a one-bedroom apartment, hoping that one day they will be able to afford a three-bedroom apartment. This is the sentiment expressed by the author in his memoirs.
In the memoir, the author has a variety of emotions. In the @NUM1 and @CAPS1 paragraphs, "I was born in this simple house in 1961 in a two-family home...my young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland." The mood here is neutral , but kind of happy because the author is talking about her house. In the @NUM2 and @CAPS1 segments, "They are struggling both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for their home tropics and facing cultural hardships." That mood is @CAPS2 as the author speaks It's the hardships of parents. Also, in the @NUM3 paragraph, @CAPS1, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This also shows that the mood is happy because the author is grateful. Here are the various emotions the author has in his memoirs.
The author creates a sense of pride in his memoir. The author provides information about his background and how his parents were proud of it. The second paragraph says "I was born in this simple house...my young parents created our traditional Cuban family...the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends and the inclusion of both Endless celebrations that form our warm living background home." Narciso's parents were tired of influencing their Cuban ancestry as much as possible. Narciso's parents were always kind and loving to others. The fourth paragraph says: "My parents always open their arms to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." Although his parents don't seem to have much money, they Still living in someone else's house until they get back on their feet. Narciso's parents work hard and they know they won't get what they deserve. Paragraph 5 states that "the barriers to work are so large and high that both my parents have to accept that they may not be able to find the kind of jobs they deserve." His parents worked hard for their jobs and no one can take it away . In conclusion, the author makes readers proud of what Narciso's parents did.
In the memoirs of Newark, NJ-based fashion designer Narciso Rodriguez. Narciso talks about his Cuban family living in an apartment with many other ethnicities. This presents a happy mood. The first way the mood expresses joy is when @CAPS1 speaks of his kitchen with "passionate Cuban music that fills the air with the aroma of the kitchen." (@NUM1) This shows how happy and delightful their kitchen is People are excited. Another way is when @PERSON1 talks about his parents @CAPS2 "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM2) it expresses a happy mood as he appreciates what his parents did everything. Finally, the last way is when @PERSON1 summed up the memoir, "In this humble house, the warmth of the kitchen always pervades the Cuban feast, not only sent, but life and love." (@ NUM3) This shows their happy time together. as you can see. The mood presented is happiness
@CAPS1 in this memoir is joy and happiness. There is also caring and selflessness. This memoir describes @ORGANIZATION1's upbringing and what he meant to his family. His family is very generous to the people in @CAPS2. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "Countless extended family members come and go - and often there are people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet". His family (seems to be) very generous to their community. Because of Narciso's cultural and family values, they shape his life today. Narciso's parents are selfless. They would give up their living space to a friend whose life was difficult. They always have more than @NUM2 people at the dinner table, and always more than @NUM2 people at their house. All of these events make Narciso Rodriguez proud of his family and community.
I think the author's mood is a bit like @CAPS1. I say this because, as he says at the end of his memoir, his parents turned a simple house into a home. The statement tells me that the author feels good about @CAPS1 at home or with his family. I also say the author is grateful because he comes from a great culture and heritage.
I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. They used their lives to show me that these teachings have always been the foundation of my life.
Happy, proud and grateful. Happy because he loves his family, his culture and his home. "In our neighborhood, despite the different customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. Narciso is proud and grateful for his parents for giving up everything to come to America to let them A better life for his family. Not knowing a lot about this new country, they are struggling to overcome problems. Narciso thanked his parents for getting their lives started again. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." "
In this memoir, the author's mood is very satisfied and full. He was happy because his parents came back from Cuba with a newborn to start a new life, and even if they had to leave their friends and family, the baby could learn a lot.
In this excerpt from the book Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez describes his first home at @LOCATION1. The feeling of this story first is to like how @CAPS1 explained how his parents sacrificed "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving them family, friends and careers in a country they love." The story also gives a sense of closeness, and "family is not about blood" @CAPS1, where his family has opened a home for many. The story also gives a warm feeling, and the story of his family celebrating together is in the seventh paragraph. Overall, the story has a happy mood that expresses love, kindness and what a
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, @CAPS3 creates a warm, loving and fun atmosphere. @CAPS2 - Throughout the memoir, Narciso talks about how his family moved into a home in Newark, NJ, and... the kitchen," @CAPS1 You imagine in your mind you create A very warm, delicious, smelling room, which helps create an atmosphere for the entire memoir. Another way Narciso creates a mood is when @CAPS3 talks about the Cuban music flowing in the @CAPS2 house," Passionate Cuban music...full of air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. " This @CAPS3 shows that it's fun, warm, inviting and exciting. Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities, both make up our warmth," @CAPS3 said. Home life background. " @CAPS3 also creates a sense of fun, warmth, fun, and love by describing gatherings, celebrations with friends and family, and in this memoir, the author sets a warm, loving, fun and funny emotions.
The mood created by the author is happy. Everyone in the story is happy, and there are people who are sad.
The emotions created by authar are warm. He is so @CAPS1 to his family moving @CAPS2 and he also cares so much about his parents and what they do for their family. I know this because "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home".
Described in this memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" From Home: Creating a Blueprint for the Mood of Our Lives. Initial evidence found at memior. "My parents originally came to the United States from Cuba in 1956." The mood being created is detirmenation. Identify the parents and make it to the US because that's hard to do. But parents do it to make America. Another piece of evidence found was "In 1961 I was born in a simple house, two families, blond brick building in the bound section of @CAPS1 in Newark, NJ." The moods being created are happy and sad . There is happiness because he has just been born. Sadly, they cannot go to the hospital and they live in a two-family house. This is the emotion produced by the memior.
The artistic conception created by the author in his memoirs is reserved and full of emotion. Because he really loves his mom, dad and his little sister. There's a lot of emotion as Narciso talks about his lifestyle and how long he's lived in a studio apartment. The happy part is when he says I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home for real happy and sad memories.
In this article, it shows a child who grew up in the lace that he/she thought was paradise on earth. The author tries to show you when you read this and feel that he/she is loved and loves where he/she is. It also creates a happy mood.
The mood in this memoir is subdued, with one exception. I say the mood is soft because it has a good sense of gratitude and it really tells everyone how much he appreciates his parents and their care. It also says there is racism and segregation, so in that passage (which is the exception) the mood is more of a rougher one, I say rougher, like in "rough life", had to Deal with racism and segregation. Going back to a softer mood, @PERSON1 also mentioned that his friend and she put meals on the table and have his family there on a regular basis, which reminds me that when someone is going through a tough time, the community goes through some culinary ninjas les to help me. That's great for Alegria (friends of @ORGANIZATION1). And, how are they going to house their families until they get back on their feet and feel like their families will do the same. for them. Finally, the last sentence of the last paragraph gives the feeling that they have turned the house into a home and will be comfortable. These all exude a soft feeling that means goodness and gratitude
The emotions in this memoir are joyous and joyful. This storyteller is telling happy things in their lives. They tell how they were born in a simple house. The heart of their home is the kitchen because they both love to cook. The family invited many people to their house for dinner. The child also talked about how grateful they are to their parents and how they thanked them repeatedly. They will never forget how their parents turned their simple house into a home. So through these examples, it can be seen that the mood of the memoir is happy.
In this memoir, the author tells you about many different emotions. Happiness is a mood that the author tells you. They are all happy because they can be together and have a good time. Another mood is caring. Her parents cared about others and kept their doors open for them. Love. Love is all around this house. They love all their friends and family and celebrate no matter what. They also show love by keeping people with them until they can get back there. One of the emotions in this memoir is courage, which these two showed when they got here, and they kept that courage for a long time. Especially when they go from doing such a heavy job to those great jobs.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is both sad and happy as he talks about what happened to his parents and the happy things about his parents. I think the writer is sad because they died, but he can be happy too. I think I would be sad and happy if my parents passed away. That's why I think the mood the author creates in his memoir is sad and happy. My parents were from Cuba and came to the United States in 1956. In 1961, I was born in this humble house. I think he's happy where he was born.
A clear mood is created in this author's memoir. He has said over and over again that he is very grateful to his parents and family. Furthermore, he describes that his house is always filled with amazing smells and Cuban music. It also said that there was always a feeling of love and happiness in the air that sometimes propelled them through the difficult times they faced. Another thing he said was that even though almost everyone was a different race, everyone got along and helped others. The last way I know he's in a good mood is when he says everyone is honest and hard working.
The mood the author created in his memoirs is very grateful. The author proves that you can be happy without spending a lot of money on a big house. Sometimes it's just simple things. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." The author makes it clear to readers that even if they May not be blood relatives, but they still treat each other like family. In the final sentence of the memoir, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This shows the reader that no house is without happy memories and lessons learned. Family.
Narciso Rodriguez creates an atmosphere of happiness and comfort in his memoirs. When he said "...all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." It showed me that they all have to be happy together. When Rodriguez describes how all the Cuban traditions his parents brought together come together, it makes me think he's happy with his home.
Excerpts from Narciso Rodriguez Created Mood 'Family: The Blueprint for Our Lives, thank you so much. 'I'm so grateful for this', 'I will always be grateful to my parents' @CAPS1 like these are scattered rescuers Excerpts coming out -ugh showing greatfulness, and loving his parents. Some other @CAPS1 like "they came unselfishly" and "...for a better life for their children. Throughout the excerpt he tries to express how grateful he is to his parents and the community. A single quote that can be read in paragraphs @NUM1 & @NUM2 is when thinking "it takes a village to raise a child" I think is how @ORGANIZATION1's community works .They're not just neighbors, they're family.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are happiness, love and gratitude. First of all, it makes me happy because of the way he describes his house and how delightful it is. "Cuban music (which I love to this day) is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." This sentence made me imagine the scene, and I was happy to think of the beautiful and pleasant environment. Second, it makes me feel love for the people I love, such as my family and friends. "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, . . . "them. In the end, it made me feel grateful to my family and friends. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. I will also be grateful. That's how I feel after reading this memoir.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is like a mellow mood. Almost like a funny feeling of love. When I read it, the author does place himself in the memoir. Second paragraph, use parentheses multiple times in the text. Brackets let the author see his reality. This helps to create a calm and rounded feeling. Overall, the mood is simple and fun. In the last sentence, the author once said "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". It basically describes the family not having much but making the most of what they have. The last sentence gives the whole memoir a calm and rounded feeling. All in all, the author of the memoir has created a mellow feeling throughout the memoir.
The emotions in the excerpt are somewhere between gratitude, caring, and effort, because that's how @PERSON1's emotions end up the way they create it, depending on the type of house he lives with them, and who @PERSON1 is. Another mood is also good, such as when he says "I was born in Newark, @LOCATION2, in a simple house explaining his mood about everything.
The mood the author creates is one of gratitude to parents. Narciso Rodriguez thanks parents for bravely coming to America. @CAPS2 realized they came to this country to give their kids a better life. His parents knew nothing about the @CAPS1 language. Rodriguez's parents had good jobs in Cuba and had to start their lives from scratch, all for Narciso. Rodriguez "often tells them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again." @CAPS2 Grateful to his parents for turning his tiny house into a home where family matters more than material things. The first sentence of Rodriguez's sixth paragraph says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This is a very good indicator that the emotion the author created was a sense of greatness for his parents.
The memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" creates a very warm and peaceful mood. The way the author describes her past life looks like she lived in a very loving and peaceful environment. She also created a Spanish theme that I could relate to. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, she said that she is passionate about Cuban music and that she is grateful that she can cook. She also said in the @NUM2 paragraph that she will never forget how her parents turned a simple house into a home. This quote fills the memoir with love.
The emotions in the memoir are gratitude, joy, and memory. Narciso is proud and grateful for his parents, who came here alone and had to start their lives over, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." They came to @LOCATION1 "to give their children a better life." " They struggled and took any job they could find, they fought for him so he didn't have to struggle. Narcisco admired them "for their own strength and perseverance." Narcisco set in the memoir a gratitude to his parents and all the hearts they had done for him. He is happy, the life they have created for him, is happy, they have done so well" I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. Narciso was his life, he Giving joy and gratitude to his parents.
The author creates a calm mood. Everything he said was in the same tone. Speaking of the kitchen at home, he also created a happy mood. Talking about the memories of his hometown, he is very calm. He remained calm when he talked about how caring his parents were. Overall, the mood of the whole article is calm.
The @CAPS1 the author created in this story are several different types of emotions. One of those moods is happy and beautiful @CAPS1. An example of this is when the author says "I learned how to love there. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." That shows a good @CAPS1 , because it's about love. The next example of a happy or good @CAPS1 is when the story states "Countless extended family members came and when - and often had some grumpy with us until they were able to get back on their feet." This shows a Happy @CAPS1 as they welcome people into the family there. Another @CAPS1 in the story is sad. An example is when it says "can't move into the most modern 3 bedroom apartment", which is a sad @CAPS1 because you always want the best for people, if poor people can afford a good place, then is sad. It also said "They are struggling both personally and financially. This is a sad @CAPS1 because they are difficult to get along with. There are more than @NUM1 @CAPS1s in this story, but I think the most important @CAPS1 It is love. An example of love is when it says "All cultures have come together in great unity and friendship. "That line is expressing love. This is the most important thing in this story @CAPS1, love.
The mood the author creates is that at first it's a moderately normal tune because he's just describing who he is, where he lives and what his life is like. Then in my opinion, the going to medium and ending changed a lot. Turns out it turned into a sad tone because it wasn't his life that was hard and how grateful he was. And what great people his parents looked like. for what they did to him. I got this answer, the beginning and end of the story tells how sad his life was, but he seemed to do his best and said he had a lot of fun, or whatever he did. That's my take on this story and my answer.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is gratitude. The author creates gratitude by repeatedly saying what his parents gave him, and he is grateful for it. First, he talks about how grateful he is that his parents got him interested in cooking. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their... Grateful)." This shows that the author is grateful to his parents for making him love cooking. Another time thanks to the author is in the @NUM2 paragraph. It said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." It can be seen that the author thanked his parents for their patience to come to @LOCATION1. In conclusion, the emotion the author creates in his memoir is one of gratitude. He is grateful for everything his parents gave him.
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, about how @CAPS1 grew up with parents who immigrated from Cuba, the author creates a warm and comforting mood. Emotions are comforting, for example, as @CAPS1 recounts how, his parents built a traditional Cuban home, a one-bedroom apartment. @CAPS1 describes his life as being kitchen centered and his parents always giving him the best. "@CAPS1 also said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice". I often tell them what they do is braver than I can."
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joyous. It makes me happy because it's nice to know that "family" has nothing to do with blood. This means that everyone around you who cares about you is your "family". The memoir is happy because I think if my parents were in the same situation as Narciso's parents, my parents would have done the same thing. My parents would also want, "Better life for their kids." @CAPS1 This memoir makes me happy because of how caring Narciso's parents were.
The mood of the memoir is happy. I know this because the Rodriguez family crossed the border from Cuba to the United States to live a better life. They came here in 1956 but had to wait until 1970 to be reunited with their aunt and @CAPS1. They now have a bigger house. They are grateful that they live in America.
In @PERSON1's memoir "@PERSON1", the whole story creates an atmosphere. Mood is a feeling displayed to readers through a literary work. In this particular piece, the atmosphere is proud and festive. @PERSON1 creates that vibe by using a variety of words and phrases. First @PERSON1 said, "My parents created our traditional Cuban house" which shows his family's pride because their house looks like it was made in Cuba. Also, the theme is festive as @PERSON1 describes the large gatherings and dinners that are often held in his house. Third, @ORGANIZATION1 created a festive mood when she wrote: "My parents welcome other refugees to celebrate their arrival in this country". The phrase created a holiday theme because his family all liked to get together with other people. In conclusion, the memoir "@PERSON2" runs through the entire literature, with the theme of joy and pride.
In this memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, I think there's only one emotion in @LOCATION1. I think the emotion the author is trying to make people feel is happiness. There are many examples that make me think so. I think one of the best examples is the last sentence "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" I think it's the best example of happiness because even if they didn't live in the biggest house , still satisfied with what they have. That's the mood I think the author created.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in Narciso Rodriguez is a deep sense of intimacy and selflessness that enriched Narciso's childhood. The mood Narciso created came from his memoirs, in which he lived a poor life but enriched his life through close connections with friends and family, overcoming racism and hard times. "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." The emotions Narciso creates show how his community behaves and show how close friends and family are. This is a sentiment that helps readers understand the Narciso community. The mood that Narciso creates is also one of selflessness, as Narciso describes his community as "one of those honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily themselves, are clearly in need. hand". @CAPS1, Narciso creates an atmosphere of intimacy and selflessness.
@PERSON1 is a short story about a boy who is very grateful and shows a lot of gratitude to his parents. Even moving to @LOCATION1, he feels at home. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says his parents hung Cuban stuff on the walls to make his new home look like the Cuban home he was when he got back to Cuba. I think in this short story he is grateful because he said in the @NUM2 paragraph that he will never forget how his parents turned this simple house into a home. @PERSON1 is a very calm and happy short story.
In this excerpt from @PERSON1 and the internationally acclaimed costume designer's memoir "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives", there is a unique sentiment of fond memories of a warm and loving environment, and an appreciation for the lessons learned in that environment. Great enthusiasm. Narciso mentions how his parents built a home for him, even though it meant making many, many sacrifices. He describes his @NUM1-room apartment as a "traditional Cuban residence with a kitchen at its heart". This quote is important because it begins to explain why his house has given him so many warm memories conveyed in his writing. Narciso explained how many of his neighbors were immigrants who came together and helped each other to form a big family. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." Many people in his neighborhood eat with Narciso's family, which makes Many of them are closer. At the end of the memoir, Narciso explains how grateful he is that his parents gave up life in Cuba to give him a better chance at @LOCATION1 despite their difficulties. This undeniable gratitude is a big part of this memoir.
Narciso Rodriguez loves his family and home very much. In his memoir, he talks about the sacrifices his parents made and how grateful he was for having moved to New Jersey for a better life for themselves and him, whatever the cost. His memoir is all about love and gratitude for his parents. He really wants people to feel the happiness he feels when he thinks of his home and the wonderful life his parents provided him. Aware of his luck, his memoir is very upbeat and shows that even in difficult times, you can enjoy life to the fullest.
In this memoir, there is more than one emotion. With love, friendship and happiness Narciso expressed her love for her parents and friends in the @NUM1 segment. "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together with great solidarity and friendship." The author is saying that everyone comes together and they all care about each other. She expressed friendship in paragraph @NUM2. When she said her nanny was her first friend. Finally, she expressed happiness. In the @NUM3 paragraph when she said "She will never forget how her parents turned this simple house into a home. You can tell she is happy and grateful to her parents. Here's @CAPS1 from the memoir mood.
Narciso Rodriguez is grateful for what his parents gave him, so that's the most important emotion in the memoir, gratitude. Rodriguez thanked his parents for coming from Cuba and giving him a better life. Although he said his parents had to leave "family, friends and careers in the country they love". Rodriguez is also grateful to his parents for teaching him selflessness + generosity. For example, he said, "There are often people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." It is very generous to help some people in this way. Overall, Rodriguez is grateful for his Cuban culture. Cuban culture includes cooking and music, but the most important thing is family, it's not about blood, it's about your respect + love for everyone. The mood of this memoir is grateful and presented in all these different ways.
The @CAPS1 created by the author in his memoir is inspiring. His memoir talks about growing up in gattr (which became a ghetto) in Newark, NJ, during his immigration. His neighbors are full of Spaniards @PERSON1 and Italian immigrants. His family would come over, they would have dinner together, and they would keep people in their houses until they got back on their feet. He had a childhood full of family and friendships. This is great.
The mood of the excerpt is very bright. The author describes her adventurous, loving parents. The author describes many things her parents gave her. "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban family... They shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking to I, still with me to this day... The innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, the endless celebrations of both, form the backdrop for life in our warm house." As you can see ,author. Narciso Rodriguez describes her young life and family in a happy and fulfilling way. Here is an excerpt of all the generosity spoken within the depths. Many scholars like to use these voices to express their personal feelings and opinions on the matter. In this case, the author would like to express the joy of her writing.
The author creates a very grateful/happy mood in his memoir. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, Narciso said "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. When he said that, he said he was happy to be with his parents. I talked about how he loved in my memoir His house, why he loves his house and all the good memories in that house, it shows that the mood of this memoir is one that is more happy than sad, like @NUM2 paragraph when he says "this is in this mix The warm middle house of the middle kitchen is a Cuban feast, and the air is full of not only music, but life and love. ' when he said in the @NUM2 paragraph 'Here I learned real home defense. To that end, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love.
The mood created by @CAPS1 in the memoir is happy. I think it's happy because of what it says in the @NUM1 paragraph. "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures are united in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS2 That means a happy and friendly family. Anyway, here's the mood I think @CAPS1 created and some of the reasons why.
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoirs is interesting. First, his parents "originally from Cuba, but arrived in the US in 1956. After a year in a furnished studio apartment, Rawedia Maria, 21, and @ORGANIZATION1, 27, were able to afford to move into the humble The three-bedroom apartment in my home that I will soon call home. "I was born in 1961 in this simple house in a two-family golden brick building in the Ironbound district of Newark, New Jersey. This is the mood of the author
The mood in this memoir seems to be one of gratitude. I say this because Narciso said he was grateful to have parents who left everything behind so he could have a better life. He also sounded grateful when he talked about how the Spaniards, Cubans and Italians in his neighborhood would work together instead of discriminating against each other. He also mentioned that he learned the meaning of "family" in that house. By "family" he did not mean blood relatives. By family he meant everyone who would come into his apartment, and everyone in the building was family. He was in a grateful mood when he wrote his memoirs.
The memoir creates a warm, moving atmosphere as it tells about his childhood. I especially want him to say that "the innocent childhood here, the gatherings of friends and family, and the endless celebrations make up the living background of our warm home" because it presents a holistic view of an ordinary day in his childhood. Plus, he says family "has nothing to do with blood, which really makes his memoir interesting because it's also teaching. All in all, it's a great memoir, a warm feeling that I won't forget, and I wish I could too. Write a memoir as heartwarming and entertaining as this one.
The author creates a happy mood. "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties," the author said, talking about how people are close and they don't have to be related to be a harmonious family. "My parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of the language or language," the author said. The author is proud of his parents for doing so, and it took a lot of courage.
The mood created by @CAPS1 is great as he talks about starting a new life and how grateful he is for his family. The way he is also happy is that he has his "family members like cousins, aunts, uncles and grandparents" by his side. He's also happy where he lives, he loves it, his friends and nannies live on him and know they're theirs. That's why I think the mood told through the stories and @CAPS2 words is a joy.
In the memoir, the author creates the sentiment that Narciso Rodriguez is proud of his Cuban culture and heritage, and that family is very important to him because in the @NUM1 paragraph "in this environment Growing up in middle school made me deeply feel that the family has nothing to do with blood ties” so accepting people as family.
The emotion the author creates in @CAPS2 is because parents are grateful for everything they do for their children. Friendly because they have "family" in America and they open their arms and doors for their "family". They also have the courage, because they don't give, try to learn the language and get a job. The last @CAPS1 of this @CAPS2 is from paragraph 7, happiness, the child has many memories of his/her Cuban origin, still listens to Cuban music, and was born and raised in the US.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author is delighted. The author describes his home as a family place. He thanked his parents for everything. The author enjoyed his childhood. He was surrounded by loving people and many friends. Such is the joy of the author of the memoir Narciso Rodriguez.
The author's tone is one that is gentle but happy. It's so gentle because he's describing how he grew up and what his life was like. For some, they can talk nonsense all day, but for most, they have to dig through the memory to get the right picture. For example, "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the centerpiece of which is the kitchen." @CAPS1's very happy part is probably the one he remembers most in detail. For example, "both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with me today." He remembers it better, probably It's because he cooks for his family with his parents' recipes.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of pride for sure. I think the reason the author is proud is because he explains how he grew up throughout his life. Also, growing up makes him proud, as he doesn't have many things, to become a famous fashion designer. Finally, the teacher's mood is also very proud, because he said, "I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home." @CAPS1, the author made him look proud of himself.
The emotions set by Narciso Rodriguez in Narciso Rodriguez's excerpts are emotions created by the author to reflect on your life and relive the great experiences that the author went through in his mind. Just think about all the good times the author has had with your family.
In "@PERSON1", the overall mood the author creates is gratitude and enthusiasm. Throughout the article, the author uses very warm words like "aroma", "endless", "inclusive", "instill". This shows that the author clearly wanted to convey a very rich and enthusiastic mood to the memoir. He was probably very moved and enthusiastic about the subject and wanted to convey it to his readers in a subtle way. Therefore, readers will feel a very rich and enthusiastic mood when reading the memoir. Another element in the paragraph adds gratitude to the overall mood of the story. The author has added bits and pieces of phrases in parentheses to let the reader feel the author's gratitude to his parents. Phrases like "(I am forever grateful)" and "(I love it to this day)" explain the gratitude readers feel. Another way the author creates this sentiment is to state "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents" in a more direct way. These phrases and statements show that the author is very grateful for what his parents have done for him, creating a feeling of gratitude. Thus, the emotion of "@PERSON1" is one of passion and gratitude, expressed through the words and statements chosen by the author. That's why I describe the mood of "@PERSON1" as very warm and grateful.
The mood of the memoir is one of happiness because it talks about a place where neighbors are like family, where everyone is very close. Like how Sergio and @PERSON1 became his surrogate grandparents when they were people living in a basement apartment. Alegria, his first friend usually has dinner with them. The entire memoir is about how his parents showed him what family meant and how he opened up to friends and neighbors.
The overall mood created by the authors of this memoir is one of total gratitude. The author is very, very grateful to the parents for their sacrifice, love, care and selflessness. He also created an emotion of happiness, unity and overall love that he had seen throughout his life. The author describes his gratitude to parents by recalling how they had to leave Cuba, their home country, friends, family, and jobs for their desire to give their desired children a better chance in life that could only be found in @@ LOCATION1 found. In his memoirs, he repeatedly thanked his parents for the love, care, family, friends and selflessness they brought into his life. He described how his parents had to make new friends and family from nearby and found a sense of love, friendship and solidarity. As his family grew, the author talks about how his small three-bedroom apartment as a child became a complete home. When all these details come together, there are also languages etc. “I thank them again and again,” an emotion and a feeling of total gratitude that can be felt throughout the memoir Narciso Rodriguez.
In my memoirs I describe the emotions that the authors created, and they worked very hard to create them.
The mood created by the author is one of great gratitude and joy in the memoir. For example, he said in the sixth paragraph, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows how grateful he is to them. He also thanks his friends and neighbors, and in the third paragraph, the author says that "family" has nothing to do with blood. "It shows that Narciso Rodriguez is very neighborly and his neighbors are showing the same happiness, gratitude, harmony. All these reasons explain Narciso Rodriguez's mood.
In @PERSON1's memoir "@PERSON1" he describes the mood at the time. The first is love. First, he said, "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives. Here, he said that your friends can be your family members or your loved ones. Second, he said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. Here, he says he is grateful for the life his parents gave him. In the end, he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. Here he says "He will never forget the time he lived at home with his family, summing up @PERSON1rodriguez description In this mood, but also his childhood was when he got to know the family.
He/she makes you try to be sad, I don't even know if it's true, but it didn't work.
The mood created by the memoir Narciso Rodriguez is very uplifting and happy. One of the reasons I think this memoir is uplifting and joyful is because it talks about Narciso's respect for his parents. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." I find this line meaningful and uplifting because he is basically thanking his parents for immigrating and giving him something better life. Another reason I think this article is uplifting and joyful is that in the @NUM2 paragraph it says "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. " People are uplifting because basically what he says about family doesn't always mean who you are related to, but the people around you who love you and support you. In the end, this article is heartening because it shows that love can make a difference.
In a memoir, the author creates the mood that a memoir can be done in two ways @CAPS1. First of all it's nice to be created and able to take advantage of America's beautiful friendliness. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives." @CAPS2 is knowing that if you have any hope you can achieve anything. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
In this memoir, the author creates a very specific mood that is the same throughout the memoir. The mood of this memoir is one of comfort and joy. That sentiment is one way @CAPS1 is talking about how their environment shows a strong sense of family, which I think is comforting and joyful when I think about family. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that family has nothing to do with blood relations." This shows the sentiment because his family always accepts people and makes them feel welcome @CAPS2 and the reason it's comforting and joyful is that it talks about how everyone is so nice to everyone they meet and friendly. "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, are clearly in need." That's how memoirs express joy and comfort.
In Narciso Rodriguez, a memoir from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates the atmosphere in the memoir of being a family. My parents shared the responsibility of cooking and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that still accompanies me to this day. "The thing my parents really got together was how to organize a family. This is how The mood created by the author is in the memoir.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is lavender. An example from the text says: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, like many immigrants, in order to give their children a better life. , even though it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love.” The @CAPS1 example in the article says: “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that they do more than I do Be braver. I often tell them to admire their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. But really, I can't express the generosity and importance of family that I've shown since I was a child. And friends are." All in all, Because of the love of his parents for him, they paid a lot, so he can live a happy and beautiful life.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is gratitude and happiness. I say this because I should be very grateful if my parents did, because everything they do is to make me happy and to have a better life. "I'm forever grateful for that." "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children." Wow, @CAPS1 got a lot from his/her parents, they are so strong and everything they do for their kids is for joy. That's why I chose these two moods in my memoir!
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is multifaceted. However, I think the main emotions in the memoir are joy and greatness. I think the mood of this story is happy because this story recounts all the good times @PERSON1 had in his house. For example, @PERSON1 said: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop of life in our warm house." And, I think the mood of the story Grateful too, because so many stories have to do with @PERSON1 thanking his parents for all their sacrifices and sacrifices for him. For example, at the end of the memoir @PERSON1 said "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." In a way, thank his parents for what they did. So, as you can see, these are the emotions that I think the author created in his memoir.
The emotions created in this memoir are very nerdy. How parents turned a 'simple house' into a 'traditional Cuban family' is shocking. Parents play "passionate Cuban music". The "Love of Cooking" helps create a family atmosphere that shows how much they love their heritage. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. This family loves to spend time and celebrate with each other. In short, the mood is loving, happy and caring.
When I read @CAPS1 Narciso Rodriguez, my mood is a sense of unity. I'm in this mood because he's always talking about being with his family and how the family he grew up really brings everyone in his family together, which makes him great for his family and his Cuba proud of the culture. His family means a lot to him, so another emotion might be love because he loves his family and the house he grew up in where he learned to love. His parents did a lot for him, "turning their simple house into a home". He learned everything he could think of from his parents and he loved them so much. These are the emotions I felt when I read Narciso Rodriguez.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, @CAPS1 creates a certain mood. Narciso Rodriguez creates a gentle mood that remains the same. @CAPS1 recounts how his parents "always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." This means @CAPS1 probably grew up without much violence. @CAPS1 also said that @CAPS1 "will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 wants to let his parents know that @CAPS1 loves them very much and let them know by thinking. At the end @CAPS1 @CAPS1 said @CAPS1 "will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." A tender feeling runs through the memoir as @CAPS1 always says the good things in his life, rather than a bad thing.
The mood created by @CAPS2 in the memoir is happy. First thing @CAPS1 is in a good mood In this memoir, @CAPS2 writes "passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day)" which means @CAPS3 really loves her cultural music. Another thing is that when @CAPS3 said "Growing up in this environment, I instilled in me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with blood and that you don't have to have a relationship with someone you really love to talk about. Relation to him / @CAPS3 is your family @CAPS5 just because he / @CAPS3 loves you and cares about you like you / @CAPS3. The last thing is when @CAPS2 says "I'll never forget how my parents became This simple house becomes home, which means @CAPS3 will never forget her family started small and grew big as their family went to their house where they stared at their new Life.
The atmosphere created in the memoir is Cuban culture and @CAPS1 home. This feeling can be described as warm. In the @NUM1 paragraph, @CAPS1 introduced the customs of his family for the first time. how is it going. @CAPS1 describes his house as simply Cuban music and the aroma of Cuban food flowing through it. @CAPS1 used to describe the feeling of his home, the feeling of the entire memoir. The house kind of drowns out the memory it feels like. Also, this memoir not only shows Cuban feel but also gives a family vibe (like how happy and united a family is) it expresses the closeness of @CAPS1 with his family
The author's mood in memory.
The author is @CAPS2, probably describing his happy @CAPS1. Because in the memoir it talks about how he loved his home and his parents cooking and music. He @CAPS2 thanks his parents for their caring and selflessness. He likes that his home is a community of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. He recalls his unforgettable birthdays and banquets, which makes him happy. This is a summary of my mood on Narciso Rodriguez's story.
In the memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" comes from Family: A Blueprint for Our Lives. Narciso is very grateful, grateful + optimistic. With every word, he thanked a particular person for bringing such greatness to his life. In the sixth paragraph, Narciso says, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents", which shows that Narciso is very grateful to his parents for bringing him to @LOCATION1 and making him what he is today, + he is Who. Narciso also showed a happy and grateful tone. He feels that being at @LOCATION1 has made his life so much better than it should or could have been in Cuba. In the end, Narciso seemed optimistic. Although he comes from a small family of two, he remains hopeful for his life at @LOCATION1 and thanked his parents for their generous sacrifices. In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", Narciso seems to be a grateful, grateful + optimistic person.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is both happy and uplifting, but also sad. An example of happiness is the way the author describes in the @NUM1 paragraph how his parents could afford to move into a better and bigger house, "Twenty-one @PERSON2 & Twenty-seven - Narciso Rodriguez Sr. (Narciso Rodriguez, Sr.) has the ability to move into a humble @NUM2 room apartment.” @CAPS1 The example of happiness is when he describes his parents renovating the apartment to look like a traditional Cuban home,” Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home." @CAPS1 An example of happiness is when he describes his solidarity and hardworking immigrant community, "In our neighborhood, all of these cultures have come together in great The unity and friendship come together.” The last example is when he mentions that many of his family and friends have graced their kitchen table many times. The memoir takes a change of heart about halfway through the @NUM3 paragraph, when it says: "Even if it means leaving their family, friends and caregivers in the country they love." This is parents leaving Cuba and their families When starting life with friends at @LOCATION1. The sad example of @CAPS1 is when it says "The barriers to work are so high and high that both my parents have to accept that they may not be able to find the kind of jobs they deserve." That means parents will be hard-pressed to find in @LOCATION1 work, and they may not get the pay they deserve. The various emotions the author sets in this memoir.
The mood the author describes in his memoir is a very happy feeling. I say this because the protagonist Narciso Rodriguez always mentions how grateful he is to his parents for helping him during his childhood. In the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." Also, the mood is a happy mood. I think it's because the story states, "When blatant racism becomes the norm...all cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." Even with racism, @CAPS1 is a friend.
The overall mood in Narciso's memoir is one of admiration and gratitude for the parents. He thanked him many times. Like @NUM1 paragraph. It said: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, Even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love.” @CAPS1 @NUM1 paragraph is all about his gratitude to his parents. Another example of him thanking his parents is the @NUM3 paragraph. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I could." Also, @NUM3's paragraph is all about his admiration for his parents. So, @CAPS1's sentiment in the memoir is love for his parents.
In Narciso Rodriguez's non-fiction memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso talks about his upbringing, his home, and the people around him. The author also considered his neighbouring family, not just his parents and siblings. "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood... a tight-knit community." (par @NUM1) This gives the memoir a friendly vibe, it shows The author loves his entire community. The author also invited his neighbours to his house and was very close to them. "Our landlord and his daughter Alegria...live on us, and Alegria often graces our kitchen table...and is often at the table...my surrogate grandparents." ( par @NUM2) This gives the memoir a homey vibe, and the author always has friends and neighbors over for dinner. The author also talks about his gratitude to his parents. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." (par @NUM3) This brings a sweet mood to the memoir, where the author expresses his happiness and gratitude for what his parents have done for him. All in all, the author creates a very sweet, seductive mood by adding details of how happy and joyful his childhood was.
The author is in a good mood. He is very proud of his way of life. The most important thing in his life is family. His family cared about him and took care of him no matter what, and he is very grateful to all of them.
The mood created by the author is a warm and comfortable feeling. He talks about his family life, where his parents had to give up everything they had in Cuba to come here and start over. Everyone huddled in the dining room to eat and he made everything sound good.
The mood created in this memoir is comfort. For me, it's comforting because it's a very happy memoir, and these two young people keep inviting others to their house. They also let people stay until they can get back on their feet. There is no grief for me, just a happy and loving family that comforts me. Another point is the way of life. I love that they are proud of their Cuban heritage. They listen to Cuban music and always cook Cuban food. I love it when people are not afraid to be themselves. It's comforting to know that everyone is happy. That's why the mood I've created in this memoir is comforting.
The mood the author creates is grateful and happy. The author is explaining the feelings and feelings of the boy in the memoir. The boy thinks his parents are really great and he thinks he will never be like them. He is also grateful that he has a house and parents like yours. He admired his parents and what they did. He will never forget growing up and living in that house. The author's purpose is to show you how grateful someone's parents are when they immigrated to @LOCATION1 from Cuba.
The author created a mood in @CAPS1's memoir. Here are some points that can help support this bracket to identify a new emotion, his gratitude, and his view of things. First, the brackets identify a new mood. The new tone comes when it goes from the sentence to the parentheses, and back again. That's why I wrote this story, "Passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." @CAPS2, his gratitude. @CAPS1 Thanks a lot for how things turned out. Another reason here comes from this story. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." @CAPS3, his take on things. @CAPS1 had a very lucky time in his eyes. At the end of the day, these are the reasons for the author's parentheses, gratitude, and the emotions his point of view creates.
The author of the memoir is in a very happy mood. I think it sounds like a kid from a great family talking, she's one of the greatest I've ever read because she said "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home ".
Narciso Rodriguez creates a truly original mood in the excerpts. I would say he expresses a feeling of gratitude in the excerpt. He constantly expressed his gratitude to his parents for their selflessness and courage. An example of Narciso creating gratitude is when he said, "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was a braver thing that I could have done. " The words showed Narciso's gratitude to his parents. In another example of Narciso expressing gratitude, he said: "They are here, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and loved ones. The cause of the country." In this quote, Rodriguez shows that he knows what it takes to be here, that he knows the loss his parents have gone through, and that he is truly grateful for that.
I believe the mood created by the author is happy and loving. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states that "Growing up in an environment made me feel deeply that family has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 Not only are your blood-related people your family, but your friends and your side of anyone. The excerpt also says, "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival in this country and my first birthday there." This shows how much everyone loves each other. The final excerpt says: "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not only scent and music, but life and love. It was here that I learned The true definition of family." This part makes you feel warm and happy about family.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a variety of mood @CAPS2 memoirs. In the second paragraph, the author recounts how much culture is incorporated into his home "My young parents created our traditional Cuban home." @CAPS1 also told how much @CAPS1 is grateful to his parents for instilling a love of cooking and Cuban music in him. This gives you a feeling of home, warm and comfortable and most importantly full of energy. In the third paragraph, Attor tells how a family has nothing to do with blood relatives. "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives." @CAPS2 From the memoir you really start to see the author's perspective on family and the definition of family. In the sixth paragraph, you can see the author's gratitude to his parents, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." It gives a wonderful mood. In the third and fourth paragraphs, the author talks about the feeling of unity and how his parents always kept the door open for those in need, and how the whole community was like a family "culturally blended together to form great unity and friendship". "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family..." The general mood is that all the emotions come together to create a sense of family and community.
People make sacrifices for their loved ones. This is called selflessness. In the story, Narciso's parents are selfless. They leave family and friends to give their son a better life. The author creates a pleasant and warm mood. Narciso is very grateful. He said he "learned the definition of 'family'". His parents wanted him to have a better life. They gave up a lot, and he recognized that. Rodriguez realized that his parents were very hardworking. He respects his parents and loves what they have done for him. "I often tell them that what they do is braver than what I do. It's good to know that someone will do anything for you. Family is very important. @PERSON1 mentioned that his neighbors are immigrants. They also left their families. and only each other. Knowing that you have people like family is incredible. While they can never replace blood relatives, friends are secondary. I think growing up, @PERSON1 learned very important lessons. Put others before yourself and work hard.
The author's @CAPS1 is sentimental, sad and happy at the same time. I think @CAPS1 is mostly sentimental as the family moved to @LOCATION1 and kinda recalls fond memories of what happened in Cuba.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, have a good mood. The author talks about "passionate Cuban music mixed with the aroma of the kitchen" in the @NUM1 segment, which makes the house look very happy and joyful. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author also says "within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban family, the heart of our kitchen," which makes the author seem happy because they love to cook. Narciso Rodriguez talks about "It was in this simple house where my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their coming to this country, @CAPS1 celebrated my first birthday", the vibe seems to be that everyone loves to come here House. The whole memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" makes the mood seem very happy and warm.
The mood of this memoir by the author is one of gratitude and/or gratitude. The mood is grateful because in the first few paragraphs it mentioned how their home is not of high quality, they are not living a normal middle class life but seriously low life. However, throughout the excerpt, it is mentioned how they made up for their lack of quality by getting together as a "family". Family refers to how other immigrants stick together and help each other. Narciso mentioned that even though his family had little to share, they would always share what they had to offer with anyone who needed it. Through this example, largely set by his parents, he learned life lessons that he will never forget, and will always be grateful and grateful for what his parents showed him.
The emotions created by memoirs manifest in many ways. Demonstrate happy positive emotions through positive words, often mentioned thanks and a comfortable environment. Positive words are often mentioned in the article, such as @CAPS1 "a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to people" where honesty, hard work and peas "reach out" hand," (meaning to offer help) all evoke a happy mood. The author is constantly thankful for things, as the memoir says "(I am forever grateful for it)", giving a happy mood because people are only grateful for positive things. In the end, this positive emotion is manifested through a setting that sounds happy and is described as beautiful. As in the memoir @CAPS1 "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, with the kitchen at its heart." This description of the environment reveals a clear sense of joy and comfort, positive emotions. The mood a memoir creates is joyful, positive, and beautiful, because the memoir is worded in positive words, often mentions gratitude, and the setting is great.
The emotions in the memoir are calm and grateful. Calm because there is no conflict. The grateful part is that he is always grateful to his parents for their sacrifices. How they do it for the next generation. The emotions in this memoir are calm and grateful
Before reading @PERSON1, I don't think I read anyone happier than @PERSON1. @PERSON1 happy to be a @CAPS1 citizen and still happy to have a background in another country (Cuba in this case). @PERSON1 is lucky to have his own house. It's in a great neighborhood and the kitchen is the main part of the house. @PERSON1 is very proud of where he lives, even though his house is not a mansion or even close to a big one. @PERSON1 very happy for his parents, most importantly. Without his parents, he would live in Cuba and would not know his good neighbors and all his family and friends.
The emotion the author creates is how much the author misses his or her home, whether she or he was born and raised. I think the alien misses that fulfillment more than anyone else, she or he wants that @CAPS1 back. The author will never forget what happened in that house and what the author did and @CAPS1.
In his memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez," from Home: The Blueprints of Our life, Narciso Rodriguez talks about what he thinks the definition of "family" is. He's specific, he sees "home" not as blood relatives, but as friends and family coming together to form a community. Everyone helps everyone and everyone is treated fairly and with respect. He sets a very specific mood in this memoir, that everyone comes together. People may get that sense of happiness and fulfillment after doing good things for others. Narciso Rodriguez talks about how his table is always full of family and sometimes friends. The doors of his home are always open to those in need. When you read his memoirs, you really understand what "family" is. Feelings of love, openness, willingness and happiness. You will help others and be with those you love and those who love you. The emotions that Narciso Rodriguez sets in this memoir are so powerful, it really makes people stop and think.
In the memoir, the author creates a happy mood. In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez talks about the things he loved and was grateful for since he was a child. He does this by talking about how his kitchen table is surrounded by his "family." Or as he puts it, "the countloss family members go on crutches." This shows that there are always people around. He also said he was grateful to his parents for coming to @LOCATION1 "to give their children a better life". In the end he said he was grateful to his parents "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 In the memoir, the author creates a happy pattern by talking about his childhood surrounded by family and thanking his parents The sacrifices made to give him a better life.
This @CAPS2 has a good moud @CAPS1. Mood is a feeling of warmth and happiness. When you read @CAPS2, you feel @CAPS4. Just like in your own home. But only a little bit different. This time you are reading @CAPS2. It does explain what is going on. It also provides a lot of past information. I love @CAPS2. But @PERSON1 seems to really enjoy being Cuban. @CAPS7 @CAPS5 really love her Cuban food. Her family is great @CAPS6. When @CAPS7 was a kid, @LOCATION1 was a bad place. The reason for this is racism and apartheid. But the other sensible @CAPS7 lives a good life.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. I think that emotion is love because he talks about the love and support his whole family has. An example is when he said "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and loved ones. The cause of the country." To me, that means his parents loved him so much (even though he wasn't even born) that they sacrificed everything they had for their children. That's why I think emotion is love.
Memoir Narciso Rodriguez From the blueprint of our lives, there is a mood. Very happy and positive mood, loved by friends and family, for example they just moved away from Cuba just for a better life for him. It was also very helpful and hard work because even though their friends and family were in Cuba as the parents moved to New Jersey to start a new life and make a home for their children. Such is the mood of the memoir Narciso Rodriguez.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, he felt great enthusiasm and love. He detailed his culture and said what it means to him. He also felt love, love for the family and friends who were always by his side. He said the family went further than blood.
The atmosphere of the story is a little sad and a little happy. It's sad because he comes from a poor family and is an immigrant. But happy because he finally understands what family means, that's the mood of the story.
I feel that the mood is a very happy and fulfilling mood. The speaker is very happy with her life and upbringing. Narciso seems very grateful to her parents and everyone around her and her entire upbringing. And about her neighbors. How happy everyone is, all friends, and her neighbors are a lot of eccentrics.
How do you feel about memoirs? The mood is elated. One reason is because "my parents created our traditional Cuban home with the kitchen at its core." This seems like a joy to me, since moving from your country can be difficult. So his parents brought some Cuban. That's the reason for the elation.
In this memoir, the author creates a very calm and relaxed mood. The author talks about how family has nothing to do with blood, and how a house doesn't have to be spectacular to be a home. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," the author said in his memoir. It basically means creating a great place to live with all the love and care his parents have for him and his neighbors. The mood is also very hopeful. This is because the author's parents came to America with nothing, but through their efforts, they overcame difficulties and helped others nearby. Another emotion of the story is that of love, because even though his neighbors are not his blood relatives, he loves them as much as he loves them.
In 1956, Narciso Rodriguez's parents came to America and bought a @NUM1 room apartment. In 1961, Narciso was born and @CAPS1 started his life. In this story, Narciso describes his childhood. The home is likely to be a traditional Cuban one, including a kitchen that is the heart of the home. His parents both like to cook and listen to Cuban music. Narciso says, "The passionate Cuban music is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." @CAPS1 also has a good sense of family. Not just those who relate to you, but those who care about you. Although people are different (customs or cultures), they still come together. People often come to Narciso's home to stay while they recover, believing they are doing it for each other. Narciso is very grateful for the love and sacrifice of her parents. They taught narciso about the true meaning of love and family, and they also created a home with memories that @CAPS1 will never forget.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is very soft and compassionate. The reason I describe this sentiment as soft and compassionate is. When Narciso Rodriguez describes growing up in Cuba with his parents, he never mentions anything about his hatred of his family and living in Cuba. However, he described all the things he loved growing up as a child, for example, saying "Growing up in this environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. It shows that just because you don't have blood. Relationships don't mean you're not family. Another reason I describe the author's mood as compassionate is at the end of my memoir Narciso Rodriguez: "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a become a home. "In short, these are how I describe the emotions the author creates as soft and compassionate.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are gratitude and joy for what they have. The author values relationships, and he is grateful to have his "family." He said: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. On the contrary, our community used to be mainly composed of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. racism became the norm and apartheid prevailed in @LOCATION1" In other words, he said he was lucky to have what he had, a "family". Feeling lucky for what you have is also synonymous with gratitude, which means the emotion of this memoir is grateful. He also said that his family opened their doors and arms to show that they would give others some of what they had, that they knew that others had less, and that they were grateful for what they had. Mood, meaning tone or feeling, so this mood is grateful and happy.
In this memoir from @PERSON1, he sets the overall vibe for his "definition of family." Rodriguez's parents, or Cuban immigrants, lived in a community full of all different ethnic groups. "Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants" make up their community. The Rodriguez family is huge and their doors are open to anyone in need. Dinner at their house is always full. The mood setter is one of those very kind and helpful characters. Families are not just "blood relatives", they are people you care about and help, or help you. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
In this memoir, the author creates a feeling of gratitude. To support such a claim, I will provide evidence. The article reads: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. This clearly shows how the author has worked hard to create a feeling of gratitude. His gratitude to his parents is showing. Also, they are like many immigrants. Just as selfless came here to give the children there a better life. This shows how the family left some troubled lives for the children there, so that the children are very grateful. The emotion created by the author is gratitude Yes, abandoned. Whole memoir.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author creates a mood. First of all, the author expresses his feelings in this part "My parents shared the culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their rich cooking skills and love of cooking, which is still with me to this day. Passionate The Cuban music is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. The author uses music and cooking to express a warm and beautiful family feeling. Next, the author expresses a warm feeling of children's hood here: "Here, the children's clothing's Innocence, family and friends of the congregation, and endless festivities form the living background of our warm home. "The author had a wonderful childhood with friends and family enjoying the spectacle of their home. That's the mood the author set.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of joy and love. When the author says, "Growing up in an environment like this instills in me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with bloodline." This creates a feeling of love, because the author is pretty much saying that one can Being so close to you and loving you that you see them as family, even if you're not actually even blood related. When the author said: "They came here selflessly, like immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved. " Shows that Narciso's parents love their children very much and they want them to have a better life and happiness. This is the mood created by the author in this memoir.
The mood the author creates in her memoir is grateful as Narciso is so excited to be with her family at @LOCATION1. Line @NUM2- in paragraph @NUM1. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did is braver than I could. I often tell them of my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again , which is why the mood the author creates in his memoirs is great.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs can be described in a number of ways. There are a few things to consider here. First of all, the author's mood is that I think great. e.g. "(I'm thankful for everyone now)...(I've always loved it). The author's second mood is appreciation. e.g. "I'll never forget how my parents made it easy house became home. "@CAPS1 I think the author's other emotion is definitely love. I know that because he talks a lot about love and about his family and friends. Like "I'll never forget that house, or that it was kind neighbors, Or maybe I learned a lot about how to love there. In conclusion, an author's mood can be described in many different ways.
The mood created in this memoir is happy and warm. The first is to talk about what Narciso learned at home. Cuban music "makes me [Narciso] the door that I am today". As well as cooking skills, "I'm forever grateful." Narciso is happy and therefore in a good mood. Narciso also spoke about the grat community. "It's a tight-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants who stretched out a hand..." Narciso details beautiful things, like community. The author also describes the selflessness of many immigrants, including her parents. "They came selflessly...to give their children a better life." Narciso Rodriguez describes the many positive effects of her parents as immigrants. Due to positivity, a happy mood is created.
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author sets a happy tone throughout the story. Narcisco talks about how he moved into a three bedroom apartment when he moved to @LOCATION1. He brings a love of cooking with him. "Both my parents shared the culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking, which I still do today. Narciso is so grateful to his parents for coming to @LOCATION1 to help him make His home looked more like a traditional Cuban family. "It was a simple house where my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival in the country and my first birthday there. In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air with scent and music, and life and love. It was here that I learned the true definition of "family," and for that I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. "
The mood of the story is like a sad story and then it leads to a happy ending. Sad to begin with because the family moved from Cuba to @ORGANIZATION1. They know nothing about language or tradition. When they move into an apartment and get a job, they become happier. That's the mood of the story.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is very sad, loving, and caring. @CAPS2 @NUM1 said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice; I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did." @CAPS1 He has a lot of respect for his parents and thank them for helping him Create a good life. Also in the @CAPS2 @NUM1 state, "They showed me their lives and these teachings have always been the foundation of my life." @CAPS1 You always go back to your roots no matter what. And the importance of family and friends. A real "family" through the eyes of this kids @CAPS1.
Based on Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", I believe @CAPS1 is trying to reconstruct his/her past in a way that teaches the reader important life lessons about home and family, such as "It's here that I learned what family really is Meaning, you can turn a simple house into a home."
In this excerpt from Narciso Rodriguez, "Narciso Rodriguez" is a sad story. The author's mood is to tell sad and happy stories at the same time. One example is when his parents left Cuba for a better place for their son. His parents have good jobs in Cuba. His mother is chemistry @ORGANIZATION1. His father works in the laboratory. "In Cuba @PERSON2, worked in a lab, @LOCATION1 studied chemical engineering." The mood of the writer of this story is sad.
He thanked his parents for touching him and thought it was very good. He said he didn't think he would do that, so it made sense to him. His parents are here to give him a better life, even if they leave relatives behind.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, there are two conflicting emotions. From chapters 1 to 6, Narciso says in his community that "all cultures come together in solidarity and friendship." Rodriguez also gave an in-depth description. He mentioned Cuban cooking and music without missing a single detail. There was so much happiness and happiness in the beginning, but it quickly faded away as Narciso talked about his parents. Narciso's parents @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 both sacrificed their lives to live in @LOCATION1. "In @ORGANIZATION1, Maria has a top-notch career, but in @LOCATION1 it's the complete opposite." They'll take any job they can find. When Rodriguez described how grateful he was for his parents, that sentiment quickly faded. Narciso is lucky to have parents like @PERSON2 and Maria to take care of him.
According to the memoir, the emotion the author created was that he was grateful for everything his parents gave him. For example, he said in the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will always be grateful for my parents' love and sacrifice." Narciso always tells his parents how grateful he is to them. But Narciso said: "But there's really no way to express my gratitude."
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. Shows the various memories of a family in a house. As the memoir states, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. A house is a house, and it doesn't mean to people It means a lot, anyone can go there. But home is where you live, where you grow up and have all your memories, it's just a better place
In The Blueprints of Our life's memoir, @PERSON1, the author creates a mood of happiness. The mood in the memoir is joy. This is because his mother showed him how to love. To quote her...the air is always full of not just smell and music, but life and love. There I learned the true definition of "family". So many family members are not your loved ones or blood relatives. I love that her mom lets anyone who gets there come to the table. The mood created by the author is the joy in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez".
From "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives. Narciso Rodriguez created an atmosphere for their family life. Narciso talks about family life and his parents' cooking. He is very grateful to his parents for cooking and how he learns from them. In the third paragraph, it says "Growing up in this environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." This shows that he treats everyone around him as family, not just his blood relatives. He made it clear by talking about how his surrogate grandparents lived in the basement, and he didn't know his real grandparents until 1970, when they were allowed to leave Cuba. He always thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. The entire memoir is about love and family, and it creates a positive mood for the reader.
The mood in the memoir is calm. It's not very stressful and frustrating. An example of calm is in the @NUM1 paragraph, when the word is in brackets, it's like the person is talking to you. Also it just states the facts and @CAPS1. Another calming example of how @CAPS1 is happy and not sad. It has a process.
In the memoir, Narciso's "Narciso Rodriguez" shows emotion. In the first paragraph, it talks about where he came from. "My parents were originally from Cuba..." begins with a calm mood, and the third paragraph states the situation in the United States. "Our community is largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants..." It points to the popularity of @LOCATION2's new life and how it fits together (@CAPS1). In his memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez," Narciso's work expresses emotion in various places.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is very moving. The memoir explains how he grew up as a child, but he does have a family, and he is very grateful and proud of his parents' efforts to create new families in different countries without knowing the language. When I hear someone is @CAPS1, I can't help but think how Narciso has changed since @NUM1 grew up. Compared to what he has now, he is so great and happy. But he is grateful for all the deepest warm compassion @CAPS2 has learned from his parents and he knows that family is the most important thing you can have.
The mood of this memoir is fairly consistent throughout the work. This story is about how @PERSON1 parents created a home. His parents put love, unity, kindness and happiness in their home. He thanked his parents for bravely coming to @LOCATION1 and laying the foundation for their future lives. He thanked them for turning their simple house into a loving home. The mood of this piece is kindness and happiness. He was kind to his parents because he was brave and made them a family. In this post, he's glad his parents were brave enough to come to @LOCATION1, which is why this memory also has a happy mood.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates a very loving and caring mood. Throughout this memoir, Rodriguez cannot overemphasize the love, greatness and respect that @CAPS1 has for his parents. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, Narciso Rodriguez said "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice", meaning the sacrifices parents make for their children. @CAPS1 also said: "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance...but really, I can't express how grateful I am for their spirit and generosity..." @CAPS1 CARES CLASS His parents taught him a lot, @CAPS1 lived on them and will never forget them. But perhaps the most important thing Rodriguez said in this memoir is in the @NUM2 paragraph where @CAPS1 said "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This Letting all his parents teach him and sacrifice for him pays off. Give this simple sentence a great meaning.
In her memoir "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives," Narciso Rodriguez describes a sense of happiness and gratitude toward his parents. Rodriguez wrote: “…I am forever grateful for that” (@NUM1). Narciso Rodriguez thanked his parents for the wonderful things they taught him, like cooking. Another way to portray this happy mood is through his writing about people coming together. "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship," he wrote (@NUM2). He is delighted and grateful for the connections he has made with people of different cultures and ethnicities. Despite the racism around them, his parents were able to bring people together through warmth, helpfulness and friendliness. Finally, he is grateful for everything his parents sacrificed for him. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," he wrote (@NUM3). They told him that money is not everything and that family and friends are very important. They were capable of leaving him with many qualities that would benefit his life. He wrote that "these teachings have always been the foundation of my life" (@NUM3). The emotion is depicted as being happy and grateful for the lessons his parents taught.
The author creates an emotion that expresses his true love for his family and home by explaining his culture, his family, and his gratitude to his parents. He begins by detailing his culture "rich culinary skills...love of cooking...passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day)" and it sets the mood by showing his home The base is always full of his traditional food and art. He went on to talk about his family, which is "not related by blood," explaining how his real family is of many different cultures, "coming together in solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1, he thanked his parents for moving To @LOCATION1 for what he did for him and showing him how important family and friends are. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This is the sentiment expressed by quthor, through his culture, family, and thanks to his parents for giving him the foundation of his life.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, there is an emotion created by others. This emotion is a mix of factors. Love, generosity and greatness. The feeling of love comes from the bond between friends and family. To them, family is your community and friends. They keep people at home until they get back on their feet, and often have lots of people having dinner with them. The feeling of generosity comes from the selflessness of parents towards their children, friends and family. They will do good deeds for them. They even immigrated from Cuba to make a better life for them and their children. The great feeling comes from relatives and friends, because the parents are generous, the National People's Congress, and the author is also great. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," says the author. The emotions in this memoir are created by the people and families who lived there and went there.
The atmosphere is very hospitable. It starts with a beautiful and culturally rich apartment. Then talk about great food and great music. But in the end it left in a sadder tone, her parents leaving to make life better.
The atmosphere created by the author in his memoir is calm, with @CAPS1 saying: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, make up life in our warm house Background." She gives a feeling of calm and relaxation. Let's picture a peaceful environment.
Emotions in a memoir can be many things, but what really stands out to me is gratitude. One way for @CAPS1 to show this is for @CAPS1 to say: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice @CAPS1 is so grateful to her parents for bringing her to @LOCATION1 so @CAPS1 can have a great life. Another One way @CAPS1 said @CAPS1 is grateful for @CAPS1 saying, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. "@CAPS1 respects what she went through to make her life enjoyable, not like her parents' life. @CAPS1's way of saying thanks is @CAPS1 thanking her parents every day for what they did. "I thank them repeatedly ” @CAPS1 said in the @NUM1 paragraph. I don’t think @CAPS1 could have imagined what her life would have been like if her parents didn’t do it for her. That’s the mood I think in the memoir.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is gratitude. The author is grateful because he appreciates what his parents have done for him. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This sentence expresses the author's gratitude to his parents for giving the author a good life. He is also grateful for the generosity of his parents who helped him demonstrate the importance of family and friends. In the @ NUM1 paragraph, it also says: "However, really, I cannot express my testimony to the generosity and the importance of family and friends that impressed me at such a young age." The words speak to the gradient he has, no match for what his parents gave him. In short, the mood created by the author in the memoir is a gradient.
The emotion of the memoir is love. @PERSON1 and his family "...always open arms and doors to many who (they) consider family, knowing they will "do the same for (them)" (@NUM1) .Even "[their] community was mostly made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants when racism was the norm and segregation was rife in America" (@NUM2) they all cared about each other like a family. When they came to America before moving," Narciso , Sr. worked in the laboratory and Rawedia Maria studied chemical engineering. In the US, they had to start their lives completely over and do whatever job they could find" (@NUM3). They moved to the US and left their good jobs so their sons could live a life that Narciso didn't have A better life of course. He is full of gratitude. Throughout this memoir, the author keeps writing about all the care and love in the life of @PERSON1 and his family.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives", the mood created in the memoir is a cozy atmosphere. I know this because in the third paragraph it says "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood" which shows that he is comfortable in that house and community he developed family other than his blood relatives. Also in the last sentence of this memoir, it says, "I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home." This shows that if he is on the phone at home, the house must make him comfortable, Because home is where someone feels safe and comfortable.
The mood in the memoir given by the author reminds me of my home. Overall, it makes you feel warm or happy inside. In the second paragraph, when he's explaining his house, the auto-playing music reminds me of my house around the holidays; like when the music is playing, you'll sing along no matter how bad you are. You could say that the book gave the reader a very positive mood or a good "vibe".
The mood of this memoir is warm and comforting. Narcis talks about how families are still culturally rich and open to anyone who needs them. In paragraph NUM1, Narciso describes the "family" he lives/visits regularly. Clearly, their home opens with a warm heart.
The mood expressed by the author is happiness and love. In his memoir, he talks about how his parents came to @PERSON1 fearlessly, knowing nothing about language or culture. He also talked about when his family came, his mum and dad let them in with open arms, when someone needed help to get up. Parents are happy with what they do and with the people they love.
The mood of @CAPS1 in the memoir is happy and grateful, and the paragraph of gratitude is the paragraph of @NUM1. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoirs is very warm and full of love. The author explains how he grew up in his environment, which shows him that "family" doesn't necessarily mean blood. Everyone in his community came together in "great solidarity and friendship." Wherever the family went to the author's house, his parents would accept them because they knew they would be welcome if they were in the same situation. Therefore, they always open their arms and doors to people they consider family. The author also mentioned that he will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents, and the importance of family and friends. So all in all, the mood is warm and loving, because he learned the true meaning of "family" and learned how to love.
The mood in the memoir is very happy. The protagonist, Narciso Rodriguez, describes difficulties such as his "parents being unable to find suitable jobs" or "facing cultural difficulties". @CAPS1 Narciso talks about all the good things that happen. Like how his friend and nanny Alegria made him feel great, or how his parents gave him a love for cooking. One thing Narciso will never forget his parents' love and sacrifice. His parents always allowed the family to come and live. Sometimes just to help them get back on their feet. The emotions the author contains in her memoirs are described as her Narciso Rodriguez.
The emotions described in this memoir are primarily about love, solidarity, and culture. In Love, he shows that his parents emigrated mainly to give his children a better future. This is described in paragraph @NUM1. The unification shows that in their communities, most immigrants are always feasting and are very close to each other. This is explained in paragraph @NUM2, which says: "In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship.". His parents taught him how to cook his country's food and how to dance to what @NUM3 said about Cuban music. These are the types of emotions described in the memoir.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is gratitude, happiness, and love for life. First of all, the mood that the author creates in his memoirs is gratitude. This is a citation of the text. "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1, the mood created by the author of the memoir is a happy one. This is the evidence in the article. "The Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not just smell and music, but life and love." @CAPS2, the emotion the author creates in his memoir is to love his life . Here is a quote from the article. "I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love." Anyway, my main point here is to show you how happy Narciso is.
The mood the author creates is a feeling of happiness and warmth as he talks about how he enjoys his old home.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are grateful. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author said: "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (for which I will forever Be grateful)." The author proves and says how we are grateful. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph, the author says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This also speaks to the author's gratitude. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again." The author's gratitude is visible as he thanked his parents more than once. Finally in paragraph @NUM4, the author explains how he came to know the true definition of family. Then it says, "For that, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love." It also shows how grateful the author is, because it says How gracious he was to his neighbors and the many things he learned. The mood the author creates is very grateful.
They would sell the little furniture they had at the time
The mood created by the author is very touching. I think the sentiment is moving because Narciso Rodriguez is talking about how his community was largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants at a time when racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in America . Additionally, he had to share a house with a lot of people, his parents were struggling both personally and financially, and his parents couldn't find a job. That's why I feel so emotional.
The mood the author builds in his memoir is the beginning of his memoir, where he tells how his parents struggled to come to another country, had to deal with all kinds of problems, and the mood was really sad or full of suspense. In the middle of his memoir he talks about how he grew up in a family where everyone was very happy and most of them lived together and they had a lot of feasts and the mood became that he was with his family A happier mood or a happy mood at the end of the day, and at the end he talks about how he thanked his parents for giving him who he was and all the opportunities they gave him, which turned his mood into a grateful mood or a grateful mood. This is how the author creates all the emotions in his memoir.
The mood created by the author is mostly happiness and gratitude. Narciso's parents bravely came to @LOCATION1 without any knowledge of language and culture. Narciso is grateful and graceful for the love and sacrifice of his parents. Throughout the memoir, the designer is happy. He explained how peaceful and grateful his life is with his "family" by preserving Cuban culture and heritage. The authors say the sense of family has nothing to do with blood ties. Very sad for the @NUM1 and @DATE1 segments as Narciso describes the hardships his parents went through to get to @LOCATION1. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," he said. Throughout the memoir, the author describes how much he respected his parents, for example they not only told him the lessons of life, but showed him. Narciso Rodriguez ends the story on a happy note, saying he loves his parents for what they did for him, and this memoir has a variety of moods at some point, depending on what the author is saying. But mostly, the author is grateful.
In the memoir, the author creates a warm atmosphere. He showed us the smell and taste of food, he showed parental love, he was grateful for what he had.
The mood the author creates is one of appreciation, and some sympathy, for me. Here are @NUM1 people who gave up their home, job, family, friends in the hope that they can live a better life with their son in @LOCATION1. I have a lot of appreciation because this is just another example of how much our parents love us and want the best for us. I feel bad for the parents because they are from Cuba and moved to @LOCATION1. They don't know the language, they have to relearn everything and look for a job that needs imagrants. Most jobs don't take children, so parents have to work hard to support their sons. The love and devotion that our parents give us is unbelievable. Emotional setting is understanding and empathy for the people in this story.
The mood in this memoir can be described by any joy. The author sets a genuine sense of nostalgia for happy memories in his memoirs. One of the memories is the kitchen. Rodriguez describes the room as a very quiet place with music and traditional Cuban food. He said he remembered them and still loves them to this day. He also recalled the friends and naysayers he once had. Even in the time of @CAPS1.SA racism, friends still found a way to make them all happy and they all got it for a long time. Another fond memory he recalls is the life lessons his parents taught him. He said his parents were Cuban scientists but moved to @LOCATION1 to have a better home. This taught him a lesson that family is more important than money. Through these fond memories, Rodriguez said he found the true definition of family.
The mood author Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is one of unity and happiness. He explains his life, family, family and parents. "Family" is a great thing, he said, because he learned the true definition. He said he is most grateful to his loving and selfless parents. Narisco writes about how you don't have to be blood relatives to be family. He said he also thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. He said they showed him their lives, and those teachings have been the foundation of his life. He talks about his culture and how the heart of his home is his kitchen. He loves to cook and his parents taught him how to cook. He also said that in his community, cultures come together in unity and friendship. This is the mood created by the author in his memoirs.
In her memoir, Narciso Rodriguez talks about the meaning of family. Narciso Rodriguez is grateful to have such wonderful parents who immigrated to @LOCATION1. He seemed to be speaking in a tone of joy and gratitude.
Memoir author Narciso Rodriguez creates a mood of caring, joy and thoughtfulness. It's a good mood to share a good meal with one another by mentioning the Cuban traditions shared in the neighborhood between close friends and cooking in the kitchen. When Narciso talks about the good friends he has made from different cultures and knows the whole community like family, his mood is thoughtful and caring, because it shows that people really appreciate each other's company. The story also cares when Narciso talks about how his parents devoted their lives to making sure their children and those they know have a good life. Narciso shows a very caring mood in the memoir when he describes his parents struggling in the cold winter, but they always let others in. I also think a small and simple apartment they lived in was very important to Narciso because he repeated it several times. I think he did it to show a thoughtful mood, because the house is small, but makes it look bigger through the creativity of putting culture into it.
The mood the author creates is one of happiness, love and care. Not only does it show in his style, but the author also provides details that really set the mood. In the @NUM1 segment, the author describes the food as "rich culinary skills and a love of cooking" and the music as "passionate Cuban music...mixed with the aromas of the kitchen". This gives the scene a homely feel, as well as passages about many "family members" coming to eat. The author describes this and explains that it's all possible despite racism in this country because his parents worked so hard to reach their goals because they believed their children would have a better life than them . With all the details, the author creates a loving cultural influence that only great family and friends can find.
In a memoir about family, Narciso Rodriguez creates a love-filled mood. @CAPS1 created this sentiment by thanking his parents, welcoming family members into their homes and celebrating their heritage with them. Rodriguez created a feeling of love by thanking his parents. @CAPS1 thanks for their "love and sacrifice". @CAPS1 admires them and their courage. This shows a loving mood as it shows how much @CAPS1 cares and loves his parents. Family members are welcome to express their love at home. It said: "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, knowing they will do the same for us." This shows how important it is to welcome their loved ones. Celebrating traditions and coming together as a family creates a feeling of love. This shows that they were with each other on important occasions. It read: "...my parents welcome other refugees to celebrate their arrival in this country..." This provided a feeling of love, knowing that they could trust and love each other. In the memoir, Rodriguez creates a loving atmosphere by thanking parents, welcoming family members into their homes, and celebrating special occasions with them.
Happiness is the mood described in Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs. The entire memoir shows that he was happy with the choices his parents had to make for him. The result is success. An example of how happy the writer used to be to his parents was that he came from a culture that indicated he was Cuban and that he was proud of who he was. As stated in the memoir, both his parents left their good lives to come to America in order to give their children more opportunities. They've lost their jobs, don't know where to go, don't have @CAPS1, but they're willing to do anything so their kids can benefit. The author is very grateful for that because he wouldn't be here if it hadn't happened, so thanks to his parents for what he's done for him, it shows some of what's going on in his life.
The author creates a feeling of great gratitude to parents. His parents taught him how to cook Cuban style (he loves to cook). "(For this I will always be great)." His main greatness was their love and sacrifice. They take in people who need time to get back on their feet, he thinks it's amazing. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." He's not afraid to let them know, "I often tell them about my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again." @CAPS1 memoir, author who created a It is an emotion that he is very grateful for all the love and sacrifice of his parents, not only to himself, but to everyone they have helped.
I think one major emotion is gratitude that is made up of many different emotions. Other emotions are memory and joy. Emphasis on gratitude in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2. Narciso Rodriguez talks about thanking his parents for giving up so much to come to @LOCATION1 to give him a better life. He also talked about how his parents taught him the importance of family and friends. He shows recollections by talking about what his house was like and what the people who make it up were like. Finally, happiness, mainly his mood as he reminisces about his past and his family. That was the emotion he remembered.
In this memoir about @PERSON1, readers learn a lot about @CAPS1 through the mood (or tone) of the memoir. The mood of this memoir is great as he is considering all the opportunities he has had since his parents were so caring and selfless. In memory, readers learn that parents sacrifice so much for their children that helping and thanking them at home is the least they can do. All in all, the mood in the memoir Home: Our Lives by Narciso Rodriguez @CAPS2 lithography is joyous and grateful for the sacrifices of his parents. A good quote for this is "even if it means leaving their family, friends and career in the country they love".
The mood the author creates in his memoir is admirable. First of all, @CAPS2 is proud of his parents as they share "cooking duties and chores". @CAPS1 of all @CAPS2 feels @CAPS3 understands Cuban background, @CAPS2 is proud because his parents are Cuban. @CAPS2 is very much admired by his parents because @CAPS2 is proud to be a Cuban duo. This is the mood created by the author in momoir.
This memoir reflects on the memories and traditions created in a Cuban family. The author creates a sense of happiness and gratitude throughout the story. @CAPS1 uses words like "passionate", "rich" and "thankful" to describe his family and house. @CAPS1 also created a sense of pride for his parents and family. @CAPS1 discusses how his family has been growing. His parents' doors were always open to everyone. Thank you @CAPS1 for this and think @CAPS1 is lucky to have such a close-knit community of friends and family. The author also mentions the adventures and sacrifices of his parents to America. @CAPS1 Proud and grateful for his parents. @CAPS1 said his parents said: "Come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture." @CAPS1 very proud because his parents were so selfless and gave everything to make their future better . @CAPS1 is thankful and grateful for all his parents and family have done. As the author mentions all of this, the readers themselves @MONTH1 remember their childhood. Some @MONTH1s are totally relevant to the story, while others mocked that they also remember some parts of their parents. At the end of the day, the author was right, it was the parents who turned this humble house into a loving home.
The author creates a loving and caring mood. He makes you feel like you too can be invited to their house with open arms. If you're feeling down, they'll pick you up with a hot meal and a cozy bead. He described them leaving Cuba for a land of opportunity. This family is filled with the most important things needed to survive, @CAPS1.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, it gives a cheerful, happy, safe mood. Paragraph @NUM1 explains a traditional Cuban family, including cooking, music and everything. Just like at my house, only @CAPS1 stuff, not Cuban. Additionally, the narrator explains how everyone in the neighborhood became a tight-knit family of Cubans, Spaniards, and Italians. No one hurts each other, and everyone helps when things go wrong, giving a sense of security. Finally, all of the @NUM2 and @NUM3 paragraphs explain how his parents risked everything to get into @CAPS2. My parents did the same thing and it makes me so happy they did. So, for the narrator, it could be the same. All in all, the memoir has a good and happy mood.
The mood the author creates in the memoir is silent at first, it's about moving to a new country, they do seem to face it, they'd prefer to give the kids there a better life, and in the end it sounds like they really are Happy they welcome people who have moved there from other places and welcome them I think overall it's a happy mood the author has created
Mood makes @CAPS1, the author of the memoir is grateful and loving. In one of the passages, Narciso said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 By saying this, @CAPS2 is saying that @CAPS2 is grateful that his parents would give up their lives for him as they knew it. @CAPS2 said @CAPS2 learned the true definition of "family". @CAPS2 Know that one family member will give up anything to help another family member. @CAPS2 also said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." His family helped create a wonderful home with love.
The mood created in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is very happy. Good mood because all the good stuff you read @CAPS1 puts you in a good mood. An example is "Growing up in an environment like this made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 to me means anyone can be your family.
I think the overall mood created by the author is comfort. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, the author writes, "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." The author tries to set the scene to give the reader a good idea of what it's like to grow up in his family. Also, the fact that they take in relatives and help them start their lives again is comforting. In the @NUM2 paragraph, he wrote: "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." Families know that if they need shelter, theirs will too Do the same for them. Finally, the love and care in the house is very strong. Paragraph @NUM3 is about how much the author cared about his parents, thank them so much. The comfort of home is very important to author Narciso Rodriguez and his extended family.
The author is in a confused mood, and towards the end, it changes your happiness. I thought it was in a weird mood at first because he wanted to know what "home" meant. It was later changed to happiness, because now the author knows what "home" is.
Fashion designer Narciso Rodriguez believes in friendship and family values. In an anthology from Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, he describes the moods or feelings the author created during his childhood with family members and those who helped. Narciso said everyone in his neighborhood was "immigrants reaching out to those who, although not necessarily of their own kind, were clearly in need." This is especially helpful at a time when racism and segregation are prevalent in the United States. Second, in the Narciso family, everyone has a sense of family. Often people live in his house because they need a place to stay temporarily until they get back on their feet. Rodriguez believes these guys will do the same for them in return. In the end, Narciso cannot express how grateful he is to be valued by friends and family early in his life. If it weren't for his parents stressing that family is more than your blood relatives, he would never have believed that family and helping hands are so important. Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs pervade an air of family quality and helpfulness.
@CAPS1 Written in first person narration. @CAPS2 sets the tone for how proud he is of his Cuban ties and legacy. He is also very happy and proud because he has great parents and a great house and a very rich memory of all of those things. He also explained and talked about others and how difficult it was to leave Cuba and come to the United States. This is how @CAPS1 set the tone for this story.
The mood in this memoir is joyous. I think it's a good mood because Narciso Rodriguez is grateful for most things in his life. In the Narciso community at @CAPS1, we have come together in great unity and friendship. Although they have different cultures.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, what emotions did the author create? The mood the author created when writing this passage is very cultural. Because her reason is. He uses great detail when describing the character's home. For example, @CAPS1 Cuban music (which I love to this day). This shows that there is some beautiful cultural music. Another way is that when he says, he is in a cultural context. "My young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland." It shows they brought what they had in Cuba to @LOCATION1. They also want it to be like the home they miss. In this memoir, @MONTH1 has other ways to describe the emotions created by the author. But I think cultural sentiment is one of the bigger emotions. That's what I'm showing you in these two paragraphs.
A house is not a home without a family, and a family is not a family without footprints, struggle and happiness. The emotions in the memoir are meant to show what family is, it's not just blood. It's unity, friendship and laughter, it's tears, pain and heartache. It's about how you start in the ghetto and work your way up, but one thing that never changes is family. Home is not about the physical space of the residence, but about the relationships and memories you make there. Home is where unity, contentment, happiness and imagination come together in a disorganized way, but that doesn't mean it's not like racism that almost every minority has to deal with, even Narciso Rowe Driggs also dealt with it. I deal with it, I'm called cookies and n**** every day, I don't know how I'm going to get through it without my family.
The author of this memoir creates a mood that shows how @CAPS1 feels about the house and his parents. He appreciates the house and is grateful to his parents. He thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. He is grateful for their love and concern for him. He said: "I often tell them that what they do is braver than I have ever done. I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance." @CAPS1 appreciates the house and how his parents are Make it a home. He appreciates how his parents always embraced and opened their doors to the many people they considered family. So, in this memoir, the author creates an emotion of gratitude and gratitude.
Emotions created by @CAPS1 in memoir. The @CAPS1 memoirs in the cube are the real grandfather, aunt @CAPS2 and their cousins Arnold, Maria, and last but not least Rosemary who also lives here. Life is much better for children with language or culture
The author of this memoir gave it a mood. The mood is very loving because parents give everything to make life easier for their children. There's also a very friendly and caring feel because the article says their community is mostly immigrants, and they're a tight-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants who reach out to those in need. I would say that all the emotions in this memoir are love, caring, friendship and equality.
In his memoirs, the author creates a mood of happiness and contentment. This has a blissful mood because it fills you with happiness, knowing that everyone can be a family, no matter what race, and realizing that anyone can be family, even if they are not blood relatives. This memoir gives you a sense of enjoyment because it allows you to enjoy what you have and enjoy having any type of family. Also just to bring everyone together and appreciate my culture, it made me want to explore my culture and express it more.
@CAPS1 by memoir author is warm and inviting. In this sentence, the author reveals childhood and how he felt about it, "The innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop for our warm home life. . Said this created a happy @CAPS1 and showed his gratitude to his parents, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. The final volume summed up how he felt about life and how he felt "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life and love." I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This quote expresses the love and warmth of everyone in the family and how the house brings people together. This reflects the warmth, love and selflessness of the family.
The mood the author is trying to show is calm. I think that's what he's trying to show because Narciso is talking about his family and his upbringing. Narciso also talked about what happened in his home as a child. One of the things he talks about is how his landlord daughter became his first babysitter and first friend. He also talked about how his parents showed him their cooking skills and their passion for cooking.
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoir is great @CAPS1. Narciso loves to cook. "The love of cooking is still with me today." Narciso loved his parents very much. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The Rodriguez family helped people into their homes. "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival in this country". This is the mood created by the author in his memoirs.
In this memoir, Narciso talks about how being raised by immigrant parents in @LOCATION1, getting dirty jobs for low pay, but his home is his home and all his memories are there. In my opinion, his mood is happy based on how much he talks about his home.
The author creates a mood in his memoir. Mood memoir by the author using @CAPS1 @CAPS2. The author demonstrates this with "alegrai graces our kitchen table more often than noT". This suggests that the author used the sentiment of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 memoirs
Narciso Rodriguez by Narciso Rodriguez is a memoir from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives about Narciso Rodriguez's early life. The main emotions in the memoir are honesty and authenticity. This is because the author talks about things you don't want to hear, or things that make you feel bad. For example, the author tells us about racism and how normal it is in America but the community overcomes it: "In an era when blatant racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in America. Near us, despite customs elsewhere, Many people in all these cultures have come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who, though not necessarily of their own kind, clearly have A helping hand to those in need” (@NUM1). In conclusion, the mood of the memoir is honest and true as the author tells us things that might make us uncomfortable.
I believe the mood in this memoir is appreciation and caring for others. @NUM1 Home and community are a place of solidarity, caring for each other like family. In the memoir, it said people were always in and out of the house looking for a place to stay or eat, and were always welcomed with open arms. To him, "family" doesn't mean that you are related, but to be loved and cared for by other people, and with this mentality, he has a huge family. His parents left their lives in Cuba, both scientists, to have friends and family there for their son. They knew America had a better chance for Narciso (who became a designer). He has repeatedly stated that he is very grateful to his parents for moving to @LOCATION3 for him and for making his house feel like a home.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is. First of all, I think the moon is warm and say there is no homely feeling. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it states that all of these cultures are united in great solidarity and friendship as at home, those around us are like family and we are united as friends and family. Narciso Rodriguez also said in the @NUM2 segment: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. To complete my description of the mood the author created in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, no Anywhere is like home.
The overall mood from the author of Home: The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 of our Lives in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is great. Narciso begins his memoir by telling us how much @CAPS3 appreciates his culture and what his parents have done for him in the @NUM1 paragraph, "...and unknowingly mixes the wealth of culinary skills with the The love of cooking passed on to me... (forever grateful to me)" @CAPS3 has an upbeat view of all aspects of his family and culture. Much of it has to do with how @CAPS3 grew up and was born into a tough family that just finished getting @LOCATION1.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is nostalgic. @PERSON1 remembers all his happy times and memories of what happened at his house. In the second paragraph, he reflects on life in his traditional Cuban home, where the heart is the kitchen. He remembers his parents' love of cooking and his eternal gratitude for it. @PERSON1 remember the warm Cuban music mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. In paragraphs three and four, he describes how he grew up in an environment that instilled that "family" had nothing to do with blood relatives. He recalls past neighbors, surrogate grandparents, his aunts and cousins. @PERSON1 Remember there is always someone at the table, and usually someone is with them until they get back on their feet. In paragraphs 5, 6 and 7, @PERSON1 expresses how grateful he is to his parents and how much sacrifice they had to make. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," he said. The home @PERSON1 lived in has so many fond memories and instills that family and friends are important no matter what.
The mood is a little sad at some times and good at other times. Sadly, they had to leave Cuba and start over. It's great because they have families who love them and care about them.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is gratitude, happiness, and gratitude. The author is grateful that since he was not required to be born in the United States, his parents immigrated to the United States so that Narciso could have a better life. Narciso was delighted that he could meet his parents, his grandparents who lived in the basement of his house, as well as Bertha and Juanita's aunts, as well as his cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary. Narciso is grateful because he has a home to sleep in, a family that loves him, and he couldn't ask for a better life than he is now.
The mood of the memoir is appreciation. I think it's that mood, because in the last paragraph the author says, "...I will never forget that house or its gracious community or the many things I learned there about how to love. " @CAPS1 The truth is, in the @NUM1 paragraph, @PERSON1 talks about how he keeps thanking his parents for everything they have for him. "I often tell them that what they do is braver than I ever did," he said. I think he's just very grateful to his parents, his childhood, everything he's met, had, or done in his life and everyone. I would also be grateful if I were in his shoes. It was an eye opener and now, I am grateful for everything and everyone I have in my life.
The atmosphere created by @CAPS1 in the memoir is very moving. What I meant in the @NUM1 and @NUM2 paragraphs, it sounds like @CAPS1 is getting very emotional. It says in paragraph @NUM1 that I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
The author expresses many emotions such as gratitude, happiness and love in writing this memoir. The main emotion of this memoir, however, is gratitude. @ORGANIZATION1 is so grateful for what his parents have done for him, he loves them with all his heart. He was also grateful that they always kept him safe. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," Narciso said in the final sentence, which means he's full of gratitude for his life. So he will never forget the gratitude that fills his heart.
Author-created @CAPS1 states in paragraph @NUM1 "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland. The kitchen is at the heart of it. My parents both share cooking responsibilities without knowing what I have to say to them. A wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking that is still with me to this day." I think it has something to do with @CAPS1 in the memoir because living in @LOCATION1 you can still own a house and live like you still live Where you live, in this case Cuba. "
The atmosphere of the story is pleasant. She described how lucky she was to have parents like her own and to be Cuban. She loves music, food and culture. She is glad her parents cared and helped people.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are joyful and uplifting. The author discusses the positives in his life. He didn't detail the negatives or say what he wanted to change. The positive mood of the memoir makes reading fun. The author highlights the fact that his parents moved to @LOCATION1 because it's the best thing for their kids. They will sacrifice the work they deserve. They immigrated to @LOCATION1 to give their children a better life. His parents care about their children's future and they are selfless. The author's way of respecting parents makes the story very interesting. Emotions are positive and keep readers interested and engaged. This is a very good story.
The emotions created in this story are happiness and gratitude to his parents. In the story, he recounts the many sacrifices his parents made to give him a better life than they had. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." "But really, I can't express how grateful I am for their generosity." His parents came to the country barely speaking English and had to start them all over again life so that his life would be better.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is emotional. The sentiment was emotional as his family left their hometown for the freedom of their children. They gave up everything for their children, including family. The fact that they don't know anyone or the town itself is amazing. Very little work and little money. Even tough times are the best of times after they have passed. Family can be in a place without relatives, that is the mood created by the author in the memoir
The author creates a special mood in this memoir. The mood given by the author is a very comfortable mood. He talks about his family and how they eat together and always have relatives over. It gives you a sense of unity. It gives you an idea of how your family interacts and blends in with your neighborhood. So the author of this article really shows how the whole town is reunited with family.
In his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez creates a warm family atmosphere. Narciso's deep gratitude for his parents' decision to move to the United States had a big impact on his mood. He describes the courageous life-changing choices his parents had to make, acknowledging that "I thank them time and time again. But in reality, I have no way of expressing how grateful I am." The author understands how much his parents had come to him The positive impact of his, his gratitude to his family contributed to the warm sentiment of this article. Narciso's admiration for his family also developed the atmosphere of the memoir. He used words like selflessness and hard work to describe his family and told them his "admiration for strength and perseverance". @CAPS1 With his description of what parents accomplished and the hardships they had to endure, the author conveys to readers his true admiration for his family. However, absolute love is the strongest emotion the reader will feel from the memoir. Narciso has carefully selected the memories he wrote in his memoirs and added passionate words like warmth, kindness, honesty and closeness to make the love in his family stand out. Although his family certainly had squabbles, he never mentioned them, focusing instead on the potential connection between him and relatives, and how the warmth of his kitchen "filled the air with not only smell and music, but life and Love". Passionate about his family atmosphere, Narciso makes his gratitude, admiration and love for his relatives the focus of his memoirs.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, I believe he went from a calm mood to a proud mood. He begins to describe his life and family so far. How he used to live in a studio apartment in Cuba and how his family lived in Newark, NJ, with other Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. Then he talks about community and how to come together and friendship. Also, an honest and hardworking community is mostly immagrints. He also said, "I will always be grateful for my love and sacrifice." (@NUM1 paragraph) I think Narciso is honored and proud to be Cuban and have such wonderful parents. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." (last sentence)
This memoir creates a warm nostalgia for the author's home. The author writes how his parents were able to build a great home in a @ NUM1 The author also writes about how his parents raised him and taught him about his Cuban heritage
Narciso Rodriguez couldn't describe his home better, as if I were with him. I could tell he really remembered the sound, shit and smell of his house. "... Housed in a two-family golden brick building in the Ironbound district of Newark, NJ. Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the centerpiece of which is the kitchen .My parents are both sharing culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their rich culture to me. Passionate Cuban music...full of air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." The whole paragraph really Gave me a good feeling and I can say that considering all the festivities, it's always in a good mood. So happy and warm, I would love to be there.
The author creates many different emotions in his memoir. The three most important emotions of gratitude, love and joy. The first emotion the author expresses with this story is gratitude. The family is lucky to have moved to @LOCATION1 from Cuba and found a better home. Where they are also lucky, where they will have a better life. The second most important emotion is love. The family shows love for each other. An example of how much they love @CAPS1 that they left their family, friends and career so their kids could have a better life. The final mood is happiness. After reading this story, you can really see how happy the family is. It tells how they never forget the memories and where their parents were generous. In conclusion, there are many different emotions in this story. The three main emotions of gratitude, love and happiness
In the memoir @ORGANIZATION1 gives readers a mood of love and care. I think it's because when he describes certain things, like his parents, he adds a feeling of love and caring. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This line shows how much he loves his parents for doing so. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" which shows how much he cherishes it. This memoir also evokes a sense of gratitude and gratitude as it reminds you of the people and family who have loved and sacrificed for you. That's why I think the memoir @ORGANIZATION1 brings love and caring to its readers.
The atmosphere created by the author is very warm. “I was born in this simple house in 1961, in a two-family golden brick house in the Tin District of Newark, NJ. It felt welcome because it made me feel We just saw Narciso Rodriguez's house and we're about to walk in. “In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in solitude and friendship. It makes me feel at home because no matter if you are different or not, you are still family. "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the heart of which is the kitchen. It gave me a sense of welcome because it was an image that made me imagine, I was able to imagine this house The house, with great smells and great Cuban music. All in all, the sentiment of popularity is on full display throughout the memoir, especially when he describes his home.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez: A Blueprint for Our Lives, a mood is created. Rodriguez recalls his home in a whole new way. @CAPS1 remembers his parents' "rich culinary skills and love of cooking". @CAPS1 recalled the "passionate Cuban music" that filled the walls of his home. @CAPS1 really let us know that there is a strong sense of community and family in his community. Quote from @CAPS1 "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to people, not necessarily their own kind, but clearly in need." Sounds like everyone is there together work and help each other. "There are often people with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet," @CAPS1 wrote. Narciso said his parents "come selflessly" to @LOCATION1 "to provide a better life for the children there." Narciso is very grateful for the struggles his parents imagined and said, "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice." Narciso Rodriguez "learned the true definition of 'family'," loving and taking his memories with @CAPS1 wherever he goes.
There's a lot of emotion in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir. One of the emotions is love "I learned how to love here". @CAPS1's mood is caring "My parents always hold their arms and their doors are open to many who are considered family. And @CAPS1's mood is happiness" "Here, childhood innocence, family and friends parties, and endless celebrations” is the mood of this memoir.
Thanks so much to the authors, who explained how they thanked the parents there for moving here. and how a house becomes a home, and the importance of family and friend relationships
The mood created by the author brings out the Cuban @CAPS1 legacy and family. The sentiment set here is that family doesn't mean "blood relatives", it's people who need help, and if @CAPS2 needs the same help, they will feel the same way about @CAPS2. @CAPS3 Mood @CAPS2 has to go through so many times, it's hard, @CAPS2 will sigh, but @CAPS2 has to go through it and it will pay off. Your culture is part of the mood of the story. This @CAPS5 from @CAPS4 is from Cuba, raised a child in a one bedroom apartment and still helps others. The apartment was turned into a Cuban house with food, music and family. Emotional elavtes and esksimtes because they spend more time more home better living space better work and most importantly better understanding. The mood of the whole story really revolves around the true meaning of family and family. Family is your love, care and help, love and respect @CAPS2, that's the mood of the story.
Moods in Narciso Rodriguez's Memoirs of Love. Love is a mood for many reasons. One reason is that Narciso's parents are very concerned. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family members" (@NUM1 paragraph). Narciso's parents cared about everyone as if they were part of the family. Another reason emotions are love is because Narciso talks about how selfless his parents were. They bravely moved to @LOCATION1 without knowing the local language or culture. "They come here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love." (@ NUM2 segment). Everything @PERSON2's parents do is out of pure love. Because they @PERSON2 live a life full of happiness and love.
In this @DATE1 from Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez creates a feeling of safety, calm and security. His descriptions of his home and family give readers a sense of warmth and well-being. The last sentence of the @NUM1 paragraph says: "The innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop for life in our warm house." @CAPS1 is just a backdrop. He added: "In our community, despite the customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. It's a tight-knit community..." and "countless extended family members come to Comes and goes...My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family...". The way Narciso describes his family and neighbors gives you a sense of togetherness and comfort, like if something goes wrong there will always be someone there. In @DATE1, Narciso creates a feeling of gratitude, repeating his gratitude to his parents over and over. He tried to convey the message: "[He] will never forget how [they] turned a simple house into a home" or "their love and sacrifice". In my opinion, Narciso Rodriguez created a feeling of relief and gratitude in his @DATE1.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of joy and gratitude. Some evidence to support my thinking is in the @NUM1 paragraph where it says "I appreciate it very much". @CAPS1 can see that the author wants @CAPS1 to be grateful too. Another example in the @NUM2 paragraph is "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". This quote made me see how satisfied he is with his life now and how grateful the writer is for what his parents have done for him. "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again". It also shows how hard the writer is trying to get the mood to be grateful. It also shows that the author is happy with his parents' decision.
The mood described by the author is commonplace. In the excerpt, the author invites you into his own house, his own life. This creates a happy mood that describes how everyone gets along and how everyone gets along. family.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of gratitude. Because it tells you what his life experience was like, what his parents were like. I also think they like where they are. One reason is because they have always loved to cook. Another reason is that they like to play with their son The last reason is because they have a son. Their @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1.
What emotions does the author create in his memoirs? The emotion the author creates in the memoir will be love/warmth. Narciso's parents would keep people in until they got back on their feet. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we see as family because they knew they would do the same for us." Narciso's parents moved to another country to give their children a better life. good life. They sacrificed everything, leaving their families, friends and careers. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was something more courageous that I could have done." The home they now live in is very special to Narciso. Basically, his first thing was done there. "I'll never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home." The author creates a mood that makes me feel grateful for my life.
The mood in the memoir Narciso Rodriguez is joyful and grateful. in ph. @NUM1, Narciso's parents gave up everything leaving Cuba to come to @LOCATION1, where their kids can live a better life. Narciso is so grateful to them that he cannot express his gratitude in ph. @NUM2. in ph. @NUM2, it also said he was very grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents. He is happy, I think, because he has a family who loves him. Although they came from different cultures, they came together, which would not have happened if his parents hadn't immigrated. That's why I think the mood is happy and really grateful.
The atmosphere created by the author is warm. The author did this to make you want to be @CAPS1 and be able to smell delicious food. Just being able to appreciate Cuban culture.
In the memoir, @PERSON1, from: Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a mood that is happy, grateful, and nostalgic. First @CAPS1 said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" so you can see that @CAPS1 loves that new home, @CAPS1 loves and appreciates what her parents did for her. Second, "...instilled in me a strong sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties". @CAPS1 treats everyone and acts like everyone @CAPS3 is her "family" because @CAPS1 loves and cares about all his "family" that are not blood related near her as if they were blood related. In the end, the memoir says "...the endless celebrations, including in our warm homes, formed the backdrop of life". @CAPS1 says "warm home" which means @CAPS1 likes to be at home with family/etc. @CAPS1 loves being with her friends and neighbors because that's what @CAPS1 loves/loves to do. So happy @CAPS1.
The emotions in the memoir are basically expressions of love, happiness and friendship. The way to show love is at @CAPS1 @NUM1 and @NUM2. In @CAPS1 @NUM1, Alegria often graces our table. In @CAPS1 @NUM2 it talks about how his parents welcomed refugees to celebrate their arrival at @LOCATION1. Happiness runs through the whole story. Friendship is also shown in the way his parents showed friendship by opening their doors to the homeless. But keep them in their own home until they get back on their feet with his or her back and are considered part of the family.
This memoir creates a serene atmosphere. It tells us about his childhood. "I was born in this simple house in 1961," Narciso wrote. As a child, you only have peace. He has many guests. "My mother accepted refugees and welcomed them to this country," he wrote. Apparently, he gets along just fine with all these tourists. He is explaining his past. He loves his house and the environment it creates. "I will never forget how my parents turned that simple house into a home," he wrote. It just puts your mind at ease. This is how this article creates a calm mood
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of joy. The author is happy where she used to live and she left to move to @LOCATION1 to make it feel like home instead of looking back and thinking there is no place to take my real home. The author is positive about this memoir.
In the memoir, the author creates a feeling that everyone in the neighborhood sees each other as family, despite their struggles to buy a home. They are all struggling immigrants who have sacrificed a lot. Narciso's parents have high-skilled, high-paying jobs in Cuba, and they're forced to find any job they can at @LOCATION2. They will always help someone in the family if necessary, and often do so. Narciso's family scraped by in poverty. They did it all without losing their culture (Cuban music and food). Their entire community, one big family, survives and thrives on very little. Being blood relatives isn't the only defense against family members in Newark, NJ.
In memoir, @ORGANIZATION1 sentiment created @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3 was hard and happy. The first place in the story where @CAPS3 creates difficult emotions is when they say racism is overt. "Spanish, @CAPS1 & @CAPS2 Immigrants Openly Racist". It showed that the emotions were tough because we knew racism was going on at the time, which made it hard for them to fit in with other people. The last place in the story where the author creates a happy mood is when the neighbors get together. "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together and form a great unity and friendship ". This shows a happy mood as it represents a large group of different people coming together to work together. As you can see, @CAPS3 creates two different types of moods, hard and happy.
@ORGANIZATION1 tells the story of his childhood and the good times of his family in a tiny house in Newark. In this excerpt, Rodriguez shares a unique sense of joy; a feeling of fond memories that reinforces each day. Phrases he uses to help describe the house with "passionate Cuban music" and "the family's congregation" have allowed him to establish this sense of energy and happiness in the family he grew up in. While the author tells how much, the excerpt further deepens these feelings parents give when they have nothing of their own. These descriptions of selfless attitudes and ways help paint a beautiful portrait of the family, but also the "extended family", forgetting troubles and enjoying every second they spend in a lively kitchen. It offers the author a calm and down-to -earth honesty when it comes to the gratitude of a good, warm childhood . Feeling carefree life and carefree days provides a wonderful vibe for readers. "
The emotions that author Narciso Rodriguez creates in this memoir are special, loving, but above all grateful. The author thanked his parents time and time again for growing up in a loving atmosphere that made his life special. He described his gratitude to his parents for cooking in the @NUM1 paragraph, when he said: "My parents both shared cooking responsibilities and unknowingly passed on their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking to It's still with me (I'm also forever great)." In the same paragraph, he refers to the music, "the passionate Cuban music (which I've always loved) fills the air [...]". His parents taught him to open up and love others, as @NUM2 paragraph says "Countless extended family members come and go, and often there are people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet. My parents always keep them The weapons and their doors are open to many who we consider family to know they will do the same for us." It also taught him what family really means, which is not about blood, but a kind of Loving friendship and a sense of respect and caring. I think he expressed his gratitude best in paragraph @NUM3 when he said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" and in paragraph @NUM4 when he said "I will never forget me How a parent turned a simple house into a home."
@CAPS1 is in a good mood, he has some interesting details and tells him how he is from his parents.
The mood the author creates is the grief of living in a country where friends and family live. For the happiness of the times they shared in America. As the memoir states, the heart of the family is the kitchen, where the parents share culinary duties and the aroma of passionate Cuban music permeates the kitchen. The kitchen is the background of their home life. The author also creates a mood of hope for a better life for families, even if it means leaving their country, friends and family. The author also created an emotion of love and care that her parents showed for her and her sister. These are the emotions the author creates throughout his memoir.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that they have no problem finding a house. For example, the author states that "both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which is still with me (for which I am forever grateful)." This Means they are great cooks and have cooking skills. "Our landlord lives with his daughter Alegria (my nanny and first friend) on top of us." Even when they came to @CAPS1 for the first time. S They have no problem finding a home. "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to the country and celebrated my first birthday there." That's what his mom said at @LOCATION1's all-news celebration kept the tradition
In this memoir, I think the mood created is very calm, happy and warm. Narciso Rodriguez details how selfless his parents were as they left their entire lives in Cuba to give their kids a better life in @LOCATION1. Their home is almost a sanctuary. Warm and full of Cuban traditions, cooking and music. Family is always around and often comes for dinner. In my opinion, this is a safe and secure environment to grow. After reading this memoir, I have a warm feeling inside of me that I start to think about places like my home that make me feel that way. Narciso was a very lucky boy to be able to grow up this way.
The author of the memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives" creates feelings of gratitude and admiration for parents. An example of the author expressing gratitude is to mention his gratitude to his parents. Concrete textual evidence of this is "… unwittingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, and I still do today (for which I am forever grateful). " This phrase creates an emotion of appreciation by simply saying, "Always be grateful." Also, another textual proof of my thesis is "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 The author's use and repetition of the word "grateful" or "thankful" creates an emotion. Another example of how the author creates emotions is showing admiration for his parents. According to the text, he said, "I have often expressed admiration for their strength and perseverance." This sentence is important because it shows that he told them he admired them. The author also creates an emotion of admiration when he says "...what they did was a braver thing I could have done". @CAPS2 The author of this quote recognizes the many difficulties his parents faced and compliments them by expressing his admiration.
The mood in @PERSON1's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is very comfortable and welcome. At @PERSON1's home, @CAPS1 describes a cozy and friendly atmosphere. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations surrounding the bot, form the living background of our warm homes". This phrase shows how comfortable or "warm" their home is. In his memoir, he also explained how popular people were, everyone in the apartment building was a friend and even family! "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'home' has nothing to do with blood relatives." The phrase means that in his welcoming home, friends are also considered by his family. Narciso Rodriguez had a great @CAPS2 growing environment.
In the memoir, the author creates a very calm mood. He does this by using blunt voices and unusual punctuation. The author's voice is very blunt. For example, he described his house as a "simple house" several times in his memoirs. He tells readers about his simple home, and there is little conflict in this memoir. This gives the reader a sense of calm and never leaves the reader hanging or wondering about something. To help him, the author uses a lot of unusual punctuation. There are five parentheses used in this article, as well as five dashed words. This punctuation is used to provide additional information, such as the age of "Lavidia Maria at 21" or "passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day)". When the author provides additional information, it gives the reader a sense of calm and makes him feel "at home," which is the theme of the memoir.
The emotion described in this story is love. Why do I choose love? I chose love because in the story it says a lot about family, Cuba and family (Cuba, is where the love (family) is. In this story his love comes from his family and love comes from everyone Family, @PERSON1 loves his family and he says so much in the story.
In this memoir, the atmosphere created is one of safety and warmth. I say this because throughout his story he talks about how grateful he is to have parents who cared so much about him that they moved to America to give him a better life than he had in Cuba. Narciso often talks about the foods his mom used to make and teach him. The community has formed solidarity. When he was young, there was still a lot of racism and the segregation of white people from other races, so his community was the only place people could feel at home and they didn't need to prove anything. Their house was always open to anyone in need, and his parents would feed them and treat them equally. This memoir is about Narciso Rodriguez's kind and loving family, which is strongly reflected in his story.
The author creates many different emotions throughout the memoir. In the beginning, the author talks about his traditional home in Cuba, feeling very comfortable and safe. Here, he creates a warm atmosphere and a very family-oriented upbringing, all of which are positive. Near the @NUM1 paragraph, the author starts talking about his pride in his family's success and determination. For example, (@NUM1 paragraph, last sentence) "The belief that this struggle will lead to better times for them and their children drives them. (His parents) endure these hard times." It gives a sense of pride and great victories. That's the sentiment expressed by @PERSON1 in his memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives".
The mood the author creates in his memoir is a very happy tone. In a happy tone because @CAPS1 happily recounts her childhood by talking about the unity of his environment and happiness, Cuban food and Cuban music that filled his home and still fills his home today because he is very like it a lot.
There are many different emotions in the memoirs like crazy, sad, hopeful. I think overall it's a happy memoir because "I'm forever grateful for it" in the story. And "I love it to this day". @CAPS1 I think it's a happy mood overall because there's a lot of evidence to help support it.
The mood in the memoir that the author tries to show you is almost the happiness and gratitude that Narciso Rodriguez has to be Cuban. Narciso brings happiness in this memoir, learning about his Cuban background and his gratitude to his parents. The author tries to express gratitude and gratitude to you. This entire memoir tries to show the reader how great it is to come from a different culture and know how to make and do things differently. This memoir represents good mood and happiness. Always be grateful for everything in your life, especially your family, friends and your life. The mood of this memoir is very happy and grateful
The author creates what appears to be a positive mood in his memoir. The first emotion displayed is the emotion of love. In the third paragraph it says, "All these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship." This shows that when all immigrants come to @LOCATION1, they describe them all coming together and becoming a family. Another emotion created is caring. Narciso Rodriguez's parents showed him so much love and support. The fifth paragraph says, "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life." This sentence suggests that even before Narciso was born, his parents were already thinking about it. They are. Narciso's parents want their children to have a good life. The final mood is happiness. Narciso is very happy and is very grateful to his parents. Narciso quotes, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. Narciso says it shows how much he loves his parents and how happy he is living in @LOCATION1. The author creates different emotions throughout the excerpt."
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, a happy mood is created. There are several examples of happiness in the article. The first example is "they come here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life". Narciso's parents gave up everything they had in order to give their son a better life. It made him happy because he knew his parents loved him and would do anything for him. The second example is "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows that he is very aware of what his parents have done for him and that it makes him very happy to know that they care so much for him. The third and final example is "It was here that I led the true definition of family." He moved to the place where his parents, siblings, and neighbors lived to become his "family," even though he didn't know what he had "real" family, but he is happy with his own. These three examples show the mood of the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez".
The mood created by the author's tone in this memoir is one of appreciation, manifested in three important places. First, author Narciso Rodriguez creates an appreciative mood when he talks about how his parents left Cuba. He explained that "they came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life" (@NUM1). This description expresses a feeling of appreciation as it shows that the author's parents left "selflessly", "to give their children a better life", implying that his parents @MONTH1 did not want to come to @LOCATION1 but knew they would It was the best place for him, so they came anyway, which obviously created a mood of appreciation through Narciso's tone. Plus, the gratitude that comes when Rodriguez declares "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM2). This directly tells readers that Rodriguez is "good to his parents," which should create a mood of appreciation through his tone. Finally, when Narciso said "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@NUM3). This quote implies gratitude, as Rodriguez tells readers that "he will never forget" what his parents did for him, sent a message that changed his life, created an emotion of gratitude All in all, Narciso Rodriguez in A sense of gratitude is created through his tone of voice in this memoir to parents.
Based on the memoir "Narciso @CAPS1" from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author created a very powerful and positive emotion. A powerful example is how he expressed his parents. He hinted at their attitude toward him by saying things like "forever grateful to my parents," "admiring their strength," "perseverance," and "generous." The emotions Narciso uses to express family members are very positive and grateful. Another example of an author's set mood is his perception of his own culture. He told him that his family and friends were immigrants who worked hard to be free and provide a better life for their families and children. The struggle and hard work his family went through to keep their culture alive; Narciso is so grateful. He is very proud of his culture and is grateful for the example his family has set. Narciso Rodriguez expresses very positive and powerful emotions about his family and his culture throughout the excerpt.
This is the mood conveyed by the author in his memoirs. Mood is a very happy one. The author looks back on all the good times when @CAPS1 was a kid. @CAPS1 explains how Cuban culture has become a big part of his life and how @CAPS1 still loves Cuban food and music. @CAPS1 also described how his parents made their tiny apartment feel like a home. On the last line @CAPS1 said, "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home." @CAPS1 also talked about how @CAPS1 lived in a community with all the other immigrants from all over the world. @CAPS1 describes how families from different places can become very close even when they have little in common. In the third paragraph, it said: "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, although not necessarily of their own kind, are clearly in need. " The sentence shows how close that community is, even if they come from different places. Happy to be in that memoir because @CAPS1 will only relive memories that @CAPS1 loved. This is the sentiment conveyed in the memoir.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our love, the author creates a mood in the memoir. The mood he created was a relaxed and laid-back mood. The author writes in a fluid way, like "I was born in this simple house in 1961, in a two-family golden brick house, in Ironbound Newark, NJ." It's a very lighthearted sentence. Then he went on with his life. He talks about his neighbors, family, religion, and more. By the end, he expressed his gratitude. The author tells the story as if he were being interviewed, and he is relaxed and at ease.
Author Narciso Rodriguez created a specific mood in his memoir. That particular mood is love and family. Love and family are emotional for several reasons. Family is an emotion, because the author says at the beginning that family has nothing to do with blood. It is also because everyone, even if not related by blood, is labeled as cousin, aunt, uncle, grandma, grandpa, etc. Another reason is family, because that's how he feels everyone feels about him. One reason this is love is because he loves everyone in his family. They always came over for dinner and looked after him, that's what love is about.
When I read this article, also called a memoir, I didn't find a certain emotion created by the author. Although this memoir is inspiring, it is indeed heartwarming and touching. It taught, at least taught me, that if you can dream something, you can do it. It's likely that Narciso's parents did dream of coming to America to support their family, and they made it happen with a little hope and effort. If I had to say what kind of mood this author created, I would say happiness. The reason is that Narciso is not rich in money, but rich in love, happiness and family culture. For example, as this article states, his parents had a talent for cooking, which was passed on to Narciso, whom he is grateful for. Another example is that he is filled with joy and happiness because of who his family and neighbors are and how he spends his life around them.
The writer of the memoir sets a mood in the writing. Gratitude and humility are written in this article. The word great is repeated over and over again. Since the author emphasizes the word, it makes the reader feel that he really appreciates his parents and childhood. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This is an example of the author's forgiving parents. Reading this article gave me a warm feeling. Although the author's parents had a hard time moving to @LOCATION1, they gave the author a wonderful childhood and fond memories. "Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes." This is how the author sees his memory. They are always cheerful and warm. In the final sentence of his memoir, he says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." It shows how grateful he is to have had so many great relationships with so many people, And no matter how small their house was, the author's parents helped bring it to life, for which he is grateful.
He's happy to live at @LOCATION1, and even with all the racism he's found a way to enjoy life.
Happy @CAPS1 created by @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 happy that @CAPS3 lived and grew up in @LOCATION2. @CAPS3 is happy because she has lived in the same house in New Jersey all her life and then finally got to meet her grandparents in 1970 when @CAPS3 became @NUM1. Happy @CAPS3 too because @CAPS3 is getting older and has a lot of memories at home, glad @CAPS3 lives in a free country.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is very grateful and happy. Narciso expressed his emotions well, as he said, "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." Here, you can see the mood was pleasant because he said how his family would welcome anyone into their family, but it also showed that if you grew up in a good family environment, you would also want to invest those lessons into your own children's lives . Another example of emotion is the last sentence, "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home." Not only does it show again that what you learned as a child you always wanted to give to your family, It also shows that you can't call a house home unless you can live with your family and there's always a good mood in it. Finally, the mood in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir reflects the right way to have a good mood at home, but it's not just that.
The author expresses a feeling of joy, gratitude and pride in this memoir. Author Narciso expresses gratitude and joy by describing what his parents have done for him, which he is grateful for and delighted in. "...the love of cooking is still with me today (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen ." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) The author also expressed his pride in the story, stating and describing the things his parents did that made him proud. "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or culture." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) "They were struggling both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for their Home in the tropics and facing cultural difficulties." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) These are the sentiments the author expresses in his memoir.
The author created a very happy mood. The author thanks his parents. For example in the @NUM1 paragraph: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author has repeatedly thanked parents for their strength. For example in the @NUM1 paragraph: "I've told them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again." @CAPS1 will never forget his home. For example from @NUM3 paragraph: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Very happy mood. The author is grateful, grateful, and never forgets his home.
Memoirs create a happy mood. Living at @LOCATION1 was great. They have better life chances then Cuba. There are so many opportunities to be with @LOCATION1. It's great to have friends over for relatives and non-relatives. You will be in a better mood for the next day.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is a little sad, because these immigrants who knew American Shrevels only wanted to give their children a better life. There isn't much to use for these images. They live in humble but surprisingly small houses. All these images from different cultures living in the same community come together in great solidarity and friendship. Others are unlucky, unable to find a job or a house, and have to take leave or stay with others temporarily until they get back on their feet. All in all, in this memoir, the author has created a very sad mood, as you can see from some of the particular details in the stories I've included.
The mood created in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives" is a mix of happiness, relaxation and gratitude, even if the memoir sometimes illustrates how @PERSON1's parents had to give up their jobs in Cuba, and the U.S. at the time How normal is the blatant racism of the racial segregation rife, giving a sense of sadness, this article is mostly composed of happy memories. Examples of this can be found throughout the story, especially in the closing paragraph Narciso Roe Driggs wraps up his memoir with an expression of gratitude for his parents and childhood, I also found it relaxing in the third and fourth paragraphs, but mostly in @NUM1 when he talks about his kitchen and his past in When the smells, aromas and music dance in the air. The od of the memoir can be considered gratitude. I can be considered gratitude because Narciso Rodriguez always said how grateful he was to his parents and his childhood.
The emotions in the story are very warm and happy. The authors clearly loved their childhoods, full of rich experiences and loving backgrounds. The author is very grateful to the parents for everything they do. Sacrifice to move to @LOCATION1 and hope they have a better life. Their home is also a great setting. Always open, comfortable and loving. The atmosphere of cooking, family gathering, upbeat music was amazing.
This memoir is in a good mood. It describes how house is different from home (the last sentence in the memoir) and how family is not just blood relatives.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. It symbolizes unity and coming together as a family. In this passage, everyone is caring and open to those who live with them. The kids in this story talk about how great they are to the parents there. Their happiness is because they live together as a family. Each one is exepting one and the other. Overall, I think the mood is happy.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness because it describes how many memories his family has, and happiness because he mentions his family and friends, how peaceful, and because he describes the air of @CAPS1 Cuban music . He also describes his house and his love of cooking, which he describes as rich culinary cooking that he loves so much.
Author Narciso Rodriguez details her childhood, creating a feeling of warmth, tenderness and gratitude in the essay. The memoir begins with Rodriguez explaining her Cuban ancestry and the important role it played in her life. Pride and love for who you are. Narcisco went on to talk about how hospitable her parents were and how they basically sacrificed their entire lives in order to create a better life for their children. In the final paragraph, the author expresses pure gratitude for what her parents gave up and did. Rodriguez praised the parents again in a line saying, "I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity and the display of the importance of family and friends." All of these details contribute to the overall mood of the memoir.
In @PERSON1's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" he mostly writes about his gratitude for everything he grew up with, and indeed the emotions the author creates. Narciso is grateful for his Cuban culture and how it integrated into his upbringing even though he was in New Jersey. He also thanked his parents and their sacrifices for him growing up in @LOCATION2. His parents also taught him to be kind to everyone and treat everyone like family. He was grateful for it.
The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez and his memoirs is happiness. The author creates a very happy mood in this memoir. Here he describes how people in his neighborhood treat each other. “This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, are clearly in need. The people in his neighborhood are very kind and generous . people. Help each other when needed. The author makes the reader smile while reading such a place. As another example, he wrote: "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their families in the country they loved, Friends and career." It's wonderful to see this selfless act. The way people sacrifice their lives for their children is amazing. Reading this will only warm my heart. Another example of this sentiment is the author's writing: "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget mine How parents turned this simple house into a home." The author is very proud of where he grew up. @MONTH1 isn't perfect, but he managed to find the good parts. It is his pride that makes readers happy for him. Hence, the mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoirs is happiness.
There are many ways to interpret the @CAPS1 that the author created in @CAPS2. One way I can explain @CAPS1 that the author created in @CAPS2 is that he is very grateful for parents who care about him and want the second way is that @CAPS1 is always happy in his house and he always has some Cuban spirit. His family cooks Cuban food and has a family together. The third way is that he loves his house, how his family makes it so comfortable, his family spent many of his birthdays there, he had a great time in that house "I'll never forget How my parents turned his simple house into a home" Here are some of the ways I explain what @CAPS1 created
In this memoir, the mood sounds good. An example of where you might know this is in the @NUM1 paragraph, which describes something he likes to do with his parents and family. Throughout the memoir, you can feel happiness when he talks about having dinner with all his family and friends. Another detail about the mood is that he sounds very grateful for what his parents did and the hard choice they had to make to move to @LOCATION1. There are some details on why I think the mood of this memoir is blissful
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoirs is a happy environment. In the memoir, the scene is a happy one, and in a sense a life, because in the passage, there are parentheses explaining how much the narrator appreciates his family and his legacy. In the paragraph @NUM1, it explains how these families can stay close and help those in need, even if things don't go so well for them. There are also words in the text that help with emotions, such as selflessness, solidarity, love, friendship, and sacrifice. In my opinion, this quote helps bring the emotions into a happy, peaceful feeling. The "happy" mood was created by the author in this memo.
The emotions the authors use in their memoirs show how proud their families are. Narciso shows how proud and proud her parents are to change the culture, language and find a new job so she can be born in @LOCATION1. The authors also show how close their families are. They have a big family because they live with their grandparents. Narciso is very proud to live in her current family and thank her parents for everything they did for her.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the emotion the author creates is happiness. The author thanks his parents for being selfless and giving him a home in Newark, NJ. He's grateful because his parents helped other people move into @LOCATION2 and weren't selfish, the stranger on the left stayed at their house until they were ready to move. In the final sentence it says: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. That's how Narciso Rodriguez was growing up.
The author created a happy mood, the author's parents went through such struggles, but in the end it all got better because they had family. The author sets the tone for the struggle by describing the author's parents' first home as "a furnished studio apartment" and "racism is the norm in America, segregation is rife" @CAPS1 explains how her family got through Hard money and because of their background people are racist towards them. But ten @CAPS1 describe how @CAPS1 overcame her parents' struggles and racism by uniting with all the other immigrants living in their neiborood. "Despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in greater solidarity and friendship". This sets the tone, and even though a lot of bad things happened, they got over it. When @CAPS1 describes her traditional home, @CAPS1 also creates that vibe. @CAPS1 says it has great food, "warm Cuban music" and "a gathering of family and friends". This quote makes readers happy because they were able to get through such a bad time and leave their hometown for a community full of friendship and happiness. The author begins by describing the difficult times and then talks about how happy her home is because @CAPS1 has her family and friends. Overall, the author sets the tone for happiness, and the family overcomes the odds.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, he paints a happy, uplifting, positive mood that explains how close his family was and what it meant to him. It also describes his gratitude to his parents and his pride in Cuban culture. First, Narciso believes that to be a family, you don't have to be blood related to that person. In paragraph @NUM1 he said: "...all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community..." This sentence explains How much he values his friends, neighbors, and other family members; and how these three categories make up the house he calls home. Second, the mood of the memoir is not only centered on family and friends, but Narciso also expresses a lot of gratitude to his parents. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it states, "They [his parents] came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children..." and the following @NUM3 paragraph. "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice," he said, explaining how much he admired his parents, a feeling of admiration and gratitude that plays a big role in Narciso's memoir. Finally, @PERSON2's Cuban pride is another big factor in this excerpt. In paragraph @NUM4 it describes his love of Cuban music to this day and how his "parents created their traditional Cuban home" @CAPS1, in paragraph @NUM5 he says, "…Cuban feast always It's full of air, not just smell and music, but life and love." This quote describes how much he cares about his culture and where his family comes from. In conclusion, Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is full of tight-knit family, gratitude, and pride in his culture. All three of these things help make his "house a home."
The emotion in the memoir is love. It's love because the author's parents let just about anyone in need come to live in their house. They do it because they know someone else will do it for them if they need to.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez," it shows the story of how a young boy's family and parents changed his life forever. Originally from @LOCATION2's parents immigrated to the US in 1956. They started with a small apartment and then got the money to move into a "simple house". "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that family has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 Some of the most loving families are not related by blood. The emotions in this memoir are inspiring for the narrator. This allows the reader to feel the love and happiness that is being expressed. "They came here selflessly, like so many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children." The narrator is explaining how much courage it took his parents to make such an adjustment for their own well-being. Overall, the memoir "@PERSON1" is a love story that should be passed on to future generations. The main lesson here is to not take your family for granted, the narrator is forever grateful to his parents for "turning this simple house into home.
The emotions in the memoir are created by the author in several different ways. One of the emotions created in the memoir is happiness. Going back to his old days, his parents shared all their Cuban family recipes, they celebrated a lot of family and friends celebrations with the rest of the neighborhood, sharing friendships and helping others in need @CAPS1 As long as you can go to sea , family and neighbors get together to become a big happy family and form a happy community, which makes memoir very happy. Another emotion created by the author is sadness. At the end of the memoir, the author goes back to the present and tells about the past. Finally, he thanked his parents for everything they did. He talks about how he started learning the definition of family and how he learned to love. Because of this, the memory of the old days seems to be getting farther and farther, and the mood has turned sad. Memories are getting old, but he will always remember his "family" and his name. The author has done a great job of creating these two emotions and putting them into his memoirs.
@CAPS2 trying to describe his house as a kid. In this case, he describes his Cuban ancestry and how fun and amazing it is to be @CAPS1. @CAPS2 says there is so much delicious food in the Cuban kitchen that his "family" will visit during the holidays. Cuba is a very exciting culture and it just popped into my head after reading this story. The mood is that festivals and holidays are the best for him.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is how lucky we are to live in America, how lucky we are to be educated here and our friends and family. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, he said "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." This is the mood the author creates in his memoir.
In memoirs, the emotions that authors create are how they feel. In paragraph @NUM1, line @NUM2, it said: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration of both, form the life of our warm homes. Background." For this sentence, the author's mood is sometimes sad and sometimes happy. Authors sometimes feel sad because of their way of life. Authors sometimes feel happy because no matter what happens, they still have their friends and family, or each other. In paragraph @NUM3, lines @NUM3 and @NUM5, it says "I will never forget how my parents turned such a simple house into a home." For this sentence, the author's mood is astonished and grateful of. The author was surprised because she never thought her parents would do this for her. The author's mood is grateful because that's what her parents did for her to make her life better. All in all, that's the mood the author created.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is nothing short of love. For his family and people @CAPS1 him. Especially his parents came to @LOCATION1 from Cuba. They struggled at first, but they knew there was hope and happiness in the near future. Love the music and food culture from Cuba. Most importantly the place he calls home is not the space but everything and everyone @CAPS1 him.
The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez is a very happy and uplifting one. It makes you feel like you are there and you wish your family would be too. You wish and wish you could live a life where everyone does anything for you and everyone is so close that they eat dinner together every night. He believes that having no money is the best way to live. Even if you are away from your family, friends and work, everything is fine because you are together. You are with your family, but they are not your blood relatives. They had a great time with someone you just met because they were so excited, they came to @LOCATION1 and they were just enjoying their culture and traditions. The whole community is one big family, and when their real grandparents are in Cuba, they all refer to the elderly living in the basement as grandparents. It just reminds you of your family and what they have done for you.
It's a feeling of gratitude because @CAPS1 appreciates everything her parents did to help her live a better life in America. @CAPS1 is grateful for how her parents left their friends and careers so @CAPS1 can have a better life. @CAPS1 grateful they gave up a lot for her
The mood the author creates in his memoir is @CAPS1. In @CAPS2 @NUM1 he talks about how his parents left behind everything they love to give the author a better life at @LOCATION1. In @CAPS2 @NUM2, the author says, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." In @CAPS2 @NUM3, the author says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a One home." Also, in @CAPS2 @NUM1, the author talks about how his parents @CAPS3 knew nothing about the country when they came and how they were struggling financially when they came. Also in @CAPS2 @NUM2, the author talks about how he appreciates what his parents have done for him.
The mood created by the author is a mood of love. The author is very grateful for what his parents did for him. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "...and the love of cooking that lives on to this day (for which I am forever grateful)." @CAPS1 also loves his parents' love for him. They came to @LOCATION1 to give him a better life. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it said: "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and loved ones the cause of the country." @CAPS1 loves his parents for the sacrifices they made for him. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," the author wrote. The author created a feeling of love in his memoir.
Author Narciso Rodriguez's mood is that he is always proud of his culture and his parents. For example, in the second paragraph, it talks about @CAPS1 where he lives and how he says he's "passionate about Cuban music (which I love to this day)". "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (for which I am forever grateful). In the story @ PERSON2 always ruled out anything and was kind and always wanted to see his parents smile. He was positive and honest. He even talked about his community "It's a tight-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants who While not necessarily their own kind, obviously they need to. Narciso added: "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air with scent and music, and life and love." "
The way this author wrote this memoir, he @CAPS1 created multiple emotions. The main emotion he created was gratitude. He went on to say how grateful he is that his parents gave up their lives to make his life better. The author really emphasizes how grateful he is to his parents for doing this for him. He even became a costume designer since his parents did it for him. The authors of this memoir are very grateful. The author also created other emotions such as happiness and sadness. The author creates many emotions in this memoir.
The emotion conveyed in the memoir is love. The author talks about his gratitude for his parents' love and sacrifice. In other words, he loves his parents for the love they show him. Additionally, the author discusses the solidarity and love between his family and neighbors. Although they are not related by blood, they form a family-like relationship. Furthermore, the author says, "The Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not just smell and music, but life and love." The smell of his mother's cooking alone brings love to the room. Finally, the author explains to readers the love shared in his home with many examples.
In @ORGANIZATION1. Narciso Rodriguez recounts his life at home as a child. The mood of the story is joyous as he recounts how selfless his parents were and how his family always took care of each other, even though they were not the richest family, they were still together. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it creates a warm environment by saying how the teachings have stayed with him throughout his life and how important family and his friends are to him.
The author is in the mood for Narciso talking about having a family in a small apartment and thanking them for what they have for @CAPS1 and what @CAPS1 got
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he created a mood of happiness and joy. Narciso Rodriguez creates this mood by showing the generosity of his parents to their sons, family and friends. I also sense that another emotion Narciso expresses is love. I say this because his parents sacrificed everything they had because they wanted a better life for their son. "Believe that this struggle will lead to better times for them and their children, which enables them to endure these difficult times." In this sentence it is love. Narciso's parents told him they needed to sacrifice these in order for him to have a better life. That's why I feel love is an emotion depicted in memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of great gratitude. The author shows how proud @CAPS1 is to his parents and how grateful @CAPS1 is. @CAPS1 loves his new environment too, he's amazed how all the cultures fit together, no problem. @CAPS1 also explained how grateful @CAPS1 is for the love and sacrifice of his parents. All in all @CAPS1 is very proud and grateful to his parents.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of happiness and gratitude. In his memoir, the author talks about his gratitude to his parents and the happiness of living with them.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author makes the mood seem warm and loving. He creates a very uplifting and loving mood, as if to say that your childhood and family are the heart of your home. In the second paragraph, the author says that he lives in a home to celebrate, which forms the background of his life in a warm home. What the author means is that family and friends fill the home with an enviable and communicative feel. The author also explains the reiteration of the fourth paragraph "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought of as family because they knew they would do the same for us." This scent explains that even with Friends and family don't go, they are always welcome at home. This memoir creates a very loving mood. In the last paragraph, the author explains that home is the true definition of what he has learned about family and love.
Three things about @CAPS1 are described in this memoir. One of them is that the author loves his Cuban heritage. "@CAPS2 Cuban music [I've always liked to this day] is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Another way the author describes @CAPS1 as the house his parents owned." I was born in this humble house in 1961 , in a two-family blond brick building where @CAPS4 binds @CAPS5 in Newark, NJ". The last thing that describes @CAPS1 is the love and sacrifice they gave to their son. "It's in this my Simple house where parents welcome other refugees to celebrate @CAPS7's arrival in this country and where I celebrated my 1st birthday. "Cuban food and music are everywhere." That's how the author describes @CAPS1 in This @CAPS9.
The mood in the memoir is one of joy and gratitude. I think it's because the memoir is talking about how the boy foresaw his parents moving just to give him a better life. I know this because in the last paragraph the boy talks about his family and how he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home. So that's the mood of the memoir.
In the memoir, the author creates a mood. Very good mood, showing everyone who reads it that humans can be truly kind and helpful. No matter what race you are or where you are from, you don't have to be related by blood to be "family", we can all reach out to those who need it most. The author's parents gave him a lot of love and sacrifice; @CAPS1 is very grateful to them. @CAPS1 told them they did something braver than @CAPS1, and @CAPS1 admired their strength and perseverance. As an immigrant, you have to be selfless because most parents do this to give their children a better life. The author learned the true definition of "family", and for that, @CAPS1 said that @CAPS1 will never forget that house or many things about how to love. In the memoir, it creates a calm mood.
The mood Arthur creates in the memoir is that if you move away or move when you grow up, never forget what home is. That's okay because you'll have better memories in your new house, and if you have the dirtiest house, you can always turn it into the cleanest, it just takes time and effort. Everyone can do it. No matter what you look like or anything, what your house looks like, you are still you.
The mood of love and happiness created by the author in his memoirs. The mood is happiness and love for his two parents. Quote: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The sentiment suggests that the author had a wonderful childhood and was very fond of his neighbors. Quote: "I'll never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love." The sentiment created by the author also shows that he doesn't care if they have a lot of money, he likes him A place to live and all those who live in it, even if they are not blood relatives. Quote: "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that family has nothing to do with being blond relatives." All in all, the emotions the author creates in his memoir are about love and happiness.
The author in the memoir tries to create a specific mood. This mood is appreciation. He's saying all the things he's thankful for. "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly..." In this sentence, he thanked and thanked his parents for giving He offers a good life for all the work. He also appreciates what they've been through, like leaving their family and working in a country they love. He was grateful for the house he lived in, and he recalled the memory of them cooking in the kitchen again, with the taste of Cuban food and the sound of Cuban music. He expresses all of this in the final lines of his memoir: "For this, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." In sum, The author's memoir is all about his appreciation for the good things of childhood, and the memories he will never forget
In "Narciso Rodriguez," from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives, the author leaves a friendly, compassionate, and graceful mood. This excerpt leaves a friendly mood because of how much the Narciso Rodriguez community gave him in his youth. In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. It is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, are clearly in need. (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Also, this excerpt leaves a sympathetic sentiment as Narciso's parents show great sympathy to friends and family who need a push or help to get back on their feet. Feet. I Parents always open their arms and doors to the many who we consider family..." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) Rodriguez is grateful as he continues to thank his parents for their love. "I will always be greater for the love and sacrifice of my parents... admiring their strength and perseverance... These teachings have always been the foundation of my life. Rodriguez used these wonderful emotions to describe his wonderful parents.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are the ones used in many memoirs because they are like things: someone never forgets as the author puts it "My parents shared cooking duties and unknowingly The lieutenants passed on their rich culinary skills to me and the love of cooking is still with me (for which I am forever grateful). The passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) is in the air, and the kitchen's The aromas mix. It's all things he'll never forget.
The emotions in this memoir range from happiness to love. One of the emotions in this story is uplifting happiness. You can see this because throughout the story, there is positivity and warmth. It's almost infectious how the author tells his cherished childhood story, which is made of happiness. An example is, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home." This sentence underscores the author's endless childhood happiness and Exciting cheers. Another emotion this memoir conveys is gratitude and gratitude to the author's family and family. For example, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This sentence suggests that the author can only thank his loving parents who gave everything to ensure a good life. The author loved his home full of culture and family from an early age. The third emotion in this memoir is compassion and devotion. This memoir shows that because even with a move to a new country and new people, the family still imbued his childhood with a culture of who they were. They don't hide it because of their struggles and difficulties or anything. An example of compassion and devotion is, "In our community, despite customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." This statement shows that they remain unchanging about their culture Get used to being warm and tired. Nothing can stop them from living the life they choose.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is uplifting. The mood the author creates is uplifting because it shows that race doesn't matter when it comes to solidarity or friendship. It's also heartening because Narciso's parents gave up everything and everyone so that their family could have a better life. Another reason it was lifted is because in the story it talks about how family doesn't have to be blood and can be someone you love and will help you. That's why I think the mood that the author creates in his memoir is on the rise.
Originally from Cuba, arrived in the United States in 1956. After a year of living in a furnished studio apartment for @NUM1 year old Rawedia maria and @NUM2 year old @PERSON1. I was born in 1961 in this simple, golden brick building to a @NUM3 family in the Ironbound district of Newark, NJ. They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children. They showed me their lives, and these teachings have been the foundation of my life. Now he is doing well because he moved to America.
The emotions in Narciso Rodriguez are very warm and calm. A family can have a lot of drama, but @PERSON1 his background and how much he loves his family and neighbors. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he said: "In our community, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." In the first paragraph, Narciso @PERSON1 How he Integrate into your own culture. I said, "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking to this day (which I am forever grateful)." Narciso @PERSON1 in this excerpt "Narciso Rodriguez" is full of love and gratitude.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is his gratitude at the beginning of the memoir. Textual evidence to support this is the paragraph @NUM1, which says "(I am forever grateful for it.)" The second emotion the author creates in his memoir is that he is grateful. He was grateful because his parents were immigrants and came to the country without knowing any language or culture. The last emotion the author creates in the memoir is that he feels loved. He feels loved because his parents sacrificed for him. They welcome many things in Narciso's life. Here are the three emotions the author created in his memoir
The mood created by the author is a good mood. It's a good mood because it tells you about his life. He has a good life because he has good parents. He is rich. He had no trouble like being punished. His parents were wealthy and they had good jobs. The writer did a great job making the story happy and not sad.
The emotions in @ORGANIZATION1 are shown as happy and appreciated. Narciso understands how much his parents gave up for him by moving to @LOCATION1 from Cuba. They've also been standing by his side, making sure there's only positivity around him. He appreciates this so much that he ends @ORGANIZATION1 saying "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". What he means is that this is a house that shelters you, but home is where you want to be with your family and make you feel safe and comfortable. Happiness comes from appreciation, because you can't appreciate something, it won't make you happier. His joy is also reflected in the @NUM1 paragraph, where he begins by saying "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents".
The mood created by author @PERSON1 is one of optimism and joy. I know this because he said he was very grateful to his parents for imparting cooking recipes and skills, as well as the Cuban music they would listen to. This is the mood @PERSON1 created in his memoir.
Emotions in memoir, author tries @CAPS1 You are. It's peaceful and in its own way leads to forgiveness and @CAPS2. Because the memoir is mainly about telling you that no matter where you go, you will never forget your family. And the memories are much better than the reality of your life. No matter how far you decide to go, go to a different country. Never forget who gave birth to you. Who else loves you. It really means family. and friends. But @CAPS3 as they describe in @CAPS4. He decided to leave his family for an education in the United States. And do something great with his life. He's going through other things to like, and everyone else thinks he's an immigrant. And how the rest of the @CAPS5 family left @CAPS6. But the family really means nothing to them. In that house, they opened the door to any family in need or there that was going through the same thing that their family was going through. This is the mood the author is trying to describe to you.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author expresses a sentiment. It was very calm and grateful as he explained his feelings about Cuban culture and way of life. Explain how his family enjoys cooking and playing music. The author simply explained his life when he was with his parents. The author then goes into more detail about the people he lives with, such as his landlord and his daughter; his two grandparents and others. The author simply created a mood of calm and gratitude for this memoir.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", a specific mood is created. Feeling proud as the authors go on to tell how awesome their parents were and how enticing the house was. In its memoir, it says: "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland, the heart of which was the kitchen. My parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly brought their richness to the table. The skills and love of cooking passed on to me are still with me today (for which I am forever grateful)." The author talks about how his/her home is full of Cuban culture and how good Cuban food is. The author also said: "Growing up in an environment like this gave me a deep sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties... In our community, although customs are different elsewhere, all these cultures are united in great unity. Togetherness. And friendship." The author is grateful and proud that her parents welcomed all types of people with open arms. The author is also proud that he/she is so close to the neighbors that they are like relatives. That's why the emotions created in memoirs are proud.
The atmosphere of the story is pleasant. Everyone spends time with their family, having fun together, celebrating together, and it will give you a sense of what family is all about. Like the family in the story who moved to America, they didn't know anyone in the first place, and they didn't have any friends. They lived in a one room apartment, but after a few years they moved to a @NUM1 room apartment. There is a family with a newborn baby on it. The baby is the job of the protagonist (the nanny) and the protagonist's first friend. For the protagonist, friendship and home are very important to him. If there is no friendship and family, there is no love. These teach the protagonist how to love and care for a person. else. The protagonist says that friendship and family are the foundation of his life, and he understands it without letting his parents teach him. When you have friendship, family and love, everything is perfect for you. All you need is the support of your family. You will always be happy and very lucky to have all these things.
Another mood created is how happy narciso is because her parents gave up so much for her to have a better life and education in America.
@CAPS1 tries to get the reader to understand how Narciso Rodriguez feels, it describes how Narciso grew up and how difficult it was for him to live in that environment and family. For example, "I was born in 1961 in two blond brick houses in the Ironbound district of Newark, NJ." This quote @CAPS4 Even from his early days as a child, Narciso still lived in harsh conditions, and Nothing. @CAPS1 @CAPS4 The unhappiness of the Rodriguez family and how they worked to make everything better before. For example "I will never forget how my parents turned the house into a home". Again, this grate @CAPS4 they are proud to live in a better place and environment and had to work hard to get to where they are now
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, a non-nostalgic mood is created from his memory. This mood was created by his parents and where he lived. One way the mood is not nostalgic is that he is grateful to his parents. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Through his gratitude to his parents, he is helping this nostalgia grow. Plus, where he lives helps improve his mood. "To that end, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents transformed this simple house into A home” (@CAPS1 @NUM2). Since his parents turned his house into a home, he will never forget what they did for him, making this memoir even less nostalgic. In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he creates a non-nostalgic mood from past memories.
Very few emotions are created. They are comfort, love and sacrifice. Cozy because of the way @PERSON1 describes his home, his parents and his neighborhood family. Love because his parents loved him and each other so much, they cared about what they did and their family. Sacrifice because his parents sacrificed their comfortable home to move to @LOCATION1 for their son. It's hard for them, but @ORGANIZATION1 appreciates it. He loves his parents for everything they did for him.
There are a lot of emotions set by @CAPS1 in the memoir. One of those moods is happiness. Narciso has a very happy family. They have many friends and are grateful. Another emotion set by @CAPS1 is pride. He is proud to have such caring and selfless parents. The third emotion in the memoir is love. Narciso and his family are loved by many and they love them too. His parents' arms and doors were always open to anyone who needed to get back on their feet. Narciso is grateful to have such a great family (including extended ones). There is an emotion of caring, love, gratitude and happiness in this memoir. Those are the emotions that @CAPS1 set in this memoir.
The mood the author creates is very cheerful and outgoing. This person is very happy growing up and living in @LOCATION1. He loves that his parents give up everything and be selfless so their kids can live a normal life and do what they want. The kids' parents are very outgoing because they gave up everything in Cuban life so they could give everything they ever wanted to be their kids in @LOCATION1.
In Narciso Rodriguez's nonfiction book The @CAPS1 prints of our life, he talks about his family and where he lived before he became the famous fashion designer. The mood emanating from this biography is one of sadness and joy. He talks about our family originally from Cuba and how they arrived in America in 1956. After living in a furnished studio for a year, he moved into a three-bedroom apartment he called home, he said. He has many happy memories in his apartment. Alegria was his nanny and became his first friend. Narciso Rodriguez gives the story a mood that is both uplifting and sad.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of joy, love, and gratitude. Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. That said, when he was growing up, there was a fun vibe in his house that made you happy. "Growing up in an environment like this made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." Here, he talks about the fact that he loves his family even though he is not related to them, which gives me a sense of a feeling of love. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." He was saying that he thanked his parents for everything he had done for him, which made me feel grateful to my parents. This is the emotion I feel in my memoirs that the author creates.
I think the mood of this story is grateful. I think it's because the story says Narciso thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. Also because in the story, Narciso says his parents turned a simple house into a home. This means they are kind and selfless. He said, “The warmth of the kitchen of his humble house, where Cuban feasts always fill the air with not only smell and music, but life and love.
In this memoir, the mood is very happy, reminiscent of childhood memories. The reason is because he talks about how his parents led him to be a strong-willed person, which he couldn't have done unless he had the conditions at the time. He seemed to be thinking that his life would have been very different if he hadn't had the parents and opportunities he had back then. So, the mood in this poem makes you feel that home is where the heart is.
The mood author Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is to be proud and happy for his parents. "...Living above us, Alegria often graces our dining table." The author is happy, recalling unhappy or unpleasant memories. It's not romantic, lonely, or sad, but happy, fun, friendly, and fulfilling. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Narciso is so grateful to his parents so @CAPS1 can have a better life and education than them. @CAPS1 Thanks a lot to them. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 wrote how @CAPS1 told them what they did was braver than @CAPS1, and he admired their perseverance and strength. @CAPS1 really loves and appreciates his parents and what they did for him, which is the theme of the memoir. The @CAPS2 sentiment created by Narciso Rodriguez is that his parents are proud and admired and very happy.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. First, the sentiment of history is that the author wants to represent the history of a family who came to @LOCATION1. Second, the history is good because the son of the family was born in @LOCATION1 and the author tries to represent the nationality of @CAPS1, the parents are of other nationalities and they know how to live with their son.
In the story "@PERSON1", the mood created by the author is loving and peaceful. For example, passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. This shows that the home is very peaceful. Another example is, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family. This shows that her family is kind and loving. In the end, I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. They show that she loves her parents very much and always will. In short, that's the loving and peaceful mood the author has created.
The emotions created by @CAPS1 in this memoir are mainly expressed through memoir. Thank you so much because @CAPS1 talks about how grateful he is for having such loving parents who risked sacrificing their jobs, and @CAPS2 everything they go back to Cuba to America, they don't know the language, have no money, at the moment There is no shelter. I know it's grateful because @CAPS1 clearly wrote "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This pinpoints the sentiment and throughout the excerpt @CAPS1 talks about his gratitude to his parents. All in all, I think the mood for this article is just one of gratitude.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. The mood of the memoir is loving, as Narciso's home reminds him of his hometown. The author talks about his grandparents not coming to @LOCATION1 until 1970. Narciso's house became one that reminded him of Cuba.
In the memoir, outhor's mood is about family culture and how I'm going to be in a house with your family and friends and how important it is, in the story Narciso Rodriguez's parents move and how he lives and how these Cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship, and Narciso Rodriguez's parents, the olwoys, opened their doors to those they considered family, who would do just like us. Always thanking his parents for their love and sacrifice, Narciso Rodriguez said he will never forget the house he lived in or the gracious community it was so great for him and everything he had. Learning How to Love with Neighbors He says he will never forget how his parents turned his simple house into a home. That's in the house of Narciso Rodriguez, who likes to be with his neighbors
There is a strong and palpable sentiment in this memoir that stands out to me because Narciso is grateful and he is obviously very grateful to his parents and family. I know this because the memoir saying "I will always be grateful for my parents' love and sacrifice" really shows that @PERSON1 is grateful for his parents' love for him. When @PERSON2 said "But, actually, I can't express my testament to the generosity and importance of family and @CAPS1 that impressed me at such a young age." This quote shows how grateful he is His family, also shows how his family shaped him as a person. All in all, there is a lot of emotion in this story, but the most important thing to me about @CAPS2 is that he is grateful.
The author creates a feeling of immense gratitude. The author knows that not every family (Cuba or maybe @CAPS1) can come together and be truly happy and grateful for what they have. Not every family gets along well with other people. Not every family has the satisfaction of sharing and giving to others. This is a thank you to your parents. The authors have consistently praised their bravery, even breaking the law to help those in need. Parents bring such joy by welcoming different people and sharing joy with them. The author had an incredible experience and is forever grateful that she had such wonderful parents.
The emotion the memoirist creates is gratitude. The mood is grateful because throughout this memoir, the author looks back on In the memoir, the author says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did." @CAPS1 also expressed the importance of family and friends sex. @CAPS1 said, by stating "I get the real definition of family here".
The author creates a feeling of gratitude. The author creates this emotion by telling readers how grateful she is for her parents' love and sacrifice. The author is grateful to her parents because when they moved to the United States, they had to start over with their lives. This means that all new jobs have to be found. The author explains her greatness by telling her parents that they were more courageous than ever in what they did. The author also said that she was influenced by generosity at such a young age and could not express her gratitude.
The author expresses a feeling of love in his memoir. I know it's because he didn't say anything bad, he talked about how his parents helped him and others. In the second paragraph he talks about how beautiful and comsortabur his house is. I know this because he said. Love for cooking and passion for Cuban music.
A) The emotion created in this memoir is a basic emotion. Neither joy nor sadness in the bland mood as it talks about how their debt needs to move the child has lost all of their friends. Children cannot go to school because they cannot afford any type of education. So that's why it's a basic or flat emotion. I also believe it's an underlying sentiment because it says "the kids have to do a lot of work" because they are the youngest and the older ones can't do the work or they'll get hurt. It's in a good mood towards the end because it says "my parents will always be by my side".
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are very loving, grateful and happy. The author describes the love of his family and his friends in this memoir. He thanked his parents for giving him a good life, and he thanked them for their love and sacrifice. He also described the happiness in the kitchen, the heart of the house.
In the memoir @PERSON1 written by @PERSON1, the mood is blissful. First, Rodriguez wrote: "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking to this day (for which I am forever grateful)" (@NUM1 paragraph) Narciso's parents had great skills and love for cooking, and now Narciso has great love and skills for cooking too. He is still happy to have both today. Finally, @PERSON1 wrote, "For this, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents This Simple House Becomes Home" (@paragraph @NUM2) Narciso learned love at home. His parents have a @NUM3 room house but have the ability to make it home. It doesn't matter how big the house is, what matters is who you're with. All in all, Narciso is very happy and delighted with what his parents have done for him.
@PERSON1 wrote this memoir in a joyful, warm, meaningful way. He was able to describe in great detail what happened in his childhood home and how caring and loving his parents were. Not only to him, but to almost anyone. Anyone thought to be family was allowed in, and he was grateful for being Cuban, for the food he could eat and for the wonderful aroma of the Cuban kitchen. I was very comforted by his description of this home, as it had a happy backdrop and he rated it so highly. It's an enticing place to take part in life in this place that makes the most of "Cuban Home."
I think the mood the author creates is proud and happy. Because he is coming to America. And live a better life as an immigrant. He got a better education, and he is proud and grateful to have such parents.
Mood given by author in @CAPS1. When he explained his reasons and thoughts, he was very happy, thoughtful, respectful, grateful, touched, he expressed that his family life was very good, he said that the best thing his parents did for him was to leave the family in Cuba and start a new The life of @LOCATION1 is for a new life and future, and he also said that he is always grateful to his parents for everything they have done for him. But he knew it wasn't the best way, he just had to show he was grateful.
The life of @PERSON1 as a child was heaven to him. He understands what a real family is and that no matter what happens, people care about each other. In his eyes, his entire community is one big family. His parents were friendly and helpful to everyone. All of these cultures blend together, although customs are different elsewhere. They will reach out to anyone in need because they know they will do the same for them. Throughout his life he will never forget his wonderful childhood and all the things he taught, @CAPS1 and generosity.
In this memoir," @PERSON1, who felt loved as he wrote this. A @CAPS1 was when he said, "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give to the people there Children provide a better life..." is showing @CAPS1 of love. Also, when he said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. In the end @CAPS1 was he saying: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. In this memoir you can see that @PERSON1 really cares about his family especially him Loving parents.
In his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, author Narciso Rodriguez creates an atmosphere in his memoir of home and family. Narciso talks about how lucky he is to have a wonderful home that belongs to him and a family that has always been by his side. Narciso said it best in the final lines of his memoir: "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget How my parents turned this simple house into a home." The big emotions in the memoir are a feeling of warmth and happiness, an environment where everyone is family, a strong sense of community, togetherness and belonging Feeling, love, care, family and friendship are always there, this is home, forever and ever. "In our neighborhood, ... all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants, who are obviously Belonging to need...my parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us." @CAPS1 The sentiment in the memoir is one Intense love and gratitude to Narciso for his parents. They are strong, brave, selfless and brave, and they give a lot to give Narciso a better life. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that they did more courageous things than I did." The author builds his home and family in his memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives" atmosphere.
The author has a lot of emotion in his memoir. One of his emotions was that he was happy. "The Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not only smell and music, but life and love". This sentence shows that he is happy. Another emotion is that he is grateful. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." It proves that he is grateful. These are the moods of the author in the memoir.
My memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" From Hometown: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author created the mood about a Cuban who came to America without knowing the language and making no money. It's not easy though, which is why Narciso is so grateful. She also recounted how many people came and went because her parents had open arms to anyone.
The emotion of this memoir is gratitude. This memoir is basically about the author's gratitude to his parents. The author is grateful to the parents for their love and sacrifice. To quote, "In America, they have to start their lives completely over." From this sentence, I can see why the author is grateful. His parents decided to emigrate to give him a better life, sacrificing family, friends, work and country. Another reason the author is grateful is because the author has learned that "family" is not just blood relatives, but more. In one passage, "In our community, despite customs everywhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. From this snippet, I can see that the author is grateful to be able to understand the true nature of the family Meaning. He learned that "home" is a united people. The author is grateful for their courage. In the text, quoting "They were struggling both personally and financially, braving the harsh northern winters while yearning for own family. "Native to the tropics, facing a cultural dilemma." From this sentence, I could see his parents were grateful. Most people will drop high and wide obstacles in their way. His parents could have given up, but they didn't. I think it makes sense that the writer should thank his parents for their courage. In conclusion, I believe the mood of the memoir is grateful, because the author's parents have gone to great lengths to make it easier for him.
The mood the author creates in the memoir is one of joy, as the memoir tells how a parent sacrificed everything for their child, and then they stumbled across a house into a lifetime of fond memories.
The author tells us the story of a child who just came to America. He's only @NUM1 and he loves it. A man named narciso @PERSON1 is a memoir for all.
In this memoir, the author makes the mood happy. An example is when they talk about all being one family and making people stay. Another is when they talk about racism and other things, but how the neighbors are united. All in all, the mood for the memoir is a happy one.
The overall mood that author Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is very warm and loving, showing great solidarity in his home and family. In the @NUM1 segment, Narciso talks about the tremendous selflessness and courage his parents had when immigrating to @LOCATION2. Narciso talks about his gratitude to them for leaving their home so he can live a better life. In the @NUM2 and @NUM3 paragraphs of his memoir, Narciso describes the warmth and generosity of his family. He also showed that family doesn't necessarily mean blood. His family is from Cuba, but their community also has other cultures like @CAPS1 and also Spanish immigrants. This loving and extremely rich cultural background in which he lived as a child shows a high level of solidarity between different types of people. The doors of Narciso's house are always open to those in need. Narciso Rodriguez's definition of family suggests that his background is full of sharing, joy and love, all packed into his small New Jersey apartment.
In terms of today, @PERSON1 wouldn't be considered rich, but under the hood he is richer than most. For example, "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with loved ones." Families are invaluable and a huge asset to Narciso, and throughout his memoirs, He constantly brings a sense of family. It seems like that emotion is giving, it holds everything together and everything will be fine! He is also very grateful to his parents and neighbors. "But really, I can't express how grateful I am for the spirit and generosity that impressed me at such a young age and proved the importance of family and friends." I feel the overall mood of this memoir Very warm and optimistic about life. They made the most of their situation, which really impressed Narciso. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
The mood created by the author is @CAPS1, @CAPS2, relaxed. I think it's because all he talks about is his family and how much his parents have done for him. For example, in @CAPS3 @NUM1 it says "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." To me it sounds like @CAPS2 because he knows if help is needed , he can always go home to his parents. Another example is at @CAPS3 @NUM1 where it says "I learned how to love there". To me it sounds like he was having a tough time growing up and he hasn't really loved someone in his life until now.
The emotions created by Narciso Rodriguez in from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives are immense gratitude, happiness and admiration. Rodriguez describes his home @CAPS1 writing: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, form the backdrop of our warm home life" (@NUM1) . Rodriguez expressed happiness as he recalled his "warm" home. @CAPS2, in the mood to admire his parents. @CAPS1 wrote, "My parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of language or culture" (@NUM2). Rodriguez admires his parents coming to @LOCATION1, ready to work hard despite knowing nothing about the country. Finally, the mood can be described as grateful or grateful. Rodriguez wrote: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@NUM3). A house is not just a physical part. His parents were full of love and compassion, and Narciso Rodriguez was great. The overall mood of this verse is great and happy.
In the memoir of "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives," a good sense of accomplishment is created. Emotions first develop in the first paragraph, when Narciso writes that his parents immigrated from Cuba and were able to move from one room to a three-room apartment. A second occurrence of this sentiment is when the authors write about how their communities came together and helped each other during the segregation and racism of that period. The third and final manifestation of emotion is how parents use what they can get their hands on and turn their house into a home. Achievement, is the mood that Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives".
The mood of this memoir is appreciated. The author reflects on his experiences at home in a positive way, expressing his gratitude for what he has. "Both my parents shared cooking responsibilities and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with me (for which I am forever grateful) (@NUM1 paragraph) . This sentence shows Narciso's appreciation for cooking skills passed on to him by his parents. The additional information in parentheses also lends a grateful tone to this post. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph: "I will forever Thank you parents for their love and sacrifice. The language used (grateful) shows how grateful he feels. The word 'grateful' is used repeatedly throughout the reading. Repetition lets the reader know that the word is very important. So gratitude seems to be a key word Also, later in the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "But, actually, I can't express how grateful I am for the generosity that impressed me at such a young age." There is so much passion in the sentence." The Way My Gratitude" shows that he is so grateful, he can't even express it. The author really shows his readers how much he is grateful to his family.
The emotion Narciso Rodriguez expresses very strongly in "Narciso Rodriguez" is gratitude. In the memo, I @CAPS1 mentioned that @CAPS1 really appreciates his parents for giving him family life, happiness, love, etc. For example @CAPS1 thanked them for their "rich culinary skills and love of cooking that I am today (for which I am so grateful)." Narciso thanked them in a way @CAPS1 could never thank them. "…I thank them time and time again. But really, I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity..." Narciso "will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." @CAPS1 so grateful for what they did for a better life Everything he did, showed him happiness, family, love and sacrifice. Overall, the main emotion of this memoir is gratitude.
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs comes in different ways. The first mood is gratitude, and in "still with my cooking skills and love today" @CAPS1 the grateful mood is "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents" admiration," I often tell them about my love for them Admiration for the strength and perseverance of the author, there are many emotions in this memoir, and the author stands out for his greatness and admiration.
The emotion the author creates in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is gratitude. The emotion the author creates in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is grateful. The author's followers are especially grateful for the fifth, sixth and seventh paragraphs. The fifth paragraph talks about how grateful he is that his parents came to America so bravely without any knowledge of language or culture. "Believing that this struggle will make them and their children a better time has driven them to endure these difficult times." "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" is the opening of the sixth paragraph. The author explains how he told his parents that their plans were much braver than his. The author also said how much he admired his parents for their strength and perseverance, and thanked them again and again. The author said his parents taught him two lessons without telling him, but used their life, "the teachings that have always been the foundation of my life." Finally in the last paragraph the last sentence says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This finally shows the true gratitude of Narciso Rodriguez.
The author @CAPS1 is nice because the story is a bit of a joy.
Emotions in a memoir can be expressed in many different ways. This memoir mainly expresses Narciso's gratitude to his parents. He detailed all the sacrifices his parents made for him. Leave all their friends and family, the hot climate and their culture back to Cuba. Another emotion expressed in the memoir is love and kindness. Narciso's parents were kind to everyone. They turned their house into a hotel for those in need until they were ready to leave. They had dinner where friends and family came. Even though they were struggling financially, they still let everyone in. Narciso's parents made the greatest sacrifice for him. What they did for him created the good mood described in the memo.
The atmosphere created by the author in his memoirs is good. Her memoir is good because in 1961 they moved to a simple house with just two families. Blond bricks are built in the tin of @LOCATION1. She was also in a good mood as she celebrated her first birthday when she arrived in the country.
In this selection of homes, Narciso Rodriguez gives it a whole new definition. Narciso Rodriguez is now a recognized costume designer, but as a child she also lived a wonderful life full of laughter and love. She grew up in two families in Newark, New Jersey. I can smell, hear and imagine where Narciso grew up now. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today, for which I am forever grateful." This quote goes to It gave me an image of a happy family and put me in a good mood, although it reminded me of my family and the memories we shared in the kitchen. The passionate Cuban music I love to this day fills the kitchen with aromas. This quote really gets me in the mood because it reminds me of the summer when my own house is filled with loud music. Narciso Rodriguez definitely created an atmosphere in this choice, and it was a great one.
The emotions the author creates in this memoir by Narciso Rodriguez are grateful. Throughout the excerpt, it shows how grateful he is for living with his family, living at home, and living his life in general at @LOCATION1. Reading this made me grateful to live at @LOCATION1. The article even mentioned that he was "thankful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." It uses words like "warmth", which here means friendliness, "aromatic", "richness" and "unity". All of these words, and many others with similar meanings, contribute to this atmosphere. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it mentions all the sacrifices his parents made to get their family to @LOCATION1. He then speaks of his gratitude, truly showing the contrast between sacrifice and gratitude. It is for these reasons that the mood of this excerpt is grateful, or grateful.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a mood. In the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. But really, I cannot express how grateful I am for such a young spirit of generosity and generosity shown. How important family and friends are ." The emotion is fixed on this paragraph. It shows and speaks of his gratitude. The emotion in the story is grateful.
I think the author wants to go back to Cuba to see his family and friends. I also think the author wants to go back to Cuba. Staying with his family and friends, taking care of @CAPS1's older relatives
Throughout the story, the writer puts details in your mind, explains things, draws pictures, and sets the mood for the story. Several different emotions emerge in the story, but one of the most important is love. Not only because of the proximity of his neighbors and family, but also because of the overall bond and solidarity they share, but also because his parents "turned this simple house into home." The author also says that "the air is always full of not just smell and music, but life and love." This passage totally reveals how much love is in the air, even in those trying times. It also shows how important your loved ones are and how you need them in your life.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives by Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates the mood that he is great and happy. The memoir is in a good mood because he is blessed to have a lot of things. First of all, he is grateful to his parents because they have always loved him. “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did.” (paragraph @NUM1). In the memoir, @PERSON1 puts the mood in a really good mood as he talks about his gratitude for friends, culture, like I said before my parents. "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air, not just with scent and music, but with life and love." @CAPS1 Above all, his love for his home , where he lives and whoever lives with him is grateful. "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family.' For that, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." ( paragraph @NUM2). He wrote all about his greatness to everything. So all in all, the mood of this memoir is his ecstasy.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez at Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a mood in the story, and the author does it by writing in a certain way. One way authors do this is by writing very sympathetically. "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." (@NUM1 paragraph). The second way authors set their mood is by diving into deeper ideas within paragraphs and brackets. For example in the @NUM2 section. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which is still with me (for which I am forever grateful)." Author Set A third way to be emotional is to say this to parents who love them deeply. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice, and I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did." (@NUM3 paragraph). The overall mood the author sets for this memoir is one of cordiality, sweetness, and gratitude, and Narciso Rodriguez is grateful for many things; family, culture, and living in America.
Based on this, the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratitude and happiness. The mood created by the author in the memoir is the first example of gratitude. The author This author is grateful for his Cuban culture and heritage. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it talks about what he is grateful for (Cuban music, food...). Here's an example from this article or paragraph". My young parents created our traditional Cuban family, the heart of which is the kitchen. My parents shared the culinary responsibilities and unknowingly passed it on to me that they had A wealth of cooking skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (which I am forever grateful for). Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day)..." This is an example of how he is grateful. The second example is that the mood the author creates in the memoir is also happy about his life. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it explains how satisfied he is with his life. Here's another example from the article, "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'home'. To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or what I learned there about How to love many things. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This is another example of the author's joy in his own life.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that Narciso is the life of @CAPS2 and @CAPS1 will not change that. In the @NUM1 segment, @CAPS1 said "The love of cooking is still with me today (for which I am forever grateful.)" @CAPS1 showed that @CAPS1 loves his family and his own cooking. Also in the @NUM1 segment, "The air is filled with passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day)." Narciso shows that @CAPS1 loves his culture in music. In the @NUM3 paragraph, Narciso said, "even if it means leaving family, friends and career in the country they love". This shows that the family is still @CAPS2 in the country they are now in, but it was fine before. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Narciso said in the @NUM4 segment. Narciso loves his family and appreciates everything they have done for him. The overall vibe of this memoir is @CAPS2, @CAPS2, so many beautiful and fun moments the family can share together.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a mood full of love and happiness. The author expresses his love for his culture, family and family. It reminds readers of their family and their culture, and who they grew up with. The mood of this story reminds me of my Italian grandparents and the sacrifices they made to give their family a better life. The mood of the story also shows devotion, respect and admiration for loved ones. The author said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." I know when I read this, I realized what my parents did for me. This mood also reminds me of what my mom did for her job. She helps homeless teens find a place to stay, and she's always enthusiastic. Narciso's parents often kept family and friends at home to get them back on their feet. The mood of the story is very positive. It helps readers connect as all our relatives know better how long ago sacrifices were made for their families. The caring and respectful mood the author creates reminds me of my family.
The emotions in this memoir are very happy and uplifting. This memoir can lift the spirits of any needy person who doesn't like the home or family they live in. The memoir shows that even if you are poor, you can be happy with family and friends. The final sentence of the memoir says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This shows that you can make the most of any situation with family and friends. Narciso and his family became successful and lived a good life because of their positive attitude
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 of our Lives, the author creates the atmosphere of the story. One is in a very @CAPS3 mood. This is because the author uses his family members, and his struggle to find a definition of "family". In addition, the author shared specific information about his family situation. Also, the mood seems to be grateful. The author is constantly thankful to his parents, he recalls his past, how wonderful his family and friends were. Narciso Rodriguez said: "I will never forget how my parents turned the humble house into a home." Narciso will never forget his parents turning the simple old house they owned into a home became home. In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates the atmosphere of the story.
The author's mood for the memoir is that at times it is joyful and exciting, at times difficult and struggling, and at the end humble. The emotions given by the author are happy. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. It's a happy mood because of the music playing in the air and the smell of food. Another mood is a Hard and struggling mood. In the @NUM2 paragraph it states: "They are struggling both personally and financially, yearning for a native tropical region facing cultural hardships in the midst of harsh winters. It's about citations because it shows they're struggling. The last emotion is modesty. Humble because in the @NUM3 paragraph, it states "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast is always full of music, and life and love. The reason they are related is that Because of the humility of this sentence. Summary The author gives several different sentiments to the memoir.
There are different emotions in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez". The three different moods are happy, joyful and grateful. Through this memoir, he seems happy. He's happy where he lives and that he has a loving and wonderful family, "In our neighborhood, despite the different customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. "@CAPS1 is in a good mood in this memoir. He is enjoying every family moment. He also enjoys having his family at home forever. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they'll do the same for us." @CAPS2's heart in this memoir is grateful. He's thankful that he had amazing parents who taught him different things, (like cooking) "I will always be grateful to my parents or their love and sacrifice."
What is a memoir? A memoir is about writing about a person's feelings and experiences in one's life. Narciso Rodriguez's memoir tells the story of her humble home in Newark, New Jersey. Throughout her memoir, Rodriguez has a uniquely loving and caring mood that she learned from her parents as a child. Mood is largely determined by her memories of her environment, friends, and culture. Rodriguez describes all of these things to make you feel the mood she's expressing. From the moment she was born, feelings of love and care were infused into her childhood memories. Rodriguez begins in the second paragraph with a picture of her home, which has been transformed into a traditional Cuban home by her parents. She describes "a wealth of culinary skills... passionate Cuban music... and a congregation of family and friends." @CAPS1, she began describing the love of her friends and neighbors, whom she feels are family. Finally, Rodriguez describes the influence of her Cuban culture on her. She talks about how her parents helped others of her kind that made her who she is today.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the emotion created by the author is the emotion of love. The emotion created by the author is love. Narciso's parents came all the way from Cuba to give him a better life. In his memoir, he grew up in a kitchen full of people who taught him his love of cooking. In this new house, many people came to eat, and he felt good around them. "... often joins our dinner table." But in this new country, his parents are struggling both personally and financially, even as they start their lives over. But they believed they would prosper. "Belief that this fight will make them and their children better times drives them to endure these tough times." As mentioned above, they have confidence, but they love each other so much that they will stop at nothing.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is one of excitement/happiness. In the author's memoir, "Rawedia Maria and Narciso Rodriguez, Sr. have the means to move into a humble three-bedroom apartment that I will soon call home." The author is excited and delighted to be moving from Cuba, Have the opportunity to grow up in America.
The author creates a great feeling of love and gratitude in this memoir. In the @NUM1 paragraph, @CAPS1 explained that his parents left Cuba with pretty good jobs. His father worked in a laboratory and his mother studied chemical engineering. They both came to @LOCATION2 and had to do whatever jobs they could find, even though they deserved better ones. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 is so grateful for what his parents did, how much they gave to make a better life for their children The spirit of generosity at such a young age, and the real importance of family and friends. They don't just "tell" him to live this way, they live their lives based on that belief. That's why @CAPS1 makes these teachings the foundation of his life. These are the author's ways of setting the mood of love and gratitude in this memoir.
I think the memoir has a joyful and grateful mood. He talks about how grateful he is to have such a good family that he can call his home. I think when readers read this memoir, they think how grateful they should be to be blessed by someone who loves them and has each other. I just think the memoir creates a happy mood.
In the memoir, the author tells us about his family and friends and his background. He told us that the way he was raised shaped his life. He loves his parents, relatives and his home. He even loves his Cuban roots. Throughout this memoir, the author has nothing but joy and a good attitude. He let us know that home is where the heart is and that he would not trade his childhood for anything.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez created in this excerpt from his memoir "Home: The @CAPS1 in Our Lives" is quite comforting. He uses words like "warm" (@CAPS3 @NUM1) and "tightly coupled" (@CAPS3 @NUM2). He shows us how popular his house is in @CAPS3 @NUM3, @CAPS2, "with countless family members coming and going." In @CAPS3 @NUM4, he recounts how his family "selflessly... ...to give their children a better life". They did, because in @CAPS3 @NUM5 the author said "It was in...this humble house...where I learned the true definition of 'family'."
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of happiness and acceptance. Although Narciso Rodriguez was Cuban like his family, he integrated into his community and likely made many friends quickly. This gives a feeling of acceptance and also a feeling of happiness. This is the mood that the author sets in the story.
The mood @CAPS1 created in the memoir is @CAPS2. @CAPS1 talks about his parents migrating to @CAPS4 so he can get a better education. He tells us how they welcome people into their homes when they are in need. It said in an excerpt, "They struggled both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for their native tropics and facing cultural difficulties." @CAPS5 His parents faced many conflicts and they are still there , which he is very grateful for. This just shows @CAPS1 @CAPS7 how much they have and how grateful he is.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs. Happy and great in line at @NUM1 It is said that growing up in this environment has instilled in me a strong feeling that "family" has nothing to do with blood, so she likes to say where she grew up, they are all the same, they It doesn't have to be about her people, she's happy to have them.
The memoir "@PERSON1" from "Home": "Blueprint of Our Lives" written by @PERSON1, the mood created by the author is grateful. The mood throughout the memoir is grateful + grateful. @PERSON1 is grateful he has such parents. They showed him that you don't have to be related by blood to be family. Caring and always being there for each other and loving each other is just as important as having the same @CAPS1. He also has great respect for his parents. They moved to @LOCATION1 for a better life, but not only is it better there, so are everyone else, friends, family members who are always welcome, and even those who just need help getting into their home and making them feel welcome and loved ones. Gratitude, gratitude and respect are the emotions @PERSON1 feels in this memoir.
The emotions in this memoir are very strong. Sad at times, "they come here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their families, friends and careers where they are. Loved country. They were struggling personally and financially. . . The barriers to work were so big and high that both my parents had to accept that they might not be able to get the kind of jobs they deserved." In this memoir, The mood is also sometimes joyful. "Growing up in such an environment makes me deeply feel that family has nothing to do with blood." The author Narciso Rodriguez created many emotions in his memoirs, he created happiness, sadness and so on, But his memoir ends happily, "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home."
The emotions created in the memoir are happy and caring, and sometimes sad. He was happy when he was reunited with his family, but concerned when his family let random strangers stay with them until they got a foothold and when he couldn't see his grandparents until they got permission from Cuba.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is gratitude. Narciso often explains how grateful he is to his parents. Like when he said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. Narciso starts with the memoir talking about the hardships of his parents and then about what a wonderful home they have built for him. Then he talks about what they have All the good times, and then again, he thanked them.
The mood created for me in this memo is one of gratitude, joy, and mostly gratitude. I believe this mood is grateful because the narrator refers to it several times, like in the third paragraph he mentions how grateful he is to have his parents cook and teach him how to cook. He also said he was grateful to be introduced to Cuban music. I think this memoir also has a joyous mood, because while the difficulties are mentioned, it's not about how they struggled, but about how they overcame the difficulties they faced when migrating to @LOCATION1. Another way this memoir is happy is because he talks about how happy everyone is and how family makes a house a home, it touches your heart and gives you a sense of well-being. I think this memoir is mainly a thank you, because the whole memoir feels to me like a thank you note to the narrator's parents. That's how the mood I create in my memoir is grateful, happy, and mostly grateful.
The emotions of Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives are grateful, loving, happy and loving. The entire memoir looks fondly at the home he grew up in. He expresses his love for this time throughout the article, and his quote Narciso Rodriguez expresses his gratitude: "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents" This quote shows how he thanked his parents for their everything he does. Through this line of his memoirs, he showed great joy. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration that includes both, make up the The context of life is in our warm home." This quote expresses joy as it looks back on his family and environment in a positive and joyful way. Love and love oozes throughout the memoir, but it stands out in this line, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" which expresses his love for home. Love and love for parents. In "Narciso Rodriguez" in Narciso Rodriguez's Blueprint for Our Lives, the mood is both loving and joyful and grateful.
In the memoir, the author creates a lot of emotions. First of all, the author created this emotion that makes people want to cry. Although there is a feeling of love here. Narciso loves his home because it was where he grew up and he cherishes it. Also, Narciso is excited to have the opportunity to grow up in @LOCATION1. In the end, he's glad he has Cuban culture and thoughtful parents. The author is in a good mood.
Rodriguez creates a cheerful and funny atmosphere in this memoir. For example, in the second paragraph, Rodriguez writes about how his parents cook and the music they play. In parentheses, he adds his @CAPS1 about how much he appreciates his parents for their love of cooking and how he still loves them Passionate music played. In the @NUM1 segment, the author writes about the closeness and friendliness of his neighbors. He talks about everyone being an immigrant and facing apartheid, but always willing to lend a hand. Finally, in the sixth paragraph, Rodriguez thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. All in all, Rodriguez loves the home his parents built for him.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is to love your home and everyone around you. The author is grateful for all the skills her parents taught her, like cooking, and she says she appreciates it, as well as music. She enjoys cooking and listening to Cuban music. She also loves everyone around her family and how they come together in solidarity, even though they are all different cultures. She thanked her parents for everything they did to give her a better life. I think that's the mood of the memoir that the author wrote.
The mood the author creates in his memoir changes throughout the book. At first, he felt normal to explain his life and the importance of his parents to him. When he explained how important his parents were to him, he was very happy and happy for all the things that his parents had affected his life. In the middle of the memoir, he explains what his life was like and how he liked how he was in it. Finally, he looks back on his life as a child and how he improved his life.
On the basis of the memoir, the emotions that the author creates in the memoir are full of love and satisfaction. It was full of love and fulfillment because Narciso and his family love everyone. People from all over the world came, separated from their families and they were okay. It says in paragraph @NUM1 that growing up there instilled in them a strong sense that "family" has nothing to do with blood. Around there, despite the customs and practices elsewhere, all cultures merged in great solidarity and friendship. They were all proud and happy that everyone came together as a family. In the paragraph @NUM2 Narciso said he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. Narciso is in a loving mood as he appreciates what his parents have done for him. Last but not least, @NUM3 Narciso also has a feeling of love and gratitude as he learns the true definition of family and love. Narciso declared: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. One way he expressed this in his memoirs was by saying that his men let other immigrants into their houses. Another way to express this is to say that his parents selflessly left Cuba to live a better life for their children. Furthermore, the author of the memoir expressed this, saying that his family turned this simple house into a home. This is the mood created by the author in his memoirs
The mood @CAPS1 creates in the memoir is a mix. You will feel happy and fulfilled as you read this story because @CAPS1 is showing how great her family and friends are and how great her life is. She also said that you don't need a lot of money or a big house to be happy. In the @NUM1 segment, she said "I will always be satisfied with the love and sacrifice of my partners." That said to me, very happy, she is very happy to have parents like hers and she never wants to lose them. She also said in the @NUM1 paragraph: "Actually, I can't express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity..." To me, everyone should be so grateful to their family and loved ones because you never know When are you going to let go?
The mood the author creates sounds happy, but also sad at the same time. He is happy to move to America. But it's a pity because his friends won't be with him. Another thing is that he sounds sad because he's thinking about memories. These are all things that describe the emotions that the author creates.
The mood created by the author is very happy and full of joy. None of the situations in the story are negative. They are mostly memories of the good old days and how he grew up in a loving and caring family. To prove this in the first sentence of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS3 His parents sacrificed their hopes and dreams, which shows their love for the author love and admiration.
In the memoir, @PERSON1 by @PERSON2 The emotions he created are grateful. The emotions of author @PERSON1 in the memoir are grateful. He is very grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents for him, so that he understands the true definition of "family". In a passage from @NUM1 Narciso said, "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." Narciso's mood made him grateful that he was in what he called The unity that the place owns for home. There were many different immigrants, mainly Spaniards, Cubans and a few Italians. In conclusion, Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful for the opportunity given to him. Now he is an international clothing designer. He will never forget his days in a traditional Cuban home.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joyful, joyful, and unique. I am sure the author is happy because he/she is very grateful for the love of cooking that his/her parents passed on to him/her. “Both my parents shared cooking duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking, which I still love to this day (for which I am forever grateful).” I believe He/she is as delightful as the way he/she writes his memoirs. The words she/he uses, the way he/she writes them sounds pleasant because of who he/she is. The author sounds unique to me because he/she is happy that he/she is Cuban and happy with what he/she has. That's what I think the author is in the mood for in his memoir.
The atmosphere created by the author is a calm one. She evokes fond memories of her past life at home. She said she is forever grateful for everything her parents gave and taught her. When she was young and kind, her parents took her heritage very seriously and she lived in a very diverse area where she grew up with Spanish, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. There have been times of racism and violence. The overall mood she creates in this memoir is sad, happy and peaceful.
The mood of many things in our lives in @CAPS1's memoir Narciso Rodriguez. The mood is that happiness in his home shows him love as well as his culture and traditions. I think it's because in the story it says "I will never forget that house or its kind neighbors or the many things I learned there. About how to love"
In Home: The Blueprints of Our life's memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez," there's a lot of emotion. There are happy, grateful, stressed, calm, relaxed and demanding emotions. Some are in a happy mood because they have each other. There is a sense of gratitude for what Narciso's parents have done for him. There was a stressful mood because his parents weren't getting the jobs they deserved. Having calm emotions shows his contentment at home. There are light emotions to explain how he feels about life, and even harsh emotions to show the hard times they went through and so on. While some emotions are good, some are bad. The story shows their love for each other even though they may be going through some tough times. They can get through this together.
The author creates a mood based on Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez". First in the @NUM1 Narciso paragraph: "Here is innocent childhood, gatherings of family and friends, endless celebrations... This constitutes the living background of our warm home." This means that the author is trying to convey a joyful The mood, they are surrounded by me, is the basis of their warm home, as it says "the background life of our warm home". @CAPS1 It also has a homey feel to it. Second, it also says that "family has nothing to do with blood." That means he feels like he's close enough to everyone in the community, like family. No matter where they come from, they have everything for each other. Finally, in the paragraph @NUM2 Narciso says: "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again for it." This means that what the author is trying to express is thanks to his parents for creating him and grateful. All in all, the author has created many different meanings of family in the mood through this memoir.
Narciso Rodriguez uses an emotion of gratitude and contentment in her memoirs. @CAPS2 describes her house as warm and says "family has nothing to do with blood." Rodriguez is grateful to @CAPS2 for having someone to take care of @CAPS2 as she grew up. In addition, Rodriguez said the culture near her has "unity," or unity. @CAPS2 Glad that everyone in her neighborhood is getting along. Rodriguez said her parents came to @CAPS1 "selflessly", showing her gratitude for their decision. Additionally, the author stated that @CAPS2 is very grateful to her parents for their "love and sacrifice". @CAPS2 describes her parents as brave, strong and persistent. In the end, Rodriguez said her parents "turned this simple house into a home." Taken together, readers can now see Narciso Rodriguez's positive emotions in his memoir.
In her memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez describes their childhood home. The author creates a mood in this memoir. This sentiment is expressed by describing the kindness of his neighbors, his gratitude to his parents, and how his house has become home. This mood is created by describing the kindness of his neighbors. Narciso talks about his neighbors, describing them as "a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, although not necessarily of their own kind, are clearly in need." Narciso's Meaning, his community is a warm, loving place where everyone is a friend and there is no conflict. Narciso also talked about his gratitude to his parents. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if they left their family, friends and careers in the country they loved," he said . Set to be grateful, because if his parents hadn't given everything they had, he would have been worse off in Cuba. Narciso sets the mood by talking about his home. He said, “Countless extended family members come and go — often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet.” This adds warmth to his home, giving in a warmer setting. The mood in this memoir is shaped by the determination of @PERSON1's parents, the kindness of his community and the open arms of his family. All of these are definitions of family.
In the memoir, the mood the author creates is calm. @PERSON1 says his house has a warm home, which means it's nice and quiet. Where @PERSON1's family lives, the different cultures that live nearby are friendly to each other. In @PERSON1's family, they have countless extended family members, and they usually enjoy delicious meals and family reunions at the table with their families. The family of @PERSON1 welcomes many people into their family. @PERSON1 so grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. His family has many rich culinary skills. Their best skill is cooking, which is fun and relaxing for them. Finally, growing up in a New Jersey environment gave @PERSON1 a strong sense that "family isn't about blood." Obviously @PERSON1 and his family are very friendly and do a lot of peaceful things.
The author certainly created an atmosphere when he wrote his memoirs. The mood is love. Throughout his memoir, he talks about how his parents' love for him led them to leave their country and come to America. Because they loved him and wanted him to have a good life, they left Cuba, everyone they knew and loved, the jobs they had, and started all over again. The love of their family turned the house into a home he loved. They brought Cuban culture into the decor of their new home, "The heart of the kitchen is the kitchen. The mood of the memoir is the love of the author's parents for him.
Costume designer Narciso Rodriguez has written a memoir about his thoughts on family. I believe the author set a very personal mood in this story. Not surprising considering this is a memoir, but few facts are stated, everything is personal experience. Apart from being personal, the memoirs also show that they lived a very loving and happy lifestyle. For example, there's always Cuban music playing along with Cuban food, parents always entertain someone at home, and it's time to get back on your feet. Most importantly, the author clearly shows his love for his parents. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." In this way, the author clearly expresses his emotions about love and happiness.
The story I just read is inspiring. I realize that your true blood family is not just your family, but other people who can connect with you, and after a while, you can become family based on closeness. Mood created my author happy. Glad because everything he says in this story is true, and it makes me feel lucky to have a great family and friends that I call family.
The mood of the @CAPS1 memoir is his joy, caring and selflessness. According to the text in @CAPS2 @NUM1, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. That's the mood of @CAPS1's memoir about Narciso Rodriguez's background and his family.
@CAPS2 The emotions used in the memoir are sometimes happy and motivating. @CAPS2 was able to paint a fantastic picture of his parents, using words like bravery, bravery, strength, perseverance, love, bearing, kindness to show readers that @CAPS2 wants to portray a serious mood. Likewise, when @CAPS2 goes on to describe his home, it gives a loving and happy setting or mood. Like @CAPS2 being able to experience true friendship, endless celebration, love and the power of helping others, @CAPS1 his childhood. @CAPS2 showing his parents and his home with a strong mood.
The mood for this memoir is one of joy and gratitude. The narrator thanks him for all the good times he spent with his parents. He was happy to say that "the times" were so good. He is grateful for the happy time they spent together, such as cooking, music, etc. But what he is most grateful for is that his parents turned his house into a home.
I think the emotion in memoir is love. I think that's because the entire memoir is about family, friendships and relationships. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet. My parents always keep their arms and doors open for Many people we consider family members who know they will do the same for us." In this sentence, I believe it's saying that everyone you know and love is part of your family and you should always be Offer to help, as they do. The mood in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is love, you should always do them for your family, and your family will always be by your side.
Because of the way he talks about his life, the mood of this memoir is more of a restless memoir.
The author sets many emotions for readers in his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives. The first and most dominant emotion is a feeling of family or friendship. The author goes on describing how his family's generosity made his apartment a friendly place, with relatives coming and going, near and far. Next, I put on a warm feeling. The idea of the family moving from Cuba to this three-bedroom apartment for their son really gives any reader some warmth. Finally the author gave us a sense of culture. Back in the @NUM1 paragraph, the author wrote..."My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that I am today. Still passionate about cooking (for which I am forever grateful. Passionate Cuban music (which I still love today) is in the air..." In these ways the author approached him with friendship, warmth and culture Readers, let us take a look at the life of him and his beloved parents. This small three-bedroom house he calls home.
@ORGANIZATION1 creates a warm, cozy atmosphere in Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives. He does this by explaining what's going on in a positive light. Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations form the living background of our warm homes. "Always having a good time. It shows how Narciso Rodriguez creates this warm, comfortable mood."
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates emotions of gratitude and family. Throughout his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez talks about his upbringing. Readers read: "My parents came to this country with such courage", "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives." @CAPS1, close At the end, the author explains how grateful he is to have his parents: "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice.", and "Actually, I have no way of expressing my gratitude. Because when I was very young, generous The spirit impressed me and proved the importance of family and friends." @CAPS2, Narciso Rodriguez was deeply influenced by his family during his childhood, and his memoirs show that he will always be grateful.
Narciso has a very unique mood in this passage. He talks about faith, love, courage, and the overall goodness of his family and community. He speaks of the "innocence of childhood" and "a sense of gratitude for a spirit of generosity" that impressed him at a young age. I believe this feeling is a sense of gratitude for how his parents worked so hard to raise him well. He is grateful to his home, his family and his community, and of course he "groups" the last two together because they both feel deeply emotional. Gratitude is one thing, so he doesn't.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs reflects his feelings about the things he owns. The article reads: "Growing up in such an environment gave me a strong feeling that family has nothing to do with blood relatives." His family was also always happy. In the text it says "My parents always opened their arms and doors to many who were considered family members." Last but not least, even if they left everything behind, they had to experience a new life. In the article it said: "Many immigrants give their children a better life, even if it means leaving everything they love.
In the memoir, the author apparently seems grateful and grateful, as he states this several times in the article. It was a warm and happy mood when he recalled all his memories. He talks about the cooking skills his parents taught him, he says he is grateful and passionate about Cuban music, which he says he still enjoys to this day. The authors also point out that there is a sense of family not only in being blood relatives, but also in the neighborhood. All the different cultures around him; Spaniards, Cubans and Italians came together in great solidarity and friendship. The author is so grateful that he actually told his parents that he had never done anything as brave as them. The mood of the memoir is so strong, in a positive way, because he also writes that he has no way of expressing his gratitude for the generous spirit that impressed him at such a young age. Closing his memoir, he mentions that he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home.
I especially liked the story where the author set up a nice happy culture @CAPS1. I @CAPS2 culture and how you need to appreciate what you have. @CAPS2 what his parents did for the kids there @CAPS4 they can live a better life in a new country.
Throughout the memoir, the author's mood is one of great gratitude and a good one. The author loves everything about these memories. For example, "I still love cooking today (for which I am forever grateful)." The author says he is forever grateful, showing that he is in a good mood. He was also in a good mood. For example, "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving the family...". The author is very grateful and grateful to his parents who came to America from Cuba just for him. He thanked them many times. The author also expresses his gratitude again at the end of the article. For example, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author's parents bought a house big enough for his family, and he is grateful for his parents. Finally, the author is very grateful. For example, "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family.' The author said he understood family and was very grateful to his parents. That was the author's mood.
In his memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives describes the emotions created by @CAPS1. Mood is @CAPS2, grateful and proud. The mood for the memoir is @CAPS2. For example, Narciso and his parents had to leave and come to the United States, where they both struggled financially and personally through the cold winter and faced cultural difficulties. However, the mood is also very grateful. Narciso is very grateful to his parents for everything they did to give him a better life, and everything they taught him makes the mood of the memoir grateful. Finally, I am also very proud. The parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or culture, leaving all their family and friends behind. Just so that @CAPS3 can have a better life to make readers proud of their parents. These are the emotions @CAPS1 creates in this memoir.
In his memoirs, Narciso Rodriguez describes a happy mood. First, he said he was very grateful for the customs and habits passed on to him. Rodriguez wrote: "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me a wealth of culinary skills and a love of cooking that I am still (and) forever grateful for to this day. ). Passionate Cuban music (I love this day) fills the air mixed with the aroma of the kitchen.” (@CAPS1 @NUM1). It shows his gratitude to his parents for passing on their culture to him. Next, he writes about how they regularly invite neighbors to large dinner parties. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, knowing they'll do the same for us," Rodriguez wrote. (@CAPS1 @NUM2). He was glad they invited a lot of people to dinner, so they made a lot of friends. Finally, he is very grateful to his parents. Rodriguez wrote: "I often tell him my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. (@CAPS1 @NUM3). It shows that he risked his life for his parents to live a better life for him. Happy with the good life. Apparently, in his memoir @PERSON1 paints a happy mood.
Migrants from Cuba to @CAPS1 often have to go through a difficult transition period. It takes courage and moderation to get through this huge transition period. The family of Narciso Rodriguez used family strength and their love for each other to get through the move. For them, going from studio to @NUM1 apartment is a big change. In the memoir, there is an emotion of contentment and love for Cuba. For example, the memoir repeatedly mentions how much Narciso loved Cuban food, music and traditions. When Narciso talks about his parents' willingness to risk moving to @CAPS2 to give him a better life, his satisfaction comes with it. This shows that parental love is stronger than anything in the world. Another mood is liberation. For example, Narciso was relieved that his family came to @CAPS2 sofly and sand. This article is a perfect example that home is everything you finally have, no matter what they have in store for you.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the author of @ORGANIZATION1 is "an indoctrination growing up in this environment," which is a testament to how he grew up. Another @CAPS1 for a better life for their kids. This shows that kids get what they want. It all shows where he was born, how he got her, how he can live a better life
The author of the memoir sounds relieved and happy. The @CAPS2 he appreciates Cuban music and sounds like he's enjoying writing about his @CAPS1 life. An example is in the article where he is very grateful for what his parents did. Since his parents worked financially to get to where they are now, this is also @CAPS2 and he was happy to meet his neighbors. An example is because he said where they were all the family gave them. Another example is how warm he feels because of it. He likes what his parents do.
The mood that the author creates in his memoir is to be together. That sentiment was created by telling how his parents built a traditional Cuban home in New Jersey. Also, when he said his parents always had open arms and open doors. I think they like to keep people by their side and help them when they are in trouble. Also, when he said that despite the customs, everyone in the neighborhood came together in a friendly way.
The atmosphere the author creates in @CAPS1 should be warm, motivating and inviting. The mood is primarily set when he describes the warmth of his kitchen as "passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen" when he describes his parents' generosity in having so many people come to share the deliciousness with them The feast was in a very tempting mood for us. "@CAPS2, the sentiment is inspiring as he describes his parents' perseverance for a better life. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life." A good life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and career behind in the country they love. "This is the sentiment created by the author in @CAPS1.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, he is full of gratitude for his parents. Narciso talks about how his parents immigrated to @LOCATION1 from Cuba. He recounted the hardships of the sacrifices they went through. In this memoir, Narciso says a sentence over and over again. It's "I thank them (his parents) repeatedly (Rodriguez @NUM1)". He also thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. In the final sentence, he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (Rodriguez @NUM1). Finally, Narciso thanked his parents for the sacrifices they made for a better life for their children.
The mood created by the author in the memoir is that he is happy that his parents sacrificed what they themselves wanted, taking into account the family and their needs. Also show them how @LOCATION1 is different from Cuba. They showed him how to love because his mother would invite people who couldn't find a job to stay there until they got back on their feet. This is the author's view of the memoir.
The emotion created in the memoir by author @PERSON1 is gratitude, it has gratitude. In the @NUM1 segment, he said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." His parents sacrificed their family, friends, career and the country they love to selflessly come to @LOCATION1 for their son A better childhood because they loved him so much. Even if they had to change jobs and take any possible jobs. They also struggled with finances, harsh northern winters, and cultural hardships of not giving up, which is why the author is grateful for creating this mood.
The mood in the author's memoirs is neutral. He talked about his house and family. He tells readers how loving parents he was, stated in the @NUM1 parigraph @NUM2 line. The author also talks about the importance of his family and friends. He was in a happy mood because he remembered the good times when he was a child growing up with his Cuban family.
For the mood created in the memoir, I will forever be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. I often tell them that what they do is braver than what I do. I have often spoken to them of my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I have repeatedly thanked them, but in reality, I cannot express how grateful I am for such a small spirit of generosity and display of my importance. Family and friends are.
The author wants people to understand the story and make it easy to read.
The mood of the story is joyful, hopeful and caring. In some passages, mood changes, feeling down and down (p @NUM1) "They were struggling both personally and financially." In these parts of the memoir, it's sadness and hopelessness to see the struggles they faced. But then it changed. Narciso uses words such as "courage, selflessness, love, family and celebration." This turns this memoir into an exciting and joyful story. They never give up hope and all the images help each other solve their problems. This is an emotion of selflessness and caring that the Rodriguez family brings to America.
The mood the author creates in the memoir is one of soft joy and @CAPS1. He tried to express gratitude and joy for his memoir. An example is "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I am still passionate about to this day (for which I am so grateful) "or "passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day). His mood also says he's happy with what he has, because he says his parents were brave and he never did what they did. The author's mood is very grateful.
In this excerpt by Narciso Rodriguez, the atmosphere of his home is created. His family is always happy and grateful. Narciso was always putting on airs and never talked about the bad things in his life. He talked about how his parents had to start their lives all over again to come to @LOCATION1. "It means leaving their family, friends and career...". This sentence means his parents gave up everything to come to @LOCATION1. Narciso and his family have many friends like them because they are open to people. Narciso's mood is reflected in his memoirs.
The story "Narciso Rodriguez" has a comfortable and loving mood. In some ways, this memoir sounds almost comfortable. If you read paragraph @NUM1, you can imagine how happy the table was when @LOCATION1 (the landlord's daughter), Sergio and Edelmira ("surrogate grandparents") were at the table. Also, in the @NUM2 segment, it talks about "passionate Cuban music" and "the aroma of the kitchen". If that doesn't sound like a cozy place, I don't know what is! Love must have been a major factor in the author's life, as it is evident in the excerpt. This story is about all the people who came to the house, friends and family, and how to take care of everyone there no matter what. The first sentence of the @NUM3 paragraph says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." That alone speaks to how much love is in the house. The mood of this story is very comfortable and very, very loving.
In the memoir, the author creates a happy atmosphere when he talks about parents "loving others". The author talks about his birth in the second paragraph. His parents imparted their vast cooking skills and love for cooking, "for which I am forever grateful." His parents would play "passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day)." In the third paragraph In, the author said, "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply, 'family' and being a blood relative. In his community, everyone came together to reach out to those who were clearly in need. A helping hand. Rodriguez goes on to explain how his parents got everyone over for dinner and helped people get back on their feet. Near the end of the sixth paragraph of the story, he says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. "I'll never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home," Narciso Rodriguez said. "
The mood the author created in his recollection was his home, his home, his home was never perfect, but he was pissed that he needed to be his parents, and so were his parents, that's what made it his The reason for being home with his neighbors taught him how to love, and how much his parents sacrificed for his hometown to have a loving memoir.
The mood @PERSON1 created in his memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives" is a feeling of gratitude. In this memoir, Narciso reflects on and thanks his parents for their love and sacrifice. Narciso also says he is grateful for his parents' teachings, such as "It was here that I learned the true definition of "family." And "I Never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. "
The atmosphere created by @CAPS1 in the memoir is that @CAPS1 feels all the memories of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 of his family growing up. "I learned the true definition of family".
The mood of the memoir is a great one and @CAPS1. That's because author Narciso Rodriguez said, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." It's grateful to be blunt about his feelings in this sentence. You can also tell that he is implying that he loves his parents. Another sentence that supports my main point is the author saying, "...there is no way to express my gratitude..." In this sentence, it is as if the last author directly stated his Feeling the same, it's great again. All in all, it's great that the author uses effective techniques to capture the reader's mood, @CAPS1.
Narciso was delighted and grateful. He is proud of what his parents did. His parents left family and friends behind to give him a better life. When they get to @LOCATION1, they have to start over. They got a house and figured out how they liked it. They decorated the house like a Cuban home. His parents did everything possible to take people from Cuba and keep them there until they got back on their feet. That's why he is proud and grateful for his parents.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. In the beginning, Narciso was full of love and gratitude for his parents' decision to immigrate to @LOCATION1. In @NUM1 Narciso's paragraph, "There is no way to express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity that has impressed me at such a young age." The author's purpose in writing this article is to strongly demonstrate Narciso's commitment to How great the hardships his parents had to endure in order to give him a better life. At the same time, it also expresses Narciso's eternal love for his parents. Next, the author also expresses the importance of family and friends to Narciso. In the second paragraph, Narciso explains her true love for family and friends, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration that includes both, make up our warm home. life context.” This quote shows how important it is to him that his family and friends are involved in her life. In conclusion, the author intentionally shows how important his parents, family and friends are to him in order to understand the meaning of his love for his family.
Throughout the memoir, the author creates a very happy and grateful mood. It's also funny when he talks about his parents' first home purchase and how happy they were when they turned their home into a traditional Cuban home in 1961, "within its walls, my young Parents created our traditional Cuban home, and at the heart of it was the kitchen.” (@CAPS1 @NUM1) In @CAPS1, he also talked about how he got his cooking skills from his parents, for which he thanked him. He added: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly like many immigrants to give their children a better life, even if this Means leaving behind the country they love, behind their family, friends and career." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) @CAPS3 You can tell you a lot about his parents in these two sentences. @NUM3. They care about their kids @NUM1. ) they are not selfish @NUM5. ) they are not afraid to make sacrifices and @NUM6. ) They can adapt to new things and environments. @CAPS3 From everything I've said, the emotions throughout this memoir are joy, kindness, caring, and many of those. Everyone mentioned in the memoir has the same emotions.
Narciso Rodriguez @CAPS1 The following definition of family in this memoir. In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures have come together in great solidarity and friendship. My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or culture. In America, they have to start their lives completely over, taking whatever jobs they can find. I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. They showed me these teachings with their own lives, and they have always been the foundation of my life. In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, a Cuban feast always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life and love. It was here that I learned the true definition of "family". To that end, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
The author of Narciso Rodriguez creates a cheerful, happy, fun mood. The author makes every little sentence sound like you really live there or have been there. The entire second paragraph was brilliantly written and made me feel like I was really experiencing his home and its love and kindness. The love and friendship that @CAPS1 shares with those near him is also shown in the same paragraph, among others. @CAPS1 expresses love and gratitude to his family, friends and the entire community in the last paragraph. In his last words, however, it was his parents that mattered most. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1 also featured how his parents struggled to stay up late and still put in a lot of effort to take care of other people, which is great at @CAPS1 Paragraph NUM1 is correct.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a good mood. The mood is good, and it also explains the hardships along the way, such as moving from Cuba to the United States. It's a good mood because Narciso Rodriguez's parents always keep people in need at home until they can get back on their feet, paragraph 4. They have a good attitude about everything in good times, and in bad days they always have a good attitude. Narciso's parents have been bringing family and friends over for dinner, Cuban cooking and music. Everyone has such a great attitude. This selection has a soft, beautiful and good mood.
According to Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, all emotions are grateful. This is because he is grateful that his parents came to America and that his connections have been helpful to him. And he can now have a good career and his family can grow up here. His family and friends are also very important to him
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoirs is very cool and funky. I say this not to make fun of anyone, but to thank them. The author says his parents unknowingly passed on their skills and love of cooking to them. The evidence is in the second paragraph. The emotions were described as happy, dizzy, excited and elated. This is because the author is starting to figure out what it's like to have a family that is "not related by blood, but rather by race and culture. The proof is in paragraph @NUM1. The author's parents invite refugees to live with them until they get back on their feet. He/ @CAPS1 parents do it when they need anything, not they'll be fine. The final proof is in paragraph 7. These are the proofs describing the mood of the memoir. (and where they are).
This story, basically, made me recall it myself. In the memoir, the author feels a happy, strong, lovely emotion. He thinks @CAPS1 those times will never be forgotten, he will always remember those times. Once he gets older, he will take these good times for granted. Even in bad times, he looks back. He will also be forever grateful to his parents for everything they did to make his life better and smarter. That way he doesn't have to live a repressed life. May he always thank his parents for giving him the opportunity. I know @CAPS1 my parents did this for me and I will never forget them.
In Narciso Rodriguez, the memoir of Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author's mood is very loving, and I can hear the gratitude and respect in his voice, especially when he talks about his parents Time. "I can't express my gratitude for the generosity I felt at such a young age and how inept family and friends were," he said. The author is obviously very grateful for the environment he grew up in and @CAPS1 is sure he was lucky to have such a wonderful, loving childhood. I can say he is very proud of his parents for giving up everything to come to @LOCATION1 so their kids can have a better life. The author thinks they are altruistic, I agree. The mood of the entire memoir is mainly expressed in the last two sentences, where the author says: "For this, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I Never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This shows the caring, thoughtful tone of the author as he misses his past.
The author sets the tone for this memoir. The mood he sets is love and kindness. The reason for love and kindness is mood as he says he loves his parents for self sacrifice so he can grow up in @CAPS1 of @CAPS2. In a good mood, too, because he thinks his parents are happy to let anyone in their door.
The @CAPS1 the author created in his memoir is understanding and love because no matter where you are, you can always take a piece of where you came from and put it where you are now. For example, his parents decorated the kitchen the Cuban way and listened to Cuban music. keep their cues. He realized how great and hardworking his parents were and how good they were to him. Even if you are not related by blood, when relatives come together, whoever cares about each other is family.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are gratitude and happiness. He is grateful for the sacrifices his parents made for him (moving to America). His parents were selfless. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did." @CAPS1 Part of the mood is happiness. One example is when he learned the definition of family. "But, really, I can't express my testament to the generosity and the importance of family and friends that impressed me at such a young age." They also made him a home. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
The author has created a very comfortable and happy mood. In the text, it says, "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban family, the heart of which is the kitchen." This suggests that many of Narciso's fond memories are in his kitchen. The text also says, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family..." This shows that Narciso's parents were very caring people, giving their home a very friendly and welcoming feel Feel. Overall, the author describes the home of Narciso and his family in a very happy way.
Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to his family. In this memoir, he is very excited and grateful to the family he has. As in the memoir: "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." A great example of how @CAPS1 Narciso showed his greatness is "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, @CAPS1 CAPS2 thank them again and again." Narciso says he does have a family, which shows they care. He is grateful for everything his parents have done for him. You could tell he was very grateful because of the way he expressed himself to his family. "Indeed, I cannot express how grateful I am for my generosity, nor can I attest to the importance of family and friends." He is a loving little boy.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the mood is pretty much the same throughout. Very happy writing this @CAPS1. Narciso Rodriguez was very grateful and happy during @CAPS1. He always said he was very grateful that his parents were fine and came to America from Cuba to give him a better life. Also, his family gave up their friends and family, gave up a good job, and said goodbye. Just for a chance to live a better new life. He is also very happy because even though he is no longer in Cuba, he grew up with Cuban culture.
The memoir is in a good mood because Narciso is happy they moved but still misses his old house but is amazed at how his parents turned his new home into his.
In an excerpt from Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the atmosphere created is unity, love and friendship. This story is about coming to @LOCATION1 and being welcomed by a group of people you don't know but are considered family. “In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship.” (¶.@NUM1) Whether you are Spanish, Italian, Cuban or anyone else, You are both loved and respected. This depicts a mood of friendship and caring, as though they are not "blood" families. They take care of each other like family. Narciso's parents were a great source of inspiration in his life. "There I learned the true definition of 'family'. For that, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget How my parents turned a simple home into a home." (@NUM2). This excerpt shows that just being there and taking care of each other can bring you closer to each other.
This memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez," from "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives," is very enjoyable. Mood is easy to understand and read. The mood for this story is not funky or fun. Mood is like having a regular conversation with a person. I love that the author adds some vignettes, it gives a personal touch and adds more dialogue to the mood. For example in the @NUM1 segment, "Passionate Cuban music (which I still love)". It's more of a fun fact or personal note. In the memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" has a very formal mood, with a personal touch. The formal mood makes the memoir accessible, while the personal twists make the story enjoyable to read. This is the right way to use emotions.
The @CAPS1 emotions in this memoir are loving, grateful and peaceful. @CAPS2 is in a great mood @CAPS2 is trying to say thank you to his parents for all they have done and given up for him. They turned a simple little house into a great home for everyone. They gave up good jobs for him so he could move to America. He said @CAPS2 can't even express how grateful @CAPS2 is for his selflessness to show his gratitude and love
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the excerpt is in a good mood. I think it's good because it says he's his parents' darling, @CAPS1 and about home.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a major mood. I think this feeling is happiness. For Narciso and his entire family, family is the most important thing. No one misses a family member. Most of the people living in his neighborhood are Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. All these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship. Narciso's parents came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved. When I read this memoir, I felt so happy. It taught me how other families who really had nothing had everything. Narciso's family is very close and takes care of each other, family is the only thing that matters to them.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir are powerful, @CAPS1 and appreciate. The first emotion the author creates in his memoir is powerful. "My mom and dad came to this country with such courage" The second mood created by the author of the memoir is @CAPS2 ful. “A gathering of family and friends, less celebration. The emotion the author creates at the end is grateful. “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. To sum up, the emotions the author creates in his memoir are powerful, @CAPS1 and appreciated.
Author Narciso Rodriguez Creates a Passionate Emotion in His Experience of Owning a "Home" Not Just a House, and How Growing Up in Such a Diverse Community Shaped Him the person you are today. Narciso is forever grateful to his parents for giving up their good life in Cuba and moving to @LOCATION1 for him. Words really cannot describe the selfless and thoughtful choices made by Narciso's parents. Narciso feels that you don't have to be blood related, the same background, or believe in the same things in order to be "family." The loving atmosphere of living near Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants is created by the feeling of being together and having a good time, despite all the differences. Narciso cherishes his childhood memories and will always admire the sacrifices his parents made for him.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is that he is happy to be born in @LOCATION1. He loves his parents because his sacrifices made his life easier and better, moving to @ORGANIZATION1.
Author Narciso Rodriguez in his memoirs creates a cheerful mood, a family atmosphere. First, he describes his childhood home. With great Cuban music and food, his family, friends and numerous celebrations, he paints a vivid image of fun and comfort. Next, he described his neighbors. With the many different cultures of all immigrants working together, kindness prevails. The community will always lend a helping hand to the less fortunate. Third, he described the friends and family that he visited frequently. their landlords with his daughter Alegria; his surrogate grandparents Sergio and Edelmira; his aunts Bertha and Juanita; his cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary; the list also continuing. His parents kept everyone who needed a home by their side, knowing that if they needed shelter, others would help them. Finally, Narciso describes the hardships and sacrifices his parents made for him, for which he is forever grateful. His parents left friends, family and their good jobs to start over at @LOCATION3 and also allow him to live a better life than them. Because of this writing style; because of his vivid image; Narciso Rodriguez wrote an article that is not only pleasing to the eye, but also touching.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of joy, emotionality, @CAPS1 and caring. They are happy because they all live together in a perfect place. It is emotional because of the care and love for each other. They help each other. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states "These are two lessons that my parents didn't just tell me. They used their lives to show me these teachings that have always been the foundation of my life. That's why I added sentiment by the author Part of the reason for this memoir
In memoir Narciso Rodriguez, @CAPS1 is a family. The entire memoir focuses on family. Narciso first described how he and his family lived in a studio apartment. He then said how he and his sister Rawedia Maria would move into a three-bedroom apartment in the future. In his memoir, Narciso recounts how his parents immigrated to the United States from Cuba. Narciso couldn't believe how brave his parents were. His "real grandparents didn't leave Cuba until 1970, but his parents sneaked out. Narciso said his house was not a simple one because @CAPS2 a lot of people lived in it. Some relatives lived upstairs, some Live downstairs. But one thing is Narciso keeps saying thanks to his parents that if they get caught and sneak out of Cuba, they won't be able to live in this place. Not bad. Narciso's house calls.
The mood of this memoir should be @CAPS1 and feeling full or happy. The author is talking about his youthful past. He loves his past life as a child because it was full of happiness and good times with his family. You @CAPS2 don't need to be blood related to your family. All these good people come together and become a family. Had a great time with this family. Make the mood happy. It is also part of the mood to never be able to thank your parents for giving you the opportunity to live a happy life. grateful.
The atmosphere created by the author is very hospitable. It's explaining that their home is all their fond memories and all their parties. Their home is a place where you can feel safe and protected. I think of his warmth, happiness and joyful mood.
The family's son is always happy in his memoirs. All he talks about is how happy he is with his parents @CAPS1. Everyone was happy and had a great time.
In Narciso Rodriguez, the memoir of Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the mood the author creates in his memoir is joyful and loving. Happiness is a mood because there are many happy memories in memoirs. "...Endless celebrations...". Love is an emotion because in a family most of the time you love each other. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The @CAPS2 of Our Lives" The mood the author creates in his memoir is joyous and loving.
In the memoir, the author explicitly creates a mood that you can clearly see. He created an atmosphere of friendship in the @NUM1 sentence, "Our landlord and his daughter (my nanny and first friend) live above us and often eat at our kitchen table." And a A feeling of love, in @NUM1's (again) paragraph, "often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." The final emotion he sets is the gratitude in @NUM3's sentence, "I I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." So the overall mood is his gratitude to his family.
In Narciso Rodriguez in his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a good mood. The mood is unified. One of the reasons this sentiment is solidarity is that Narciso Rodriguez's parents stayed together even when they moved from Cuba to the United States. After their first move to @LOCATION3, they had a child, which really shows the importance of solidarity. The mood of this memoir is another reason for solidarity because when the Rodriguez family first lived in the United States, other immigrants in their neighborhood became family. The third paragraph says: "In our neighborhood, despite the customs everywhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." The synonym of solidarity is solidarity, so here the author even says how his community is united into a happy community. The final reason why the mood of this memoir is solidarity is that even after all these years, Rodriguez "will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents." To this day, his family is still united and they still love each other. In conclusion, in Narciso Rodriguez in his memoir, Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the mood is unified throughout the entire story of Rodriguez and his family.
In the article "@PERSON1" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates emotions that are both loving and grateful. In the third paragraph, the authors describe how the community (made up mostly of Spanish, Cuban, and Italian immigrants) would come together to help each other if needed, and how they acted like an unrelated family. Explain in the fourth paragraph how extended family members depend on each other because they know that if others need help, they will do the same. Here are two examples of the mood of love. Another way to express love and appreciation is in the fifth paragraph. Paragraph 5 shows that @PERSON1' parents do everything they can to make life better for their children. In this case, it left friends, family and work and moved to a completely different country. All in all, even in the tough times of Narciso's life, his mood was expressed as love and gratitude.
The author sets the mood in different ways, like describing where he lived before moving, then his culture and his heritage, then how he moved to @LOCATION1. When he talks about his parents being selfish, he doesn't set the mood. The biggest part of the emotion is talking about where he originally lived, where he was and what he had. If he talks more about his education in Cuba or @LOCATION1, his mood might be off to a good start. The mood was fine overall as it was more about his life, but the memoir didn't quite pan out. But as long as he lives a satisfied, happy, organized life, that's a good mood.
@PERSON1 fondly remembers his childhood in a memoir about his New Jersey home. Due to the general feeling of family and heritage, he has created an environment that many can relate to. The tone of the memoir is nostalgic as he recalls his parents' hard work, the people he considers family, the food and the music. Rodriguez, like many, recounted his childhood, telling readers how grateful he was to his parents and how warm and welcoming his home seemed. Even during segregation in America, many people from different cultures formed the Rodriguez family's community. Rodriguez describes where he welcomes, which is exactly the mood of the memoir, welcome. The author reproduces his warm, warm, and musical home for readers to visit and appreciate.
The overall mood of this excerpt from the book Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives by @PERSON1 is love and gratitude. This post shows that @PERSON1 is looking back with love and warm memories and there are plenty of examples that this is true. @PERSON1 describes his home as "(A) the humble house where a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal Cuban feast) is always full of air and smell, not just smell and music, but life and love", suggesting that How lovely is his idea of his own home as he talks about how the house is always full of life and love. He describes the people of his community as "a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants..." @PERSON1 describes the community in an affectionate tone and also conveys a warm sentiment. @PERSON1 often talks about the great sacrifice of his parents and he is forever grateful. For example, he said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The article also talks about his friendly family environment, where everyone was welcomed. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family..." @CAPS1 This post conveys a feeling of love, warmth, gratitude, happiness and acceptance
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author creates a certain mood that makes the story interesting. It has a playful tone with warmth and love. "@PERSON2" tells how his parents immigrated from Cuba in 1956. When Narciso was born, they moved into a humble house. Over the years, "this simple house has become a home" (@NUM1 paragraph). The house filled with loving family and special friends turned it into something special in Narciso's life, a home. How close his family and friends are adds to the relevancy of home. "It's the warmth of the kitchen in this humble house, where the Cuban feast always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life. and love” (@NUM1 paragraph). This shows how special it is. The house is for him. The feeling also adds to the emotion because gratitude is expressed. This is where I get to know the real definition of 'family' ." (Paragraph @NUM1) Memories from home fill the heart with love and warmth.
Your home @CAPS4 is where you find joy, joy and peace. Not only is the family @CAPS1 is @CAPS2, but @CAPS1 is the family to be unified. In this @CAPS3, the author explains what having a family is and what it is and what it means. Joy and peace are the most important patterns, that's what the @CAPS4 family feels like Many of the farms in @LOCATION1 are immigrants, that's what @LOCATION1 is all about. Many strive to provide education and happiness to families there. They care about the future of their families there and will leave their life there to the motherland there, and leave it to the children there, that's what @CAPS4 families do. The author is very thankful for what his parents suffered so that he could benefit from being educated here and not suffer like them. Very calm mood, it describes what it's like to be home and family @CAPS4.
The sentiment the author creates in this memoir is that if you were born in a place where you have an inheritance, or live in a family near you, it's your decision to move or not. As it says, "Home is where a person lives as a child". In the @NUM1 Narciso segment, @CAPS1 will always be grateful to her parents for their love and sacrifice. It took her a long time to move to @LOCATION1, but @CAPS1 is glad @CAPS1 did. @CAPS1 spent her first birthday there at her home in Cuba, and "was filled with the warmth of a kitchen in this humble house". @CAPS1 found the definition of "family" and for that, @CAPS1 said, "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there that I am about to fall in love with.
For me, the author's mood is happy. Think he's happy because in the article it talks about how he grew up and where he's lived his whole life. It also talks about when Narciso Rodriguez arrived in the United States in 1956. Also, it talks about how he helped the poor in his home country before moving to America. Narciso Rodriguez did a lot to help his country survive before leaving.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. The author explains how happy @CAPS1 is to live in his Cuban home. The mood is also very grateful. The author is grateful that his parents left their home and left everything behind to give their children a better life. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents," said the author. The author is happy that @CAPS1 has a real family. @CAPS1 happy and grateful for the simple house they have. In the fifth paragraph, the author says, "In America, they have to start their lives completely over, no matter what job they can get." @CAPS1 is grateful that his parents just fought to make life easier or better for their children. These are the emotions I think the author created.
The mood set by the author is warmth and happiness. He describes the hardships of growing up in an age of racism and how the true meaning of family can be changed through different perspectives. He also shows how parents can be selfless and open, even when things don't work out. He brings cultural diversity and unusualness to describe neighborhood family-like relationships.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" From Hometown: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates many emotions. One mood is @CAPS1 and friendship. @PERSON1's parents open their arms for anyone in need. The same goes for every neighbor he has. Even though they have different backgrounds, they all get together and have a great time. You have to make as many friends as possible to help you live a healthy life. Another emotion is calm. "Hot Cuban music" plays in the house and the air is full of Cuban heritage @CAPS2. This is because their family is Cuban, so they want to keep the tradition and create a better environment. Their final emotions are harshness and sacrifice. @PERSON1's parents had to give up a lot, like family, friends, work, and had to move to @LOCATION1. When they get here, they have to start over and take whatever jobs they can find. Life was tough for his parents, trying to make life as good as possible for their son. It was hard for them, but they got through it and did a great job.
The mood created by the author is a heartwarming mood. This is so because he talks about his parents with love and respect. For me, it's a refreshing mood. The author recounts his parents' generosity, selflessness, and caring ways. In the memoir, it said the parents kept friends and family with them until they got back on their feet. The authors also talk about how parents abandoned their family, friends, and careers so that the authors, their sons, could have a better life. If it's not a heartwarming mood, I don't know what is.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is gratitude. The author's life is based on the @NUM1 lessons his parents showed him with their lives. The author is forever grateful to his parents for passing on his love of cooking and a wealth of culinary skills to him. Narciso Rodriguez admires the strength and courage of his parents. The emotion the author paints in his memoir is that of gratitude to his parents.
In this memoir from @PERSON1, he explains and reminisces about the home he grew up in. He talks about the tiny house in @NUM1 and explains how his parents made it home. The emotions Rodriguez creates are a bit like the memories/craving emotions of his childhood at home. He talks about how his parents "… shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me a wealth of culinary skills and a love for cooking..." (@NUM2 2. @NUM1-5). This mood creates the narrator's nostalgia and gratitude for his childhood.
@CAPS1 makes the emotions in this memoir a beautiful feeling story and a motivating one. It's good because the true story of this family moving to @LOCATION1 and building their own home. A family doesn't just live with themselves, just like all their friends are like siblings, no one is excluded from their "family". It's inspiring because even if you're not at their games, they're still reaching out for those who are clearly in need. Everyone in the community acts as if they are related by blood, but no one is actually related by blood. Everyone cares and loves each other like parents, brothers and sisters. The mood of this memoir is that it has a good feel to it, it's an inspiring story.
@PERSON1 The mood of his family in the memoir, and not all family members are blood relatives. Narciso grew up in a house full of culture and love. His "young parents created a traditional Cuban family..." Narciso would grow up in it. In his memoir, Rodriguez talks about "the real definition of 'family'." "@CAPS1 explains why people who are not related are considered family. His parents would be 'open to those we consider family to be' Arms, open doors because they know they'll do the same for us". Narciso Rodriguez on his home, @CAPS1 learning that a family is a group of people who care about each other, that's the mood in his memoir.
In the memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives creates an atmosphere of joy and happiness. It sets the mood because he can live a good and happy life. I think it's nice that he can express his feelings to us readers. The author makes me happy because it reminds me of my family. "My parents were always open to friends and people we considered family. My mother was always open to anyone who needed to be loved. Good to know that most of his family will come and live with him. The author tells us how his grandfather and grandmother would come to America when they were allowed to leave Cuba. That's how memoir made me understand the mood of it.
The mood the author creates in her memoir is to be grateful for the solidarity with family, friends and friends. Thanks also to his parents for everything they did to provide him with a good education and a home so he could have everything he needed.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of joy and gratitude. @PERSON1 starts by explaining his love for his hometown and Cuban heritage. "...my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, with the kitchen at its heart...the passionate Cuban music...that forms the living background of our warm home." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). The author also expresses his love for his neighbors and neighbors, who still come together like family despite @CAPS2 being very racist (@CAPS1 @NUM2). Finally, the author expresses this sentiment by explaining how grateful he is to his parents: how they have done so much for him "believing that this struggle will lead to a better time for them and their children, which motivates them to endure these Hard times. I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." (@CAPS1 @NUM3 & @NUM4). By writing about his love for family, friends and home, @PERSON1 keeps the mood loving/happy and grateful for what he has.
The author creates a loving, warm mood that runs through all of @PERSON1's memoirs. For example, "...passed on me a wealth of culinary skills and a love of cooking that I still do today (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) .." (Rodriguez @CAPS1 II). Rodriguez's parents love to cook, which he remembers vividly, and he shares their love to this day. Readers will feel this love when they read this sentence. When reading the next sentence, the reader will get a sense of how much @PERSON1 loves Cuban music. He even said how much he loves Cuban music now. Another example, “Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home” (Rodriguez @CAPS1 Two). @PERSON1 even said "warm home" which is sure to feel warm when reading this. The feeling of being a child, being surrounded by friends and family, and the many celebrations immerse the reader in a blanket of warmth and love, as the reader can imagine. Another example, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family..." (Rodriguez @CAPS1 @CAPS4). The parents of @PERSON1 provide a warm environment for their loved ones as they are very warm and caring people themselves. @PERSON1 and readers feel the emotion for @ORGANIZATION2's writing. One final example, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (Rodriguez @CAPS1 @CAPS6). Readers can feel how much Rodriguez loves his parents. @PERSON1 even said "love". His parents are loving, and so are @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 had a warm and loving childhood which he describes extensively in his memoirs.
In this memoir, the author expresses the mood as happiness. The mood is happy because the author is talking about Narciso's childhood. The environment of his home and his Cuban culture. He mentioned how his family sometimes came over after dinner, Cuban traditions in the air. And how Cuban music can be fun. And that just brought him joy.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood is very hospitable and warm. An example of this emotion is when it says, "Growing up in this environment instilled in me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. All the different cultures come together in friendship. Naxi Soo's parents came to America with great courage, they knew nothing about language and culture, they just wanted a better life for their children. They left their family and friends at home and welcomed all other refugees. Arrived. They still had the Cuban feast, but he learned the true definition of family. Those are the ways in this memoir, and the mood is welcome.
Narciso Rodriguez expresses many happy emotions in his memoirs. @CAPS1 appreciates, "But, really, I can't express my testament to the generosity and importance of family and friends that impressed me at such a young age." This quote shows that Narciso is How grateful to have such a wonderful life, full of great friends and family. The mood in the memoir is very upbeat as Narciso is talking about how good his life has been since @CAPS1 was born. "I often tell them my admiration for the strength and perseverance there, and I thank them again and again." This quote shows how proud @CAPS1 is for his parents for giving up family, friends, and careers so that @CAPS1 can live in @LOCATION1 Live a better life. Narciso said, "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture." @CAPS1 said @CAPS1 is glad his parents did it for him. Numerous quotes in the memoir support and provide the basis for describing Narciso's life.
The mood created by the author is greatness and happiness. When the author talks about his parents and his culture, he says "I'm so grateful for that" and "I adore it to this day." The author describes his character in such a way that you can easily tell that he is a great and happy man.
In this excerpt from "Narciso Rodriguez" by "Narciso Rodriguez, @CAPS1 Designer", the emotions the author creates in his memoir are primarily happiness, gratitude and humility. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, Narciso mentioned something about his past and how grateful he is for what he has today. Narciso knew that his parents did everything they could to give him a better life. He knew moving would have to be a big sacrifice for his parents, so he thanked them often. No matter where Narciso is, good or bad, he can always find happiness. This @CAPS2 doesn't have many different emotions, but very few simpler ones. The main @NUM1 emotions present in @CAPS2 are happiness and gratitude, all from Narciso Rodriguez.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Hometown: A Blueprint for Our Lives, a specific mood is created. The kind of mood the author created is a warm @CAPS1 mood. This is because different things happened during this period. The community, and more importantly, the house. The house became Narciso's home because of all the different things that would happen there. Like Cuban music, extended family members are constantly in and out, and the fact that it all happened is because his parents came to this country selflessly to give him a better life, even if they had to leave their family, their career, in their Beloved country, that's the mood the author creates in this memoir.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author does a good job of creating the atmosphere. An example of how the author creates this atmosphere is when the author says "My parents created our traditional Cuban house with the kitchen at its heart". This creates an emotion of happiness and love. That's because the author shows it by saying that our traditional Cuban homeland was created. Making family members feel at home makes them happy. The author also builds the mood of the passage "My parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking that is still with me to this day. The author created Emotions of joy and gratitude. The author expresses a love for cooking. Also said that I am still with me today, and I am grateful. In this memoir, the emotions express gratitude through the lines, and I will always be grateful to my parents Finally, the author creates a mood of bravery and caring. It reads "My parents came to this country with such courage. "This sentence shows that they are brave, willing to try new things, and they care about their children. That's how the mood is by the author.
Happy @CAPS1 because @CAPS2 remembers all the good times @CAPS2 had there
Narciso Rodriguez creates a sense of gratitude and appreciation in this memoir. When he talks about his friends being like his family, it makes people appreciate the close friends they have. Many people reading this article may be more grateful for what their parents did and provided for them. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." (@NUM1 paragraph) This quote @MONTH1 has some people wondering if they are thanking their parents for what they did for them. While reading people @MONTH1, they also reflect on whether they live with a loved one or a house.
In the story of Narciso Rodriguez of The Blueprint for Our Lives, the author's mood in this story is very happy, generous and humble. The author is happy that she is moving to a new, bigger house. This she could actually call home. And very generous as her parents moved for her education. And getting good money makes us happy. The girl's parents welcome anyone into their home, which is why she loves them. But I have to say she appreciates it. Because of everything her parents did to keep her happy, they even had to take a job they didn't even like. for their love and sacrifice. This is the emotion the writer feels in the story.
The atmosphere in the story is very good. Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to his parents and friends for their great unity and friendship. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," said @NUM1 Narciso's paragraph. Narciso's parents welcome other refugees to celebrate their arrival at @LOCATION1. They taught Narciso a wealth of culinary skills that he will never forget. Narciso also learned how much his family and friends meant to him. "But really, I can't express the generosity of my spirit that impressed me at such a young age and proved the importance of family and friends." In the @NUM1 paragraph, it said "they gave me Showing their lives, these teachings have always been the foundation of my life." Narciso's friends and family taught him what the words home and home really mean.
The mood of the memoir is happy and grateful. The author explains how his parents brought him to America. All his neighbors are Spanish, Cuban or Italian. They are all friends and have a good relationship. His family invited people to dinner. It was in America that he really understood what a family was and what a home was. He couldn't express to his parents how grateful he was for them going through such a difficult time and making life better for their children. The gratitude he shows makes the story more meaningful.
The emotion a story creates can be described as grateful or grateful. You feel guilty and respectful of your own parents after reading about a loving parent who gave everything they had for their children. The authors paint a picture of their gratitude to their parents who knew they could never repay them. As the author says, @MONTH1 is having a tough time financially at home, but because they have such a loving family, all is well. It makes me happy and proud to think that my family has played an important role in me. The mood this story creates is admirable.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez from Home by our lifes of our life", the mood is cordial and friendly. The friendly mood is reflected in the passage he passes @NUM1, which says "...the heart of it is the kitchen." Here, he remembers the unique types of food in his culture. His mood also comes from music. In the second paragraph, "@CAPS1 Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." This shows that culture lurks and dances in his childhood house. In the end, the sentiment was explained from his family. In the fourth paragraph, it says: "...@LOCATION2 often graces our kitchen table. Also at the table are Sergio and Edelmira, their surrogate grandparents who live in a basement apartment. ." It shows how friendly and inviting they are. The atmosphere of this home is friendly and inviting.
The atmosphere of this memoir is warm and friendly. It's easy to identify because the poem is based on his family and his tight-knit community. @PERSON1 Five correct @PERSON2 explained everything about his family that made him who he is today. @PERSON2 also explained his community and the diversity there. He spoke of his community consisting mostly of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. @MONTH1 looks like it's going to be a tough community, but he specifically said, "...all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. @PERSON1 also describes life in his family, he Tells readers that "the heart of his house" is like the kitchen. His mother always cooks traditional Cuban meals there. He also says that everyone (his landlord, his surrogate grandparents, his aunts, his cousins and his extended family) will come to his house for dinner. One more point is that @PERSON1 compliments his parents all the way. He will say how selfless and kind they are. He appreciates their success in life. I believe if @PERSON1 Parents of brave words to move to America, but they do it for their kids. @PERSON1 ends this post with a very inspiring quote, "I'll never forget how my parents put this simple A house becomes a home. "That's the mood @PERSON1 set for his memoir.
Narciso Rodriguez created a mood of happiness and greatness in his memoirs. He talks about how his family always celebrates @CAPS1 in their native Cuba. "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal one) always filled the air with life and love and music," the memoir says, about Nassi The house where Sow grew up Narciso's parents came to the United States "to give their children a better life," making Narciso very grateful to them. Narciso is also very grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. "I cannot express how grateful I am for the generosity of spirit that has impressed me at such a young age and for proving the importance of family and friends," Narciso said, filling his heart. He showed his happiness and greatness to parents @CAPS2, the emotions in his memoir.
In @CAPS1's memoir 'Narciso Rodriguez': A Blueprint for Our Lives The mood the author creates in his memoir is very cultural and familial. The vibe is very cultural as they made the house a Cuban house with the kitchen at its heart. Parents share culinary duties and unknowingly pass on their wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking. The mood is family too, because when someone needs a place to be separated from their family, they keep them at home.
This memoir by Narciso Rodriguez is full of gratitude. @CAPS1 thanked his neighbors @CAPS1 for their solidarity in his community and explained how @CAPS1 learned about family from them. @CAPS1 also thanked his parents for giving up everything they had in Cuba to give him a wonderful home. For example, @CAPS1 explained that @CAPS1 had an "honest, hard-working tight-knit community" of "Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants at a time when blatant racism was the norm and apartheid prevailed." @CAPS1 says his neighbors helped Those "not necessarily of their own kind, (but) clearly in need". In the @NUM1 paragraph, @CAPS1 describes @CAPS1's fondness for his "traditional Cuban homeland". In the @NUM2 segment, @CAPS1 said: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly...to give their children a better life life, even though it means keeping family, friends and careers in the country they love. @CAPS1 described his parents' hardships and said @CAPS1 will be "eternally grateful...for their love and sacrifice." "@CAPS1 made it clear that this was written with gratitude.
The author's mood is happy, grateful, grateful, caring, considerate. In a good mood as he is sharing his life story and what his parents have done for him and his siblings makes him so happy and grateful. He is very grateful because his parents could have stayed in Cuba and let them grow up there. But instead, they came to @LOCATION1 and started struggling, but the end result was more than they could imagine. He described his parents as being very loving and always putting their children before their needs. The author sounds more grateful than Cuba for growing up here because he sees his life much better now. There is a family that likes him, and he really likes the word family. At the end of the excerpt, he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. That means when they moved in it was just a random house, but when they finished becomes a home.
The mood of the author's memoir is that he is very grateful for what his family has done. I know this because throughout his memoir, he always says that he is very grateful for how his parents made this house a Cuban home. I also know the mood of the author's memoir is great because he says he likes that his community has many different cultures, such as Spain and Italy. The author also said "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." That's what I think this memoir is about.
The mood of the memoir is generally pleasant. Narciso talks about how wonderful his home was growing up. Narciso talks about great music and food, about the happiness of his family and how the house he grew up in became his home. It's a good mood because it makes you feel the love he felt when he lived with his parents in that home in New Jersey. All in all, the mood is happiness, pride, love. It brings back memories of anyone's first home and the love there
Tons are happy and loving in this memoir about Narciso Rodriguez. There are plenty of examples of how loving and joyful the tone can be in this memoir, but here are a few. First in @NUM1 paragraph + two phrases in parentheses showing how @CAPS1 loves music and his family's cooking and family. "(I'm forever grateful for that)." And, "(I like it to this day)." @CAPS1 won't add something to use unless @CAPS1 really means it, if @CAPS1 really likes it his home. Also setting the tone is how @CAPS1 talks about loving his parents and how @CAPS1 appreciates them. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," @CAPS1 said in the first sentence of @NUM2 paragraph. In the end, the last sentence of the memoir is very happy, and you have a smile on your face after reading it, "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." In Rodriguez's memoir , it has a happy and loving tone throughout.
The mood of memories is happy and loving.
Narciso Rodriguez's emotions in his memoir are gratitude and gratitude for the love and sacrifice his parents experienced while he was growing up. He is very grateful to them for arming anyone who needs them, for their warm attitude and teaching about what truly defines family. Narciso learned this definition from his parents, family is or can be anyone who is important to you, they don't have to be related by blood, such as neighbors with different cultures. He is also very grateful to his parents for their selflessness as his education moved to @LOCATION1 without even putting the idea of work on their minds. Narciso's mood is reflected in every sentence of this memoir, he was fortunate to have such a wonderful childhood and "family" and he is aware of it and will appreciate and thank anyone for what he has done to help him grow into who he is. Everything is now for the rest of his life.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author sets a certain mood. I think the emotion created in this story is love. I think so because this story is about how parents sacrificed everything to move to @LOCATION1 so they could have a better life and a better life for their kids. Another reason love is a mood is because he talks about how even though the people he spends time with are not his blood relatives, he still considers them all family. In the end, I think love is the theme because he expresses an eternal gratitude to his parents for making the place he lives feel at home because of his wonderful childhood. That's why I think the emotion that memoir creates is love
Emotions are programmed as a feeling of sadness. Authors full of poverty set it this way. There is also a feeling of love. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." It also says they learned the true definition of family. That's why it's set too sad love mood. They are immigrants. This memoir is inspiring.
In my opinion, I think the writer set a mood of love. Here are the points I would like to consider. First, he explained how much he loved his parents. A elaboration of my point is that he uses strong words to show that he loves them very much. For example, "I often tell them my admiration for their strength." @CAPS1 He talks about his family and the love they share. One elaboration of my point is that he explained how courageous they were. For example "My parents came to this country with such courage and no language knowledge." @CAPS2 He explained how much his house means to him. He talked about his memories of being there. For example "I will never forget that house...or the many things I learned there". All in all, that's why I think the author set a mood of love.
The author's memoirs brought him a lot of life and read it with the whole world.
The emotion in this story is more of a positive emotion. Because the author is talking about his home and his love for it. And how he praised his parents for taking a risk in America. But it can be a bad mood because they have to leave their friends but they come to America and they are a family and home.
The emotions the author creates in the memoir is happiness and love I think this memoir is about happiness because in the @NUM1 paragraph he explains how fun and happy his home is. Cooking with his family and he really appreciates @CAPS1. I also think this memoir about love is because throughout the memoir he talks about his appreciation and love for his family and friends. That's why I think the mood of this memoir is happiness and love.
I think the main emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. But love extends to gratitude and hospitality. In this memoir, love finds a lot through family. The love of the author's parents is shown in the @NUM1 paragraph when it says "They came here selflessly like many immigrants to give their children a better life..." The love from the author's parents reappears in In the @NUM1 paragraph it says: "Believe that this struggle will lead to a better life for them and their children, which motivates them to endure these difficult times." These two famous lines express the author's parents' love for their children. An atmosphere of hospitality is also present in this memoir. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it expresses hospitality by saying, "This is a close-knit community...immigrants have reached out to those who, though not necessarily of their own kind, are clearly in need" . This shows how hospitable the community is and how caring it is. Another emotion the author creates in his memoir is the gratitude in the @NUM4 paragraph, which is reflected. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell him that what they did is braver than I ever did. I often tell them about my admiration and perseverance for their strength, and I thank them again and again. " This sentence shows the author's gratitude to his parents. These are the ways the author expresses his emotions in his memoirs.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", from "Home: The Blueprint of Our Lives" by Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates an atmosphere for the story. The mood of his story is bittersweet. Happy, but also a little sad. One way is shown when @CAPS1 mentions his grandparents. Rodriguez wrote: "Sergio and Edelmira, my surrogate grandparents living in a basement apartment. (I didn't know my 'real' grandparents, the elders, until 1970, when they were allowed to leave Cuba. Narciso & Consuelo)" It @CAPS2 It's bittersweet because even though Rodriguez had "grandparents", @CAPS1 didn't meet his real grandparents until later in his life. Another way Rodriguez makes his mood bittersweet is by talking about his parents. "They came here selflessly, like so many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends, and careers in the country they loved," @CAPS1 wrote . Parents sacrificed @CAPS2 for him. Another way Rodriguez makes bittersweet is by admiring his parents. Rodriguez wrote: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did." @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS1 Thank you for everything they gave up , so @CAPS1 have a good life with a cold. Rodriguez conveys both happy and sad times in his memoir.
In memoir @PERSON1, from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates an atmosphere for @PERSON1. The emotions the author creates are different, but never seem to subside. As Narciso Rodriguez defines your "family" in his memoirs. One of the examples the author created for this emotion is " Growing up in such an environment, it made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." Cook while listening to cube music. Narciso says, "She's grateful in her heart that she can cook, and she still loves listening to cube music." It's a happy mood that shows memory. Another example is, "My parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of the language or culture." Narciso's mood suddenly became serious, but he was proud of his parents. The last example is, in all last paragraphs. "It was in her home that she learned the true definition of 'family'." "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Narciso's mood is so happy and Proud to say her home and family are really important to her. The emotions the author creates for Narciso Rodriguez are always proud, happy, but never sad. She has many memories in one home.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author sets a mood. The mood set is happy, great and loving. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states that "they came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life." The author is happy that his parents did this for him thing. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice". In the @NUM3 paragraph it states "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." The author loves his home for all the memories and friendships it has and is so grateful for him provide it's parent.
The emotions in the memoir are happiness, friendship, and glory, an example being "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us. Friendship and honesty. It is "a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who clearly need it, though not necessarily their own kind. "That's the mood of the memoir.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the memoir has a tone of love and gratitude. The tone of love and gratitude is snowing the definition of "family". In the seventh paragraph, the author says: "For this, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget my parents. How to turn this simple house into a home." This shows that the tone expresses gratitude for what the parents have done while loving them. As I mentioned earlier, the tone is love and gratitude.
The mood author @PERSON1 creates in his memoir is a happy and warm Rodriguez (multiple times), lovingly describing his childhood and the people in it. In his memoir, he talks about the house he grew up in and the love at home. Rodriguez describes the warmth of his kitchen and everything that happens in it. "Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes" (@NUM1 paragraph). Rodriguez also described the connection between family and friends around him, "Countless extended family members come and go... My parents always had open arms and doors to the many people we thought were family, Because they know they will do the same to us" (@NUM2 paragraph). While there is love in this memoir, there is also a serious tone when the author describes the difficulties his parents had to face in order to give him the best life possible. You can tell that Rodriguez has a lot of respect for his parents.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a clear mood. For example, the Cuban background creates a happy atmosphere. Narciso explained: “My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking to this day (which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (I Loved the day) filled the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." This shows her love and happiness from her Cuban background. Another mood set by the author is greatness. Narciso explained, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Narciso is clearly very grateful to her parents for leading and guiding her life to happiness. In conclusion, Narciso Rodriguez creates emotions of happiness and greatness throughout this memoir.
In this memoir, author Narciso Rodriguez instills an emotion of love and an intense sense of gratitude. He thanked his parents for sacrificing their happiness and family for the happiness of their child (Narciso), as seen in paragraph @NUM1, which wrote: "My parents came to this country with such courage and no language Or cultural knowledge. They come here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love.” In addition, Narciso evokes a sense of admiration for his parents. He admired their courage to keep all the wonderful things in Cuba, as he said in the @NUM2 paragraph: "I often tell them [his parents] that I admire their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. "All in all, Narciso does show a sense of love in this memoir.
In Narciso Rodriguez, the memoir of Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a happy, joyous mood. The mood of the memoir is happy because of their close friendship. The family gets along well, cooks together, eats together, etc. The community is close, so everyone feels like family. They enjoy a musical feast together. This can be illustrated by the following quote "My parents shared culinary responsibilities and unknowingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking. In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures Come together in great solidarity and friendship. It's a close-knit community. My parents were always open and open to the many people we considered family, knowing they would do the same for us Things." @CAPS1, their aunts, cousins and friends grace their dinner table, "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, a Cuban feast full of life, love and music. "It was here that I learned the definition of family. I will never forget that house or its gracious community where I learned so much about how to love. "That's why the happy conclusion.
Narciso Rodriguez creates a very positive mood throughout the memoir. The mood created by the other party is happy. I chose this mood because in his memoir he described how wonderful it was to live in a town where people cared about him. He also mentioned how grateful he was to be raised by a loving and caring family. In this memoir about Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a very positive mood throughout the memoir.
In the memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez, From Hometown: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the emotions the author creates in his memoir. The emotions the character creates are very full. One of the ways he's very happy is because he talks about how he grew up with him." The family is happy that his family helped him be everyone in his life.
The author of the story creates an atmosphere in these few passages. When I read this article, I can feel the warm welcome from my hometown. The mood must be cheerful and happy. What we expect to feel at @CAPS1. The author talks about his kind parents and loving family. About how his parents were so selfless and always reaching out to anyone in need, no matter who they were. He also talks about the neighbors he loves, not the blood-related family. I believe the author has created a good mood that reminds you of home and makes your heart smile.
The mood the author describes in this memoir is very simple, nothing special in the @NUM1 paragraph, @CAPS1 elicits "1961, I was born in this simple house". @CAPS2 The author says childhood is simple, nothing special.
The sentiment created by @CAPS1 in the memoir is in the @NUM1 paragraph where it says "Growing up in this environment instilled in me a great feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with blood". In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says: "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal Cuban feast) always fills the air, with not only smell and music, but life and Love. Learned the true definition of "family". These are the emotions created by @CAPS1 in the memoir.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author creates emotions that are very loving and grateful. He talked about what it was like growing up in his family. He also said how gracious his parents were. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," he said in his memoir. "I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did." It shows what he did to his parents. Everything is very grateful. The mood also sounds gracious as he loves his parents moving to @LOCATION1. His parents also sounded to love him because they were brave and sacrificed a lot for him. These are why the emotions of the memoir are loving and grateful.
The mood of the boy in this story is that he happily talks about how his whole family can come to his house for dinner during the day. His friends can come too. When he was explaining how he didn't get to meet his real grandparents from Cuba, he didn't sound as happy as before, and the words happier. At the end of the memoir, the boy says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." It's mostly him when he says his mood changes and appreciates everything his parents have given him in his life The cooking skills also come from his parents @CAPS1 who is very grateful for what he has. This is the mood of the boy in the story.
The mood that a memoir author creates is a very good tone of voice, giving the reader a sense of what the author is expressing in the text. Our author's fond memories express this sentiment full of contingency. It was also a deep satisfaction that helped our author make his point. He provided information on the house and neighbors. Add a personal touch. This sentiment is based on everything going on in the house.
The author tries to create a feeling of gratitude. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love." "I My parents will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice." "I often tell them my admiration for the strength and perseverance there."
The mood in the memoirs has changed little. Narciso Rodriguez's mood was finally happy as @CAPS1 said, "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." @CAPS1 also said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS2 I think Narciso is happy. Mood is mostly calm and happy as @CAPS1 told his parents about the courage. This is the mood given by the author.
The author created a wonderful feeling in his memoirs called happiness. In her memoir, she sets the mood for happiness by telling us about all her happy, loving memories. One is how her young parents paste Cuban culture, music, food and more on @CAPS1. Another is how her parents cared about others, so they helped family and friends get back on their feet, and how she did it. She's also happy with her parents' selflessness, because she says they always put her and others ahead of them, and they've done anything for her. Happiness is one of the best moods no matter where you are because @CAPS2 you are happy and other people are happy and it makes you and others feel good too.
Narciso Rodriguez created a very warm, loving and overall positive mood in his memoir. Throughout the memoir, everything is positive. For example, in @LOCATION1 he described his parents' hardships, not out of sympathy but out of pride. They "braved the harsh northern winters" and didn't die of the cold, they were strong. Rodriguez also described his community. He describes it as a tight-knit community, almost like a family that helps anyone in need. Rodriguez clearly had a good view of his childhood.
The mood of the story is very happy as the author is describing his childhood memories and all the good times he had at home. He said over and over again that he loved his home as a child and loved being with his family. The mood of the story is also very loving. The author tells how he realized the true meaning of home at home. Also, he talks about how much his parents sacrificed for his happiness
The mood created by the author in @CAPS1 is happy and grateful. One reason is that @CAPS2 is happy that her mom and @CAPS3 have a great life with @CAPS2, her mom and @CAPS3 helped
In this memoir, the author creates a very good mood. The mood he creates is comforting, but at the same time grateful and happy. The author creates a comforting mood as he talks about his home, his family and what he grew up with. He talks about how his parents played Cuban music, cooked Cuban food, and turned "...a simple house into a home." Readers will find comfort when he talks about how generous and wonderful people his parents were. Also, when he talks about how he lives in a community, it's a "...a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who, while not necessarily their own, clearly have A helping hand to those in need." The reader has a sense of comfort. The author also creates a great mood because he is always talking about how he will be "… forever grateful for [his] parents for their love and sacrifice." The author is very fond of everything his parents do Grateful for everything from leaving Cuba, their jobs, their families, and everything they left behind just to give him a better life, and everything they did in childhood. Throughout the memoir, the author continually creates a feeling of comfort, gratitude, and joy.
The sentiment of this post is amazing because explaining how your parents were so good and how they raised you makes it feel good, especially when you’re having a good time with friends and family. The author just sets off a good mood for the reader of this article: since people like to read something that makes him or her happy, this story makes me feel good about myself and my family, just like he/she does in this article like family
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez describes his family truthfully, lovingly and invitingly. In the second paragraph, Narciso recounts how his family interacted at home. “I was born in this simple house in 1961, in a two-family golden brick building in the Ironbound district of Newark, New Jersey.” Here, Narciso lays out facts about his childhood. The memories he shared with his family during that time created a feeling of love in him. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us." His parents shared their love and sympathy with others, this is Naxi So grateful; for the love and sacrifice his parents gave him. The powerful words he uses in the last two paragraphs plunge the memoir into a mood of love, maybe even sadness. He used this word to say they came from the heart, and the memories of @CAPS1's parents and family have influenced his life and made him understand the true meaning of family.
The author creates multiple emotions in this @CAPS10. At one point in @CAPS1, he created a sweet @CAPS6 by describing his home, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, how the kitchen became the heart of his home. In another moment of @CAPS1, the author created a @CAPS5 @CAPS6. He created this @CAPS6 by telling @CAPS7 how his family embraces everyone. His family always helps their friends and they always have a @CAPS8 place when family visits. He also created a sad tone by talking about how grateful he was for his parents he could never express. Finally at the end of @CAPS1 the author created a sincere @CAPS6. He created these sincere @CAPS6 by expressing his selfless gratitude to his parents. These are the changes @CAPS6 made during his @CAPS10.
In @PERSON1's memoir, the author shows a lot of emotion throughout the story. Happiness and gratitude are the two most important emotions. @PERSON1 Thank you so much for the entire memoir. He is grateful to his friends and family. His caring and selfless parents. And all the hard work they did and everything they gave up in Cuba to come to @LOCATION1. His father worked in a laboratory and his mother studied chemical engineering. In the end, he is grateful that he grew up in a very good family. Another mood is happiness. The brackets in the first paragraph indicate that he is very fond of cooking and Cuban music. He is also very proud of his Cuban @CAPS1 and how his extended family is with him. This memoir has a lot of emotion and it makes it even better.
The author is in a very good mood @CAPS1 @CAPS2 in a simlpe house cuba. @CAPS1 does a lot of fun with her family. She appreciates her parents for their love and sacrifice, I often @CAPS1 tell her that what she does is so brave, her parents tell her that family and friends are important from an early age.
Narciso in @CAPS1 is in the mood that he grew up in Cuba and moved to America. When he was in @CAPS2.S he found a house and later in @CAPS1 he and his family turned the house into a home. @CAPS1 is also used to explain what life is like, how he enjoys cooking for his family, and what he does in his free time.
@PERSON1 is a memoir of a family growing up in an immigrant community. Throughout the reading, Narciso created a feeling of great gratitude and excitement. As an example of this, he said he is forever grateful for his family's Cuban cooking. Another example of this sentiment is when he gets excited about the fact that his entire immigrant community is reaching out, even if you have a different @NUM1 portrays his greatness even though he hasn't seen His real grandparents, someone nearby took their place, treating @PERSON1 like a grandson. That's the emotion @PERSON1 showed in his family memoir.
I think the mood in the memoir is generally positive. The character always praises his parents and always tells him that he admires "their strength and perseverance". The @CAPS1 memoir is a child's compliment to their parents and culture. Narciso adored his family very much.
In the short story @PERSON1, the author expresses her gratitude and appreciation for everything her parents have done in their life. They went through tough times, but they kept going and made their lives and their children's lives easy and beautiful
The author's mood is happy The author is really happy @CAPS1 about this family thanks for living in a country they love with all their heart and will never forget their country.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs seems to me pure happiness and love. Narciso Rodriguez said: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. This family is shown many times in this memoir, and they always have people coming, such as the landlord's daughter Alegria is Narciso's first friend and nanny, she often came over for dinner. Narciso also said, "There was also sergio and Edelmira at the table, my surrogate grandparents living in the basement. (I would have known my "real" grandparents, Narciso the Elder and @PERSON2 until they were allowed to leave Cuba in 1970) Members came and went" but @CAPS1 said @CAPS2 "My parents always told us what we thought was Many people in the family open their doors" which explains why the house is full of happiness, but I think the house is full of love because "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home. "
I think the author's mood is, honor, pride, love and appreciation. I think the author's mood is part of getting the credit because (in the @NUM1 paragraph) he really expresses how he feels so loving to his parents and making others feel loved and welcome. I also think he's proud because, he explained (in the @NUM2 paragraph) he's so grateful to his family and his parents for helping those in need with open arms and having such great parents that he doesn't even have words Expressing his parents' commitment and kindness to everyone. Throughout the story the author always mentions how much his partner loves him and you can see him in the paragraphs expressing his parents' love for their family and them with the words and expressions he uses in the story fact. @CAPS1. Those are what I think are his emotions and their reasons.
The atmosphere created by the author in his memoirs is good and calm. It describes how families allow people to enter their houses with open arms and open doors, and it makes me and the rest of me seem to be in a good mood. The mood is so peaceful because it talks about the family doing good deeds, no yelling, no fighting, and I feel fine and peaceful.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that his mood changes every time he talks about his new home. For example, @NUM1's wealth of cooking skills and love for cooking, which I still do today (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day). Every time there are parentheses it means the mood of the story changes as he talks about his life in Cuba and his new life in America. He was grateful that he was in America and that his parents had left Cuba, where they had a better life.
The atmosphere created by Narciso Rodriguez feels loving and caring. Since he's talking about his family, of course he's going to @CAPS1 love. For example, he said "here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends". It shows that he misses those times, he misses those times that he clearly cares about. So the emotions created in the excerpt are love and caring.
In the memoir, the mood created by the author is very understandable and real. Throughout the memoir, the author says how grateful he is to his parents. In his memoir, Narciso explained, "I will always be grateful for my parents' love and sacrifice." Narciso's parents had to go through a lot of hard things. They had to leave their country, their friends and family, and they almost had to start their lives all over again. But his parents stood strong in those trying times. They cared about and taught Narciso many important things. The mood set by the author is very loving. The author has very incredible parents and he is very grateful.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of love and gratitude. Narciso tells readers how grateful they are. @CAPS1 is for living in @LOCATION1, even though @CAPS1 doesn't live in a big and beautiful house, her family made her fall in love with her house. @CAPS1 loves and appreciates what her family has done for her. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. @CAPS1 will never forget the house because this is where @CAPS1 learned the true definition of family." This is where I learned the true definition of "family". To that end, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love.
In his memoir, the author not only describes the journey to @LOCATION1 and the house he lived in, but also a deep and warm account of his life at @LOCATION1 and the relationships he forged. He also spent some time talking about his parents' selflessness and what they did to make new immigrants feel welcome in this new place. The mood set by the author makes people want to read this article when they feel sad, they just want a warm, comfortable feeling. I think the mood exudes a sense of selflessness, but also coming together when all are isolated and united. When you turn isolation into unity, good things are bound to happen. The author put it this way in his memoir: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into home." The mood of the story really tells you that the world doesn't have to be a cold and unforgiving place. If we do what they do, we can live together as one.
In the memoir, the boy talks about how his parents gave up everything for him and how they invited shelter without that room.
In this memoir, the author creates the atmosphere of his childhood home. According to @NUM1's phrase, cooking was an important part of the author's childhood. The author describes a home full of kitchen smells and "passionate @CAPS1 music." @CAPS2 A warm mood that reminds you of home, this poem is the foundation of the author's childhood. The authors live in a friendly immigrant community and always help each other. In paragraph @NUM2, the author describes a mood of family, friendship and acceptance. Although people in the neighborhood are not exactly the same, they were equals to each other during times of racism and apartheid. Coming to a different country to start a new life can be very difficult. It's hard to find a good job when you're just immigrating and probably don't have a lot of money. It is also difficult to adapt to climate change and learn another language. This creates emotions of difficult and difficult times. In this memoir, the author creates the emotions of his childhood memories, good and bad.
The mood created by the author is happy. A sense of security with friends, family and neighbors. His parents sacrificed their careers there, leaving friends and family behind, essentially starting anew for the benefit of their children. Narciso lived in a beautiful two-family blond brick house. There, she learned about Cuban culture, such as cooking and music, that filled the house when she was a child. Narciso has many "family". Not necessarily by blood, their neighbors are mostly immigrants, and when all these cultures come together, there is a tremendous amount of solidarity and friendship. She lives in a close-knit community and is always there to lend a helping hand if needed. Her parents always open their arms and open their doors. Their landowner's daughter, Alegria, often descends into their kitchen. Also her aunts Bertha and Juanita and her cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary. Often someone would be with them temporarily even in difficult times her parents would sacrifice anything for her and Narciso was great. Big thanks to her parents for turning a simple house into a home.
The mood created in this post is a happy mood. "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today, for which I am deeply grateful," he said. This shows that he is grateful for what he has received and that he is in a happy mood. He also said: "The passionate Cuban music I love today fills the aroma of the kitchen, where the innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop in our warm lives. Family. I mean, when he says all these things, the mood is a little lighter.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the author creates a feeling of great gratitude. As Narciso talks about his family culture at home, he keeps telling us how much he loves it today. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air..." (@CAPS1.@NUM1). Not only did he tell us that he had passionate Cuban music at home as a child, he also included his parents to remind us that he still loves the music he used to listen to. It made him sound very grateful that his parents played that kind of music at his house. In addition to giving us reason to believe he was grateful, he told us in his memoirs that he was constantly thankful to his parents. "I thank them again and again." (@CAPS1. @NUM2). He told us explicitly that he is grateful to his parents and that he is very grateful for what they did for him when he was a child. Finally, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." (@CAPS1.@NUM2) to wrap up his memoir and prove to us how grateful he is. Only very grateful people "never forget..." stuff. In Narciso's memoirs, there is a very clear and constant sense of gratitude.
The memoir is that @ORGANIZATION2 lived in Cuba and they arrived @ORGANIZATION3. They finally could afford a @NUM1 bedroom apartment, and they had a baby in 1961, when Narciso Rodriguez. at @LOCATION1. In a golden brick building within thin walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban family. My heart is my kitchen and my parents are cooks. They like to cook. Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen.
@CAPS1 is in a good mood, he talks a lot about his family, @CAPS2 his family, second their motoevation always hope in the city, state or wherever he might go @CAPS1 never @CAPS4 he's mostly happy and story
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of happiness and greatness. Here are three reasons I think. First off, Narciso is proud of the @CAPS2 lifestyle and @CAPS2 identity. It all started with his parents, who were immigrants. "I was born in this humble house in 1961." @CAPS1 Above all, @CAPS2 cherishes every moment of @CAPS2's life. @CAPS2 Thanks to his parents for everything they did for him and everyone else. “My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family.” In the end, his parents immigrated from Cuba. They are called immagrents because they were not born in the United States, and narciso is proud and sincerely happy for them. That's why I think the mood the author creates in his memoir is blissful and great.
In the memoir, there are actually two main emotions. The first emotions and the most prominent ones are joy and happiness. Because through the memoir, readers learn about the writer's family and how happy the writer is to her family. An example of this is the author's writing, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." But joy is not the only emotion in the memoir, because while the memoir is mostly about positive things, the reader must still remember that It's a memoir. That means it was only written because of Narciso Rodriguez's death. So sadness is also an emotion in this memoir. In the end, happy emotions mask depressing emotions, but to really understand where the author is coming from, readers need to consider these two emotions the most.
Narciso Rodriguez creates an atmosphere of caring and joy throughout this memoir. He does this @CAPS1 never boasting but always thanking his parents and talking about his childhood in a way that everyone helped each other. In @CAPS2 @NUM1 he talks about the sacrifices his parents made to give their children a better life. He said: "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their families, friends and careers in the country they loved. struggling, braving the rigors of northern winters, while longing for their native tropics and facing cultural difficulties." @CAPS1 wrote that others (his parents in his case) wanted to make his life The hardships and sacrifices that had to be experienced and made to be better, for which Narciso Rodriguez shows gratitude, leaves the reader with a sense of gratitude. Also, in @CAPS2 @NUM2, he describes how his community is like a family. He said: "Growing up in such an environment instilled in me a strong sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. Quite the contrary, our community used to be mainly composed of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. racism in the US became the norm, and segregation prevailed in the U.S. In one community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship. This @CAPS2 taught me that in difficult times, How people will come together and help each other. So give the reader a sense of caring. Narciso Rodriguez creates a feeling of caring and greatness in his memoir.
The author creates many emotions in the story "Narciso Rodriguez", from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives. Some of the emotions it creates are sad, brave and grateful. The author creates a sad mood in many ways. One way he creates sadness in his article is in the @NUM1 paragraph where he talks about how immigrants leave their families, friends and caregivers just to come to @LOCATION1 to do good and lead your kids to a good place . In the @NUM2 paragraph he also said he will be forever grateful for his @CAPS1. Leaving your friends and family is an act of bravery. He also created a sad mood when he said that all immigrants came to this country selflessly to give their children a better life. The author shows he knows how immigrants came to @LOCATION1. He also creates sadness by never talking about good things.
In this memoir from home, Narciso Rodriguez: The @CAPS1 in Our Lives @CAPS2 @CAPS3 interprets the definition of family as not being blood relatives, but being left in your life because of the huge impact they have on you and your characters People who have a lasting imprint they play in your life paint a certain image in your eyes when @CAPS3 goes through this descriptively the whole time @CAPS5 talks about family and its definition, they are not portrayed as someone related to you, And just basically people who are their cry for you like in the memoir where the landowner and his daughter often put food on the table for @CAPS6 and how the whole community becomes a family because of their actions Even though they come from very different backgrounds, they lend a helping hand and are even more different from each other, but they are united so that they are more like a family
In Narciso Rodriguez from Home, @CAPS1 in our lives @CAPS2 The sentiment created by the author in the memoir is @CAPS3 but sad because it says in @CAPS4 that the bay father and mother live in a one room apartment . But this is @CAPS3 and @CAPS5 because his parents have him and they have a house that feels like home to him. They taught him how to cook, they showed him different music in his cultere, he loves today's music, information in @CAPS4 @NUM1 is the last thing in @CAPS7 @CAPS3 and @CAPS5. The Nagpurs live together and are there when they need each other. Plus, they have all the different religions in Italy, Spain, and Cuba. I got this statement from @CAPS4 @NUM2 that's why this @CAPS7 is @CAPS3 but sad at the same time.
The mood of this choice is proud and happy. I know this from some clues in the text. The first and biggest clue is that the author states facts such as "I am forever "great" and "The witch I adore to this day. Plus, it shows how proud she is when she says "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
From his memoir, Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, author Narciso Rodriguez creates an emotion of gratitude and love. The author thanked his parents for their culture and selflessness, leaving family and friends to give their children a better life. A quote that really shows this is "both my parents shared cooking duties and unknowingly passed on the love I still have for cooking today" (@NUM1). That line shows how much he loves his culture and heritage. He loves a Cuban family with all the traditions. I know this because "passionate Cuban music (which I've always loved) fills the air and mixes with the aroma of the kitchen". (@NUM1). Narciso Rodriguez constantly builds a feeling of gratitude and love in his memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a happy mood. Rodriguez explained how grateful he is to his parents and everything they did for him. Make his house a home and be there for him all the time. He talks about friend boats and family, but family is the relationship between their friends, even if they're not blood. Overall, he thanked his parents, saying: "I can't really express my testament to the generosity and the importance of family and friends that left me at such a young age.
In his memoirs, Narciso Rodriguez creates a mood of reflection and relaxation for his memories. For example, his use of parentheses creates a sound for him through which the reader can better understand what he is trying to say. Also, by actively reminiscing about old times, it feels like the author is right next to the reader, having a pleasant conversation. For example, when he talks about the landlord's daughter @LOCATION1, he mentions that she often graces his table in front of her. Furthermore, by describing the environment of his apartment, the reader feels like we are sitting in a chair with a wooden back and listening to the sweet saranade of an unnamed Cuban singer. The smell of spices fills the air, and the smoke from the stove wafts lazily out of the window, moisturizing the eyes. The sound of the engine and the muffled roar of the bus played in the background. Bright red, orange and yellow furniture burns pleasantly to the eye. This reflective and relaxed mood is very important for the author to convey his story, and Narciso Rodriguez does a great job.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is a feeling of bliss as it is the pride of his culture. He loves his parents and the house they make home. The author explains how his life started in New Jersey, how proud he is of his parents, how he respects them, and plans to carry forward the culture and traditions that his family has, which is what makes me feel that mood The reason the author set out to be a happy and fulfilling life for this family, I was so happy and happy for him when I read this because he so admired his family and how happy his life was.
The emotions created in a memoir might be happiness, gratitude, and love. In his memoir, the author describes how his parents left their country, Cuba, to give their children a better life, even if it meant keeping their family, friends and careers in the country they loved (@CAPS1 @ NUM1). The author expresses gratitude for his culture and the sacrifices his parents made (@CAPS1 @NUM2). At the end the author also expresses his feelings about the house he lives in, you get to know the real definition of "family", when other refugees come to this country, his parents are very happy to welcome him. "I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home," the author said at the end (@CAPS1 @NUM3).
The mood the author creates in his memoir is sad because he is a poor boy and his family has no money and he lives in a @NUM1 bedroom apartment in New Jersey where the center of their living is the kitchen and both his parents share Cooking duties, but his parents still remember the traditional way they behaved in Cuba. They live in a very poor house, it's a refugee's place, all the refugees here live after he thinks about going to school and helping his family, he starts going to school, he starts learning a lot about love and other things, he Started learning @CAPS1 because he can't speak @CAPS1 and then he started learning it, he lives in a house where he celebrates his birthday is small, the size of a kitchen, and he says he will always thank his family for being He did so many great things and that was when he was very young and he was very proud and he said he would stay with his parents forever because of the love there and he told his parents that he admired their strength and courage and perseverance , so it's a very sad life for him and his parents
I think the sentiment of this excerpt is caring. Parents don't (almost) give up their lives to start a new life and give their children a better place to live. They live a perfect life at home, but give everything for their children. That's why the sentiment of this excerpt is caring.
Narciso's parents are immigrants, they lived in Cuba, parents created our traditional Cuban family, it's hard for parents to live in Cuba, it's a great family to support immigrants in this country living in one place, but immigrants have you in this The culture of the country If you are Cuban, you have your own culture.
@CAPS1 of this poem is very warm and has warm memories of loving his home, passionate Cuban music and love for culinary arts, leaving readers with the warmth and love of home. His use of words like "adoration," "warm home," "childhood innocence," "passion," "congregation," "love of cooking," and "celebration" takes readers away from a loving and heartfelt @CAPS1 The discussion of the true definition of family, not just blood relatives, warms the reader, as the passage talks about his extended family like Alegria. Sergio and @CAPS2: And his real relatives like Aunts Bertha and Juanita and his cousins "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home", they are very Love so much that @CAPS1 is hit with strong warm chords to the reader's satisfaction. @PERSON1's @CAPS1 definitely has love
The mood of this post is joy and gratitude. I think it's nice because Narciso tells you how much he had fun with his parents and close family, and how much Narciso loves living where she lives. I think it's grateful because Narciso got the education he wanted and everyone around him is proud of Narciso. I feel mostly happy and grateful
From what I know, hear and see, living in a country or place can be very difficult. Poverty often replaces the situation with a racist and discriminatory aspect. Nonetheless, this well-known memoir speaks of the satisfying and good side of it all. Happiness created in the place Narciso calls home. At home, he can still experience Cuban culture, including music, traditional cooking and the best family atmosphere. "Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes." This quote illuminates the whole idea of this memoir, And how people from all over the world come together to celebrate the wonderful joys of life, even if they sometimes dismiss it.
The emotion the author creates in this memoir is love. Narciso and his family are so full of love that they are able to overcome difficulties and help others overcome difficulties by keeping them at home and living with them. They allowed people who weren't even part of their family to be part of their family, they loved and cared about others, maybe even more than themselves, and gave up everything they had in Cuba to come to America for a better future for their children. The love in this house has transformed it from an ordinary house into a loving, caring, compassionate and selfless home not only for Narciso but for everyone in the community and family. "The mood of this memoir is, who created it.
In a good mood as most of his family immigrated to @LOCATION1. He and his parents love to cook. He loves the smell in the kitchen and sometimes the family cooks, visits them and eats. The authors used to be upset because they needed to put up with racism.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is joyful and grateful. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" In the @NUM2 paragraph, "My parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of the language or culture." @CAPS1 Therefore, I say that the author's mood in this memoir is happy and grateful.
The mood the author gives in this memoir is happiness. In the memoir, Narciso talks about how great it was for his parents to leave the place they loved, Cuba, so they could provide a better life for the kids there in @ORGANIZATION1. Narciso explains how much he loves his parents because they offered love and sacrifice, such as "In Cuba, Narciso, SR. worked in the lab, @LOCATION1 studied chemical engineering. In the US, they had to start their lives It's totally over, they can find any job." Narciso loves his parents for the sacrifices they made and the risks they took just to make his life better, which is why he wrote this memoir.
In the article "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives, the mood the author creates in his memoir is happy, but sometimes sad. The author makes sure that the mood matches the text in the story. The words are happy and sometimes sad. The mood at the beginning of the story is sad, but as the story progresses, it becomes happier. This is the mood created by the author in his memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is about family. He described his experiences growing up in New Jersey. He talks about "Sergio and Edelmira," who were his grandparents. "He didn't meet his real grandparents until 1970. Although many of the people around him were not his real family, he thought they were It's his real family because they care and love him. That's what I think the mood in the memoir is.
The mood created by the memoir created by author @PERSON1 is that he is an internationally recognized costume designer who came up with his definition of "family". It's a heartwarming story about him and what he calls his only "family."
I think the author created the mood to show everyone that Narciso is grateful to live where he is. He loves his home and his parents each get along well. Even know he's a guy who wants to be successful and get along with everyone.
The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez is very @CAPS1 and happy. Not really happening in @NUM1 paragraph, so no real feeling. About halfway through the @NUM2 segment, the memoir starts to get very @CAPS1. This is really @CAPS1 because you realize he can turn a New Jersey condo into a traditional Cuban home. It said in the @NUM3 paragraph that their community consisted of "Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants when blatant racism was the norm and apartheid existed." Really @CAPS2 Those cultures back then could be in a friendly community . In the @NUM4 and @DATE1 paragraphs, when Narciso Rodriguez starts thanking his parents, it feels like you're in the house and having dinner with their family. Overall, the memoir about converting a three-bedroom apartment in New Jersey into a traditional Cuban home is a very @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 story throughout.
The writer of the story is in a mixed mood. Happy because he is grateful to have parents like him/now, and sad because his childhood wasn't great, but having a family makes him happy, it makes him seem more like a home and what his family should be where
When I read "Narciso Rodriguez", I felt the atmosphere was warm and thoughtful. "Family has nothing to do with blood" I think it's popular and shows that his parents don't care who you are or what culture you believe in. He would always thank his parents for leaving Cuba so their children could have a better life. His parents believed that if they had a hard time, they would enjoy the good times ahead, and he always thanked them for that.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of joy and gratitude for what he once had. I can tell because every time the writer speaks he is always happy and I notice that nothing negative is said in the story. An example of appreciating his life is when he said in the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1 can say he is happy because he will never Forget being kind and giving to your parents. Another example of a happy mood is what it says in the @NUM2 paragraph, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows how happy he is because his parents love him so much. My third example in the story is when the author says in the @NUM3 paragraph, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they'll do the same for us. " It shows that the author appreciates how much his parents cared about others, and how much other people cared about them. My fourth and final example is in the @NUM4 paragraph, which says: "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant they had to Don't leave their family, friends, and careers in their country. Loved." This quote shows how happy and grateful the author is for the author's parents who gave up everything to give their children a good life. These are all concrete examples of how the emotions the author creates in his memoirs are very joyful and grateful.
The mood the author creates in his memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez From, Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives," is all about love and happiness. Memoirs are mostly about family and childhood memories. It expresses the author's feelings or love, and @CAPS1 readers feel it. The author grew up without a lot of material things, without a big house, but with a lot of fond memories of love and warmth. The many different memories in this memoir give a feeling of love and happiness. First, it says in the @NUM1 paragraph, "...all of these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." The authors live in a community with many different cultures, but context aside, Made good friends. Also, the memoir says in the @NUM2 paragraph, "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family..." This shows that their family is very attractive. They always have guests and love many people and consider them family. The author also said in the @NUM3 paragraph, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1, the author doesn't have everyone, but the memory created by the parents, the environment, he really remembers of. In short, after reading this memoir, you can really feel the love from everyone. The author's amazing childhood memories give him a great family environment. The author does a great job of creating an atmosphere of love and helping the reader feel it.
The mood created by the author is happy and grateful. This memoir expresses a positive sentiment, and throughout the memoir, they show no sign of negativity at all. The author creates a mood telling readers that he never regrets anything from his childhood and that he is grateful for his wonderful and loving parents. The author creates a mood and also tells readers that he is proud of his Cuban heritage and everything and everyone he grew up with. Narciso also developed strong feelings for his beloved parents, friends and family. The mood in this memoir is positive and can be described with a great deal of meaning.
The mood of the author in the story "Narciso Rodriguez" in "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives" can be described as calm, a little sad. The author constantly talks and recalls her childhood home. But now she is leaving her beloved home, which makes her sad. Also, she talks about "my parents always opening their arms and doors to a lot of people we think of as family." It would also make her look sad because maybe her parents passed away and that's what she felt for their memory. As you can see, the author in this memoir has a calm and sad tone.
In this memoir written by @PERSON1, the author creates a mood that runs through the story. When @LOCATION3 lived in a three-bedroom apartment in Newark, NJ, that mood represented the happiness in his life. In the second paragraph, the author talks about how his parents took their Cuban heritage and brought it to their new home in the United States. @PERSON1 is always happy that his entire house revolves around the kitchen. There is always the smell of Cuban music and Cuban festivals in the air. @PERSON1 is always happy because he's always been part of the family. There's never been a lack of love or a sense of family during the trying times that @PERSON1's parents are going through. In the sixth paragraph, the author says "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author creates a happy mood when he says this, and it flows through the memoir. Also in the seventh paragraph, he says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This memoir shows that the importance of family and friends brings something to everyone's life. to feel positive.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness and love for his family. He writes about how his parents and other immigrants moved to @CAPS1.SA just to give their kids a better life. He writes in a way that makes the reader feel that he is very happy. He also talked about how his parents taught him to cook and talked to him about Cuban culture. He is very proud and very grateful to his parents for teaching him this. The author writes how special this simple little home is to him and what it means to him. The house is also special to him, where he spent his childhood and how he received the love of his parents in this house. Here, he was able to learn what the word "family" really meant and, to his delight, he could never forget his family in his life. These love and happiness are the emotions the author creates in his memoirs dedicated to his family.
The mood set by the author in the memoir is a grateful softness. The author is thanking his parents in a good way, in a kind, soft and grateful way. "Having a Cuban meal (albeit a frugal Cuban meal) in the warm kitchen of this humble house, the air is full of not only smell and music, but life and love (pg.@NUM1). All you need in life is a little imagination and a lot of help and love. This man in the memoir got a lot of help in love and he describes it in a nice calming way, thanks Everything his parents did for him.
The mood the author creates is joy. I think it's because Narciso's parents were hardworking immigrants. They could have stayed in their country, but they wanted a better future for Narciso. When Narciso realized he was happy and full of joy. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "I will always be grateful to my parents". When you are grateful, you will be happy. That's the mood I think the author created.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is love and happiness. In the memoir, readers express their love and gratitude to their parents. Not only did his parents love him; they quit their jobs and moved around the world just to give their son a better life. The authors' parents took great risks for their son. The author expresses that he is very grateful to his parents and cannot express his love for them. This memoir expresses love and gratitude for family members and how a little caring can go a long way.
The atmosphere of this story is strange. This story is about different cultures coming together. Narciso's parents are very friendly and generous. His parents always accepted that @CAPS1 needed a home and treated them like family. Narciso still has some family in Cuba and may see them later in life. Anyway, the mood of this story is very heartwarming, and Narciso is also very grateful for everything he has. Narciso's parents have to support many people since then, and there are more than one family living at home, which is difficult for them. Well, I think the atmosphere of the story is good.
The overall mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness. First, Narciso's parents went through the struggle of coming to @LOCATION2 and starting over. Narciso recounts, “My parents, originally from Cuba, arrived in the United States in 1956.” His parents came to the United States from Cuba, hoping for a happier future. The Narcisos were nice to everyone and everyone around them was nice to them. He explained what his parents did. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they'll do the same for us." Narciso's parents were happy to let anyone into their home. Finally, Narciso is very grateful to his parents. Narciso explained, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Narciso is very happy with what his parents have done for him. The mood in this memoir is a happy one.
A mood in a memoir is great. Narciso is happy to have parents who gave up so much for his good life. He is also grateful because his parents showed him the importance of family and friends. It means he's happy to have parents who care enough about giving up what they love for the one they love. Another mood is calm, because Narciso likes the Cuban music they listen to. Narciso is always there and the kitchen is always in use. He said "Family has nothing to do with blood. I mean his house was a peaceful and safe place. Everyone was in his house all the time. His parents "always opened their arms to a lot of people who were considered and opened the door to the family. . "I think the mood at the end is happy. Narciso is always happy because his family helps so many people. He also loves that his parents think so much about them. I mean he always has something to do. He Always a pleasure to be with family and friends.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are happiness and gratitude. The mood is created by the text, the way the author describes his home, and his gratitude for what his parents have done for him. @CAPS2 was born in a simple house in a golden brick building in the @CAPS1 district of Newark, NJ. "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the heart of which is the kitchen," says the author. @CAPS2 explains that both his parents share culinary duties and bring their cooking skills and passion for cooking of love passed on to him. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air and mixes with the aroma of the kitchen." The author also explains how everyone in the community helps each other and treats each other like family. Although his parents did not understand the language or culture, they immigrated to give their children a better life. They leave everything behind. Struggling financially and personally. @CAPS2 forever grateful for what they do. In short, the mood created by the author is the happiness of love and gratitude. "I'll never forget that house or its gracious community or the many things I've learned about how to love.
In this @CAPS1, narciso Rodriguez, @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 will be a little sad as @CAPS3 is telling about her life and how @CAPS3 grew up in a @CAPS5 simple house in 1961. Her mother didn't want her to live anywhere else. @CAPS3 is an only child. This @CAPS1 mainly tells you about her life. That's @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 @PERSON2.
I think the mood that the author gives in his memoirs is a happy mood. I think it's because the author doesn't talk about one unpleasant thing throughout the memoir. In the @NUM1 segment, the author talks about how his parents taught him how to cook, and how they made him love Cuban music. In the @NUM2 paragraph, the author talks about the unity and friendship of his community despite racial differences. The author talks about all his friends and family in the @NUM3 paragraph. I think the most important thing he talked about was how he learned to love in the @NUM4 segment. As you can see, there are no sad memories in this memoir, which I think is what makes it so happy.
The atmosphere created in the memoir is great as @PERSON1's family gave up pretty much everything to live the good life in New Jersey. He thanked his parents for talents such as cooking and loved their tradition of interest in Cuban music. @PERSON1 must be so grateful to be surrounded by so many loving people like his "@CAPS1 lord and his daughter, @PERSON2 (my babysitter and first friend)...(who) more frequently for Our kitchen table is more splendid than nothing”
"@PERSON1" from The Blueprint of Our Lives, the kind of mood the author creates is happiness and @CAPS1. When the author reiterates when the girl says I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. It shows how much @CAPS2 cares about her parents and how much @CAPS2 respects them. Another example, her parents are @CAPS3 and are very concerned about when her parents came to this country with such courage and no knowledge of any language or culture. That line proves that parents care about their daughters.
The atmosphere created by the author is very interesting. At some point, the author is very serious. He will tell about the difficult times his family went through and what they went through. Then he will be happy. He would explain what his house would look like. He would say how happy his house was and how much he loved his parents. He would explain how loving parents he was. He showed that his family was not related by blood at all. His family is a combination of different cultures that make up a happy family.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are gratitude and happiness. Narciso has repeatedly stated that he is very grateful to his parents for showing him what it really means to be a family and to be selfless and caring. "I can't really express my testament to the generosity that impressed me at such a young age and how important family and friends are," he said. As he recalled his childhood memories, he showed What a happy home they are. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm home," he said. In his memoir, Narciso created the A beautiful mood full of gratitude, happiness and a sense of childhood.
The emotions in Narciso Rodriguez's life memoir are mostly about the bond he had with his parents and how everyone around them got them through tough times. In @CAPS1 @NUM1, he noted that in their communities, "cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship" and "how immigrants are reaching out to people who are not only their own kind, And need help." The author says that in his community, many different cultures have come together to help each other during racism and other difficult times. "Family," he said, isn't just those who are related to you by blood, but those who are close to your heart.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happiness. Narciso is reminiscing about all the good times he had at home. His parents were very friendly and warm, treating everyone like family. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says, "My parents came to this country with such courage, but didn't understand the language or culture." That's true happiness. Narciso and his family have a good attitude and just want to be friends with everyone.
The mood of the story is different throughout the memoir. In these parts, he talks about his efforts from Cuba to @LOCATION1 with a sad heart. But his mood is different when he talks about the fact that his family sometimes throws Cuban parties for relatives arriving at @LOCATION1 from Cuba.
In the memoir "@PERSON1 from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives." I believe author Narciso Rodriguez expresses the laid-back mood very accurately. This memoir doesn't sound very formal because Narciso did little things like adding parentheses and examples to the @NUM1 paragraph. And so openly about his friends and family. That's why my @PERSON1 memoir "Narciso Rodriguez From Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives". @CAPS1 Laid-back mood.
There are many times in a memoir that the author creates a mood. At one point, the author created a mood when describing a traditional Cuban family. The kitchen is the heart of the home. When Cuban music mixes with the aroma of the kitchen. This exudes a craving for good food. Another time the author creates emotions is when he describes how he lives in a tight-knit community. This shows how the author helps people grow. while getting help. It gives a feeling of wanting to help those in need. The third time the author creates an emotion is when he describes his parents as loving people. His family always helped those whom they considered family. This creates a mood of hope, because his family knows others will do the same thing for them. Obviously, a lot of time will create a mood for the reader.
The emotions created by the author in this memoir are heartwarming and touching. There are so many parts of this story that make me feel so warm and make me want to say "ah". For example, in paragraph @NUM1, it states that "this is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to people, not their own kind, who clearly need it". This line shows me how much love there must be. Also, everyone cares about everyone else. You can see how grateful the author is when she shows how her parents left their country to come to @LOCATION1 this is very clear in the @NUM2 paragraph, which reads: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and Sacrifice. I think this story made me realize that you need to understand what other people have done for you. This author is very grateful to her parents, and that is very clear in this memoir.
Narciso Rodriguez is so gracious and compassionate, he will never forget his parents risking everything to come to @LOCATION1 so he can live a better life. Narciso recalls how his parents did whatever job they could, "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought of as family because they knew they would do the same for us. " I was in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3 past @DATE1 and I had to stay with this family. This family has been amazing to me and I will never forget their incredible attitude to give me whatever I want. When I read this, this family immediately came to my mind. Narciso's mood is incredibly grateful for a level that most people don't have the chance to experience. Narciso will never forget his parents and the sacrifices they made for him.
The emotion in the memoir is that Narciso thanked his parents for everything they had done for him. So that he can live a better life. He also appreciates that they turned the simple house there into a home. He thought what they did was very brave. Masiso is grateful to his parents. To sacrifice life in Cuba. make his life better.
In the story "Narciso Rodriguez From Home:" a blueprint for our lives. In the story, the little girl lives in a one-bedroom apartment and doesn't call home until she moves into a three-bedroom apartment. She really doesn't know love and cares a little about others. But at the end of the story, she knows the love, saying: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home".
Read this memoir and you will be enlightened. Your feeling is one of sadness. When you feel this, you wonder why they live like this. It also shows that you care about the people who deal with this lifestyle, @CAPS1 For God's sake, be kind to people and don't hate them because what you do affects you too.
The mood given by the author in his memoirs is sweet, loving and grateful. The author uses many loving, gracious words to describe his family, and uses what we paint in an ideal family to create a more colorful image for us to look at. He uses images and sensory language; this helps us feel the warm atmosphere when we read. In the neighborhood where he lives, “…all these cultures are fused together in a great unity and friendship,” which shows how close each is to each other, and how rich the cultures that come together. (¶@NUM1 line @NUM1) @CAPS1, in @NUM3 paragraph, the author explains how grateful he is to his parents who showed him the lessons that became the root of his life. As most children experience in their lives, they are deeply influenced by their parents. For the teachings of his parents to be the foundation of his life, he must have a deep connection with them. When he talks about his home and his..."Parents both share cooking duties and pass on without knowing..." it shows how attentive he is and how much his parents care about having the time. These words create a very sweet, loving and gracious mood for the memoir.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of joy and gratitude. The author is delighted, because in the subsection there are two Narciso saying: "The passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." This shows that this person's childhood has an impact on culture, family, friends , food and smell are happy. This man is very grateful for what his parents did. For example the author says "I am forever grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than what I did. I thank them again and again. But in reality, I can't express how much I feel about being at such a young age. Just this piece of generosity that left a deep impression on me, and a testament to how important it was to family and friends." This shows that the author really appreciates what his or her parents have done for him or her, and he or she really looks back on it now. Very happy, made the mood of the memoir happy and grateful.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness and gratitude, because in the memoir @NUM1 paragraph, when he says "growing up in this environment", I deeply realize that "family" has nothing to do with blood relatives. This means it doesn't matter if you're not related by blood, because it only matters if you love each other and care for each other. Narciso was just saying that he was proud of who he is today and that he loves and respects his culture and that he has people who love him and who love him.
@CAPS1 is trying to create an atmosphere. The atmosphere is seductive, how a family overcomes difficulties together. "Parents welcome other refugees to celebrate their arrival in the country." This shows how open and caring families are.
The emotions created by memoirs are a mixture of happy and unhappy emotions. All is well when they talk about his parents welcoming other imagrents into their home. Their landlord daughter was his first friend. And then how it talks about how their community is full of @ CAPS1 , Hispanic and Italian immigrants and how they live in that community because of racism.
The author creates a cheerful, thoughtful, and very polite mood. Narciso talks about his family and his life! He also talks about how he loves his family and what he does best, like cooking and playing Cuban music.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is pleasant. The author tells us how he loves his Cuban culture. They listen to music, cook and it's just very warm house. The author also loves his family. He doesn't argue with them, they enjoy their time together. I think the author is happy with all the happiness around his house.
Narciso Rodriguez creates a very humble, caring and grateful mood in his memoir. The humility is manifested when he describes his house, while opulent on the inside, but simple and "humble" on the outside. All the warmth and comfort of home packed into a three-bedroom apartment. There is a sense of caring throughout the memoir, with Rodriguez referring not only to his blood relatives, but also to friends and neighbors who he considers "family." For his parents, he said they were "always open and open to their community." Rodriguez expressed his gratitude time and time again, especially in the sixth paragraph. He said, He could never be more grateful for the valuable lessons his parents instilled in him, especially their generosity and sense of community. These three themes set the tone for this memoir.
The atmosphere created by the author is quite comfortable and warm. As the author describes his life growing up at home as a child, he seems to be living a happy life. It paints a simple but very happy mood when he (the author) explains how delighted it is to learn everything from his family. Narciso creates a very lighthearted mood when the author talks about his family and friends coming to dine in the apartment that has been converted into a home. Everyone who came to Rodriguez's house was welcomed and treated as if they were close family. The overall vibe of this memoir is as friendly and welcoming as Rodriguez's home.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he developed a very warm, comforting and happy mood where he grew up. Narciso Rodriguez tells us how his parents came to America, and after a stint in a cramped studio apartment, he was able to move into the three-bedroom apartment where he was born. He talks about how the home is decorated in a traditional style, about Cuban music playing all the time, and how his parents taught him to cook. Rodriguez also spoke to us about his diverse community and how they came together. Everyone cares about each other and they help anyone in need. If someone needs help, they get it, and people make sacrifices for others. The memoir describes Narciso Rodriguez growing up with the love of his family.
The mood the author creates is loving because it speaks to how generous and caring his family is. "...@LOCATION1 graces our table..." This quote gives you an idea of how close everyone is "...Family has nothing to do with blood." Around Narciso @CAPS1 treat him like family. Having lived in this house since he was a child, he learned what family really means. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." In the memoir, you can see how Narciso loved his family and friends. Overall, the main emotion of this memoir is love.
The author uses his way of describing things to create a simple yet peaceful and happy mood. In the @NUM1 segment he describes the home he grew up in the awesome @CAPS1 and it feels like you are there. And the words he uses to describe the community, like hardworking and tight-knit, help set the mood of the story. It reminds you of your own family.
Home is where the heart is. Many people say it, and many more say it. Talks about the importance of family in @PERSON1's non-fiction memoir. Narciso incorporates many emotions into the story and describes them in such a graceful manner. "Friends and celebrations form the living background of our warm home." (paragraf @NUM1) It gives the feeling that for him, home is the safest and happiest place for him. "My parents were always open to the many people we thought were family and had their doors open." (paragraf @NUM2) It feels like his home is a very loving place where anyone they love gets take care of. "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family.'" (paragraph @NUM3). It made him feel like he was never alone because there were always people around him who cared and loved him as much as he loved them. "My parents turned this simple house into a home." (paragraph @NUM3)
The mood created by the author is something that many people do not have. In the selection, Narciso expressed his gratitude to live in the United States as a Cuban. His parents moved to Newark, New Jersey after living in Cuba to better care for their children. Narciso "loves cooking" as he grew up cooking and cooking skills with his parents, he has a passion for Cuban music and "the smell of the kitchen is in the air". For Narciso, the family he grew up in has nothing to do with blood, more like someone you think is like family. For Narciso, he couldn't show the gratitude and generosity he received at such a young age. And he understands the importance of family and friends.
The atmosphere created by the author is very good. He did it to Narciso very happy and proud to have grown up in Cuba. He did too, so Narciso is grateful for everything. For example, "My parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills, as well as a love of cooking that still lives on today (for which I am grateful). The mood the author created was good mood.
The mood is very loving and happy. The way he talks about the community he grew up in, everyone is so close. Than how he talks about how caring and selfless his parents are. His gratitude makes the memoir very happy.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of joy and gratitude. He is grateful that his parents gave up everything they had in order to give him a better life. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their families, friends, careers and the country they loved," he wrote in his memoirs. Happy because he has the opportunity to live a better life and he has learned the true definition of family. All in all, the mood for this memoir is one of joy and gratitude.
A lot of different things in a good mood. But mostly the mood is love. I think it's mainly because at the beginning and end of the memoir, Narciso talks about how kind and sweet and caring his parents were. For example, in paragraph @NUM1 he says "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, knowing that they will do the same for us." In that sentence, You can see Narciso's parents always welcome people into their house.
In the story, Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The Blueprints of our life, the memoir @CAPS1 created by @CAPS2 is a very soft @CAPS1 because they both love their lives so much like @CAPS2 in the @NUM1 segment Said: "My parents welcomed other refugees to the country in this simple house, where I celebrated my first birthday. In this humble house, in the warmth of the kitchen, Cuban (Although a thrifty Cuban), there was always not just smell, music, but life and love in the air. It was here that I learned the true definition of "family". For this, I forever Will never forget that building towards the classy neighborhood or where I learned so much about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned their humble house into a home.
In the memoir, the author creates an emotion of gratitude. I know this because in the memoir it says, "But really, I can't express how grateful I am for the generosity that left me at such a young age and the testament to how important family and friends are." This evidence shows how Narciso Rodriguez is grateful for this memoir. His parents taught him how to love his culture, (for which I am forever grateful). "The way the author uses words and uses them shows that the mood of the memoir is grateful.
Narciso Rodriguez's @CAPS1 from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives created a very optimistic mood. Narciso describes how he and his "family", which included foreign neighbors, overcame adversity even "in an age of widespread racism and segregation in America." In addition, he described how his neighbors lived together like family despite their different cultural backgrounds. Finally, he describes all the memories and celebrations that helped transform his house from a living space to a place of love and friendship. It's easy to see that Narciso loves his family and friends equally in a way that has shaped his life.
As I celebrated my first birthday, my parents welcomed other refugees in this simple house to celebrate their arrival in the country. I'm in the warm kitchen of this humble house, where the Cuban feast always fills the air with more than just scent and love. It was here that I learned the true definition of family, and I will never forget that house or it, and I will never forget that house, or its gracious neighbor, or where I learned how to love Many things, I will never forget this house.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is a costume designer who grew up in @LOCATION1 with all the different immagrets. Its mood is that home is not a physical space, but a relationship. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives." (@NUM1). He has one: "A tight-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants..." (@NUM1). I think if Narciso hadn't grown up with these people, he would have been a costume designer.
The emotion the author creates is gratitude. Narciso He is grateful that his parents sarrifice live at @LOCATION1. It gave him a better life. The author wrote: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. In addition, he admires their strength and their perseverance. In writing, I often tell them about my admiration for their strength and perseverance..." @CAPS1, He said he will never forget how his parents turned the house into a home. This is the mood the author creates in his memoirs.
The @CAPS1 created by the author in his memoir is common because in the story (Narciso Rodriguez) he explains his life to the readers, he explains how they lived in Cuba, then to America, and the boy also explains how he loves him Home, and American celebrations and traditions, the boy speaks in the same tone because he's really explaining now what he liked at the time, hearing what he liked, so there's no anger in this story.
In this article, the author has a feeling of joy and pride. He likes where he comes from. Where he grew up is mostly the life his parents provided him. He adores his parents and is grateful. They turned the house into a home. They didn't have thousands of happiness, all they needed was each other...and they did. He is who he is, which makes him incredibly proud of his life and family in Cuba.
The author's mood is that @PERSON1 is very grateful for his education and growth in @LOCATION1. And his parents and their cooking skills. The mood is love and greatness.
The mood in this memoir is very happy. It kind of shows how lucky we are by hearing them in @LOCATION1. The mood is also happy.
@PERSON1 used a very pleasant tone and mood when talking about his home. ... passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking, which I still do today (for which I am forever grateful). Narciso is delighted that he learned to cook so well in his childhood. “Here, in the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our warm home” (@NUM1). So happy to make @CAPS1 such a warm home. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@NUM2). Narciso sums up his entire article in one sentence, creating a homely feeling for most people. In my house, I can feel what Narciso does, because it's not your way of life, it's your way of life. "
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood is calm and they are happy. I think it's because they mostly talk about the good things of childhood. They also said how much they loved their family. You can't be happy if you didn't love or have no family as a kid, they are. My last reason is that they are so grateful for their home and how their parents turned it into a home. That's why I think the author's mood is happy and peaceful.
I think the mood is happy because when she talks about his cooking skills and how she listens to cubin music in pertheisis, it says something that I still love today. When she said our house became home, I think they were happy to settle down, it wasn't stressful and everyone seemed comfortable. She kept saying how grateful she was to have such good parents and a good house. It made me think she must be very happy with her family, house and life. She must be happy with her life at @LOCATION1
The mood in this memoir is positive and caring. This story is getting attention because they @CAPS1 all of them stay there and they will help them until these people can move. The story is positive because parents always love to cook because it's their favorite thing to do and they're always happy @CAPS2 that's the mood in this momoir
The artistic conception created by the author is a happy reflection memoir of family life in the author's growing up. It talks about how warm and caring the author's family is, and how it came to be. The author sets the mood in the background by talking about what's going on in the family "Our traditional Cuban family, the heart of which is the kitchen." Author With "passionate Cuban music mixed with the aroma of the kitchen," her family's love of cooking and the happy mood of the house are told. The author also talks about a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who ** in their surrounding homes, friends who look out for each other, knowing that anyone would do the same for them. The author was able to stay in a good mood in his memoir by talking about how he will be "forever grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" @CAPS1, a loving story about @PERSON1's childhood.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez in the book Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the author is very happy and grateful. I know he's having fun in this memoir because in the @NUM1 paragraph he wrote: "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not only with Fragrance and music, and life and love." This is the happy environment in which the author grew up. The author is also very grateful to his parents. I know this because in the @NUM2 paragraph he said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. This shows the emotion the author felt growing up.
The mood the author creates is a sense of gratitude for the house and parents. First, his author talks about how her parents gave up everything they had for them. It said: "They came here selflessly, like many migrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their families and the careers in the countries they loved. They are struggling..." That means their parents gave up family, friends and jobs in their beloved country Cuba for him and his sister, so he's very grateful for what they've done for them. Second, his parents showed him two life lessons. The story says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice...I often tell them about their admiration for their strength and perseverance...and testament to the importance of family and friends. These are two of my parents not just Tell me the lessons. They showed me with their life and these teachings have been the foundation of my life. It shows that his parents taught him something important by showing him without telling him. 3rd , he learned the definition of a real family. It said: "This is where I learned the real definition of 'family'. It shows that he has learned the most important lesson in this house. This is emotion and how it manifests.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a very happy, loving, contented mood. This sentiment was created by Narciso, who talks about what a wonderful and happy life his parents have created for him. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, he said "The gathering of family and friends and the endless celebrations that included both form the backdrop for our warm home life. That sounds happy and loving to me. He added: "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, although not necessarily of their own kind, are clearly in need. This is another example of the joyous mood of love in this memoir because he talks about how people can be so helpful and kind to those in need, which makes me very happy that people are. I really enjoyed reading this memoir because it was all about people's love for each other and it created a very happy, lighthearted mood for me.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the emotion the author creates is gratitude. First of all, Narciso loves his parents and is very grateful for everything they do. Rodriguez said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM1). Narciso's parents came to America for him, and he was grateful. Second, he said he had thanked them many times, but he didn't know how to thank them. "I can't express my gratitude for the generous spirit I've been impressed with" (@NUM1), Rodriguez said. He's so grateful he doesn't even know how to put it in words @CAPS1, Narciso knows that even though they only have a three bedroom apartment, he knows it's special. Narciso says, “I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home” (@NUM3). His parents couldn't give him much because they didn't have much money, but to him it meant the world. Obviously, the emotion of this passage is gratitude
The emotions in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir are hopeful, uplifting, caring, grateful, alive, loving and brave. It's hopeful because Narciso's parents have to start their lives with whatever job they can find, and without hope they won't be successful. When they came to @LOCATION1, they had hope for their children for a good and prosperous life. It's also heartening because it's about how their parents came to @LOCATION1 for their kids, who ended up being successful in life and becoming a person. Bringing people together for dinner, providing shelter to those in need, and being ready to meet more people who stumble in their lives and need some comfort shows that parents care for their newborns just as much. Narciso's parents showed him what family and friends are, and what it takes to be courageous and persistent. He is very grateful to his parents for giving him these important life lessons: They not only told him, they showed him their lives, which made it even more effective. They always live their lives at home thanks to the music and aroma in the air and all the people who come for dinner or for a short stay. His parents must have had the courage to give up their life's work and come to @LOCATION1 to give their children a better life and start a new career. Mood is very important to really feel the message of the memoir.
The mood in this memoir is a very lighthearted one. Narciso was always happy at home, there was always the smell of food and his parents cooking. There is always a strong sense of family and house. In the paragraph @NUM1, Narciso says, "Growing up in this environment made me feel that family has nothing to do with blood." What he means is that you don't have to be blood-related. Anyone close enough can be considered family. He also felt that you should always help those in need. These were his parents, who always helped people when they needed them. And always willing to share everything they have. That's the mood instilled in this memoir of family and love.
I think the paragraph @ORGANIZATION1 from The Blueprints of our Lives is very @CAPS1 sentimental because in the paragraph @CAPS6 "I have thanked them many times" I believe that means @CAPS2 is very grateful to her parents for providing that he/she has a nice home. Another reason I think @CAPS3 sentiment is @CAPS1 is because in the story @CAPS3 @CAPS6 "I will never forget my parents turned his simple house into a home I think that means @CAPS3 is @ CAPS8 and that's the sentiment I believe this article is about.
@CAPS1 (in my anticipation) gives a happy mood because even though you have to move @LOCATION1 away from the ones he loves, he still manages to be happy with his family in @LOCATION1
The emotion created by @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 is a happy, loving emotion. The reason I say this is @CAPS3, if you read this you will find that in his home it is all about love and caring. So in the end they went crazy with the Home and @CAPS4 relationship with everyone else. The author's family @CAPS5 It's a mood, a caring mood, in people who they consider family.
In the blueprint for our lives article "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood of the author in the memoir is that he is grateful for what he has got, so the mood is calm and I love me because he grows up and nothing really makes People are excited about what happens in his life He grew up in @LOCATION1 and his parents are from @CAPS1 Parents are great people and always want their kids to have a better life and he is always grateful to his parents , who were the original parents who made his life less exciting and chose love as a mood, because in the article "the air is full of not only the smell of music, but life and love. It was here that I learned the true definition of family, which means that his mood is that he feels loved by his family. That's why quite and love were chosen.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is gentle and proud. The author explained how he feels about his parents according to the @NUM1 paragraph, and he will do whatever it takes to give him a better future. Throughout this memoir, the author is proud to be from Cuba. He takes pride in being Cuban by explaining what he does and what they share with his culture. Last but not least, according to @NUM2 paragraph, he is grateful because through his parents and things from his country, he learned what family really means, he said "...I will never Will forget about that house or its gracious community or the many things I learned about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. Throughout this memoir, the author Both showed pride in where he came from, his parents, his country and his community.
The mood created by the author is sad. Because he was talking about his entire family and his house and how he had so many great memories and his first friend. This mood is sad.
In the story "Narciso Rodriguez", I think the author was very happy and happy at the time. I think he's happy because he sniffs at Narciso's always good mood and the way she always likes to cook with everyone in the kitchen. And how she still loves the ritual songs she sings with her family.
The emotion this author creates is love. This is how he describes the love of his house. "Passionate Cuban music is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Cooking and the music you usually associate with love is happiness. The author also spoke of his "close-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants, They reached out a hand to those who were clearly in need, not necessarily their own kind. "It also shows that the emotion in this memo is love, love for cooking, music and family. Another place to express love in the memo is this line. "My parents always have a lot of love for what we consider family to be." People open their arms and open their doors because they know they will do the same for us. "It shows love because even though these people are not related by blood, they still look after each other, knowing they have someone to lean on. The obvious emotion in this story is love, and family has a lot.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. In paragraph @NUM1. It says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, form the living background of our warm home." That means, as long as you respect your friends With your loved ones, there will always be love and happiness in your home. Life will be fine.
In the memoir, the author creates an atmosphere of love and community. In the second paragraph, the author describes his childhood home in terms of tradition, enthusiasm, and congregation. These words set the tone for the rest of the memoir, where love helping the community is a key theme. It made me feel like even a complete stranger I could walk into their home and be welcomed with open arms. These themes are reinforced in the final sentences as the author concludes talking about his gracious neighbor and how he learned to love.
The mood created by the author is happiness and gratitude. I am very grateful for reading this. The author thanked his parents many times. He talked about how he learned to cook from his parents and said in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2 "I am forever grateful for this", "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." I think that in the memoir Those specific quotes show the author's gratitude. Reading this, I am grateful for what I have and remember all the sacrifices and sacrifices my parents made for me. I also think this sentence in paragraph @NUM3 supports the author and hope you feel grateful. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life." I also feel blessed because the author looks back on his life and says, "I will never forget that my parents were How to turn this humble house into a home." This brightened my mood.
Mood is a feeling of warmth and happiness. The home in it is safe and one of those happy perfect homes. There is no problem. But this is a caring home with many friends and family for a long time.
The mood they create is to be happy for what he has. "In our neighborhood, despite having clothing elsewhere, all their cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." Quote @CAPS1 on how the author sees different cultures coming together.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, @CAPS1 Rodriguez, the mood @CAPS2 creates is astounding. First, in the page @NUM1 paragraph @NUM2 Rodriguez wrote, "I won't know my 'real' grandparents... leave Cuba." Here, Rodriguez is talking about how she's real at @CAPS2 Grandparents never ate them until they left Cuba in 1970. It's important because early in the memoir, she said @CAPS2 surrogate grandparents (Sergio, Edelmira) came to dinner. To sum up, in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the mood created by @CAPS2 is astounding, @CAPS2's real grandparents came to @ORGANIZATION1 in 1970. She wanted to write this article because she wanted to teach readers about real family dishonesty.
The mood the author creates is one of love and care. In the second paragraph, he describes the house as having the rich culinary delights of his parents, passionate Cuban music, and a warm home filled with the aroma of the kitchen. He told them that their house there also hosted many of the immigrants they had invited there until they could leave or find a place to live on their own. He described family as having nothing to do with blood relatives, where everyone was family and they cared about each other and anyone in need. Finally he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into such an advanced house. A home.” He recounts how they taught him love and the true definition of family, and he describes the house there as a warm house.
The emotions created by the author in the memoir are about love and happiness, and how family members become friends. In his memoir, he explained how his parents gave up everything for their child and his life. How they had to change everything they did in Cuba. Like work, in Cuba his father had worked in a laboratory and his mother had studied chemical engineering, and they might have to give it up. This is the mood the author creates in his memoirs.
The mood of this memoir is one of gratitude and satisfaction. Author @CAPS2 expressed this sentiment with a quote quoted by @CAPS1. "I was born in this simple house, in a two-family golden brick building in the Tin District of Newark, NJ." @CAPS2, the author doesn't care much about the look, price, or location of the house. "It was here that I learned the true definition of family...[It] has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 Thank you to everyone @CAPS1 now considers his "family." In addition, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice...they came selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children". @CAPS2 is in the quote that @CAPS1 is grateful for! The author also put some phrases in parentheses just to add a little extra, "(I'm forever grateful after that)", "(I like it to this day)". Those shows @CAPS1 happy and grateful for his life and finally quote @CAPS2 his "family" members are all grateful to each other. "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, are clearly in need."
The atmosphere created by @CAPS1 is friendship and love. When @CAPS1's parents moved to the US, they created a traditional home. The hard part is the kitchen. "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." Childhood, friends and family form the backdrop of their lives during the kitchen celebration. @CAPS1 learned that "family" has nothing to do with blood. The community that @CAPS1 lives in is made up of many different cultures, but they blend together to form a small community of honest, hardworking immigrants who help others in their own time of need. “My parents were always open and open to the many people we considered family.” Many immigrants gave up their lives in Cuba and moved to the U.S. to give their children a better life, even if they didn’t know the language or culture . For this reason, @CAPS1 will always be grateful to her parents. The love and sacrifice of her parents for her as a child, and the importance of her family and friends, cannot express her gratitude. @CAPS1 states "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home." They didn't just change it, they did it through love and friendship.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are love and caring. Throughout the memoir, speaker Narciso Rodriguez repeatedly shows what his family did after immigrating to their loved ones from their native Cuba. As he said, his parents always had their arms and doors open to the many people they considered family because they knew they would do the same for them. They left their families, friends and careers in the country they love and care about their children's future. Still, "they struggled both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for their home tropics and facing cultural hardships. They had to do what they thought was best for their children. " Their simple house is the perfect place for their family to be together. "In this humble house, the warmth of the kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life and love". This memoir led me to connect this family to the mine and how similar it was. There is no family without love, which is why at the end of the word "family" the i, l, y stand for "I love you".
This memoir gave me a warm and comfortable feeling. When it talks about a family that is more than just people you are related to by blood, I think of my friends and people I can count on. They are my family too. He also talked about how a house doesn't have to be home, it's not something or someone without memories, your family, and your trust. Finally, he told us how great it was for his parents to bring him to a community he would soon learn to love. This piece made me think and appreciate my family and my home.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. very good mood. Explain how he lives in @NUM1 realities. Let your family live with you until they get back on their feet. Have family by your side. Realize that you have turned your "house into a home". Including endless celebrations, all form the backdrop for their warm home life. "They come here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love." "The Barrier to Work Big and tall, both my parents admit they may not be able to get the kind of jobs they deserve." "In Cuba, Narciso, Sr.. worked in the lab, and Rawedia Maria studied chemical engineering." @LOCATION3 , they have to start their lives completely over and do whatever jobs they can find. The belief that this struggle will lead them and their children to better times motivates them to endure these difficult times. "That's what the author of the memoir thinks.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are love, care and gratitude. Throughout the memoir, the author keeps referring to her gratitude to her parents. and how much she loves them. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," she said. By what the author meant, she thanked her parents for loving her, giving up their home, work, and friends, all of which gave her a better life. She also said, "What they (her parents) did was a braver thing than I was." Narciso said that it takes a lot of work to go to an unknown future, and she is very grateful to her parents for what she did. Citations reflect the love, care, and gratitude the author expresses in his memoirs.
The emotions are mixed and it's really hard to tell with all the emotions the author throws out. But the strongest feeling is unity, and family. I'm not sure if family can be called one emotion, but I think it can be described by several. One of course is unity, or as he puts it, "great unity and friendship", compared to other cultures, family comes from blood, family always comes first. So in a way I think his way of thinking comes from his culture. But he's also a little sad, but overall seems very grateful for what he has. As they say "Happiness is nothing without appreciating it" and as he says "I learned the true definition of family" so apparently he knows true happiness
The emotions created in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" are happiness, peace and gratitude. Narciso thanked his parents for all the sacrifices they had made for him and taught him that the overall tone of his memoir was translated into a happy and peaceful mood. Narciso writes, "The innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the background of life in our warm homes." The tone of the sentence is calm and friendly, as Narciso explains He lives happily at home. It builds the memoir's peaceful atmosphere by saying his house is "warm" for family and friends to celebrate. Narciso went on to explain, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family. Here, Rodriguez adds to the calm by talking about generosity and caring for family. It's family. The thought fueled his loving childhood. When Narciso thought his parents had given him a better life, the mood turned to gratitude, despite the hard work and conditions they had to endure. He said he "couldn't express it" [His] gratitude for the spirit of generosity impressed [him]" and "demonstrates the importance of family and friends. "The concepts of family, love, and generosity that Narciso learned from his parents formed the basis of the affectionate, joyful, and peaceful emotions in his memoirs, as well as his life.
The author creates a tone of authenticity, gratitude, and pride in his memoir. "Passionate Cuban music...the aroma of the kitchen is in the air. Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations...make up our warm home. life context” (@NUM1). The previous quote, found in paragraph @NUM1, describes the pride and gratitude of the family where the author lives. Memoirs create the family love that everyone craves for their entire lives. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children" (@NUM3). Anyone who can make such a sacrifice for a better life for his family is a good person. This is what I describe as selfless and loving family love for your family. Another emotion created in the memoir is pride in the sacrifice of family members. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice, and I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did" (@NUM4). That's a quote from @NUM4 paragraph. It shows that you have to thank people for the sacrifices they made for you. All these make up the quality of a good family life.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very happy, because the atmosphere is full of family and friends, but also full of joy and happiness. Considered to be everyone's family, even if the times weren't the best for everyone, his parents gave up a lot so he could live a good life at @LOCATION1. He is very grateful to his parents for bringing him to @LOCATION1 so he can have a good life even if he has to leave his life in Cuba to come here to find him. This is the mood created by the author in his memoirs.
The mood this memoir creates is one of lighthearted caring. Several parts of this work underscore this sentiment. The author often writes about how he loved his parents for their selflessness. This emphasizes the mood, he repeats it many times, and repetition also helps build the mood. The last thing that helps lift the mood is how he describes how everyone in his neighborhood is kind to each other. All in all, there is a lot of emphasis on relaxing, caring emotions in this work.
Within the walls of narciso, where her young parents created the traditional @CAPS1 home with a kitchen. Narciso's parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on a wealth of culinary skills to Narciso, who loves to cook. The rather rural narciso community consisted mainly of Spanish-Italian immigrants and was racist at the time. Her parents came here selflessly, as some immigrants would do, to give their children a better life. They sacrificed their family friends and careers and in the county they came from I think her memories are wonderful and happy because with those memories she knows what her family went through.
The mood created by the author is love from family The author describes "the love of (Cuban) cooking that still accompanies me (the author) to this day" and the "passionate Cuban music that I (the author) still enjoys today". The author got this love from his parents. Another way the author creates the emotion of love is by talking about his "parents who were always there with open arms and open doors". I know it takes a lot of effort to get anyone into your home. At this point in the story, the authors speak very lovingly. The author also said that he "will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This also sets the mood of the story as they talk about a love relationship. The emotion the author sets in the story is love. I think it's a good storyline.
I think the emotion the author creates is gratitude to the parents. Narciso Rodriguez wanted to tell his parents how special they were to him and how grateful he was for what they did for him. In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez says, "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again." I think in this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez Hope readers understand how he feels about his family. He wanted to tell us what they did for him. Narciso thanked his parents for their sacrifice, and I think by telling us his story, the emotion created was a sense of gratitude to the parents who made him "home."
In this excerpt from Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, @PERSON1 talks about what "family" really means and builds a feeling of gratitude. . Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of life in our warm homes. " In this passage, @PERSON2 is building his appreciation for the culture of his family. He is grateful that food and music have entered his life now. My parents came to this country with such courage without any language or Knowledge of culture. Like many immigrants, they come here selflessly to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and career behind in the country they love. They are personally struggling financially and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for their home tropics and facing cultural woes." This quote explains how much @PERSON1's parents have paid for his well-being. They left everything and everyone they loved, basically a chunk of them, for which he was so grateful.
@CAPS1 in @CAPS2 is different and out of place from others I've heard. I believe @CAPS1 that @CAPS3 is trying to create is joyful, selfless and grateful. I think it's because he describes his parents as selfless and brings everyone into their tiny apartment. I also think he's taking consolation by saying that his first birthday with his parents is what @CAPS1 I believe @CAPS3 is trying to create.
c. Emotions in this passage Narciso Rodriguez's home, nationality, and his family. He often talks about his nationality. He's proud to be born in Cuba and isn't afraid to speak out. He is also married. He lives at @DATE1's. In the United States. He also talks a lot about his @NUM1 bedroom apartment in Newark, NJ. He also likes to talk about his crazy new friends here. And his family. It was also Narciso's childhood. His neighbors are made up of Cubans, and @CAPS1. That is the memoir of this passage.
The mood in the memoir is grateful. It is grateful in several ways. One way is in paragraph 6 where he says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they do is braver than I do. I often tell them about the power I have for them And admiration for perseverance, I thank them again and again." It shows how grateful he is to his parents for moving to @CAPS1 from Cuba. Another way is in the @NUM1 paragraph where he says "My parents both shared cooking duties and passed on to me unknowingly, their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking is still with me to this day (I’m forever grateful for that.) Passionate Cuban music (which I appreciate to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen.” This shows how grateful he is to his parents for their Cuban culture, especially Their culinary skills passed on to him. Here are some reasons why the mood of the memoir is grateful.
In Narciso Rodriguez's Narciso Rodriguez, the mood the author creates in his memoir is grateful. Narciso thanked her parents for their support and love. When he talks about his feelings for his parents, he says "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice" (Rodriguez, p.@NUM1). The phrase "thank them for their love and sacrifice" shows that they have been by his side throughout his life. They don't just tell her what to do, they show her. When he talks about the @NUM2 lessons he learned from his parents, he says "they used their lives to show me these teachings that have always been the foundation of my life" (Rodriguez, p.@NUM1). The phrase "the foundation of my life" shows that they taught him how to live (the basics of life). They also showed him what family means. He didn't just think family was about blood, "it was here that I learned the real definition of 'family'" (Rodriguez, p.@NUM4). The phrase "definition of family" shows how grateful he is that they have taught him what family means to them. In conclusion, the sentiment of this post is grateful.
The mood the author creates in the memoir is one of joy, because in the memoir, Narciso is happy with what her parents have done for her, and the community is at peace, with everyone reaching out to help those in need.
This memoir looks back on his childhood with a loving heart that I call nostalgia. Yes, the author creates a lighthearted mood by talking about his childhood home, friends and family. But...the whisfulness only lasted until the end of @NUM1's segment...after which it turned into a wonderful mood, where he expressed his gratitude and described his parents' experience. If it's possible to have two emotions, this memoir will do it. Emotions are both uplifting and uplifting. Yes.
Both the author and the memoir are in a good mood. The author is very grateful to his parents. He thanked his parents for giving up their lives for him. They moved from their country so he could grow up in @LOCATION1. His parents quit their jobs to give everything for him. He is also very grateful to his extended family and friends. They are the people with whom he eats, plays, etc. He takes care of them and they take care of him. They were his surrogate grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins and friends. He is also very grateful for his culture. All his food and traditions come from Cuba. The author is great.
The emotions the authors create in their memoirs are so sad and happy that they are intrigued. I think this memoir is good and I like the name Narciso Rodriguez.
The mood created by the author is both @CAPS1 and love. At first the sentiment created by the author was @CAPS1. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "they are struggling both personally and financially." Narciso explains the tragedy his parents had to deal with to keep him in @LOCATION1. So by reading excerpts based on the poverty and struggles his family faced, you will grow for them @CAPS1. I also chose love. noted in the excerpt. "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family.' For that, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." @ CAPS3 excerpt author explains the love he learned to form for the "family" @CAPS3 neighborhood. So I think love is another mood created by the author. That's why I chose @CAPS1 and liked the sentiment the author created based on the excerpt.
In this memoir, the mood is created by Narciso and his family. @PERSON2 family, create the atmosphere by bringing all families together in their old home in Cuba and their new home in @LOCATION1. @PERSON2 got him in the mood for this memoir by loving his family and telling them every day that he appreciates what they did for him, he grew up when he was a kid. Also, the @PERSON2 family took people away, they had nowhere to go, they stayed with them until they got back on their feet.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs can be described in a number of ways. The atmosphere created by the author is confusing. Confusing because I've seen more than one too many times. Some of them are happy, proud, sad and others. This is because the memoir talks about the life of Narciso Rodriguez. The mood created by the author is too much to describe.
The author created @CAPS1 but happy mood and shows @CAPS1 part and happy part in @CAPS2 about a boy whose parents immigrated. His house is where he grew up, and his parents brought it a Cuban flavor.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness, because in most of the passages he talks about how much he loves his parents and his Cuban culture. Narciso talks about how his parents turned his everyday house into a home. That's why I think Narciso is having fun in this memoir. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "Within the walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the heart of which is my kitchen."
The author is very happy and satisfied with the family he has and wants his family to do. The author appreciates what his parents did to his other parents who immigrated from Cuba. He dedicated what he learned about cooking, etiquette and friendship to his parents. The authors "admired their strength and perseverance, and thanked them many times." Overall, the authors don't have a better family than this, and they showed them how to live, and that's what a family should accomplish.
Narciso Rodriguez from Hometown: The Blueprint for Our Lives shares the feelings, traditions and love he shared with his family growing up. Narciso and his @CAPS1 and father are Cuban. They share Cuban traditions with each other and are hospitable to each other and to others. Narciso's family is generous to others and shares it with everyone. They are nice to each other and live a traditional @CAPS2. Narciso emphasizes an emotion in his memoir.. the love and meaning of family.
In this memoir, it talks about what selflessness and home really mean. At the beginning of the memoir, they talk about how their parents knew about life's struggles. And will invite people into their homes until they get back on their feet. Parents won't be able to afford a decent house for at least five years. Even though his parents left Cuba, they still worked hard to keep all their Cuban traditions. His parents loved to cook and taught Narciso how to cook. They also play traditional Cuban music. Furthermore, they taught him to be selfless. Even if they are not of the same race, they invite people over because it doesn't matter to them.
The emotions created in this memoir are love and unity. (@CAPS1 @NUM1) "...all of these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." That means they are close, loving, and united. This memoir makes me feel that only a house is not a home unless there is love. "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen". It also gave me a feeling of warmth and love.
It seems to me that this mood was created by the author in the memoir by setting and describing her childhood, where she was born and why her parents came here. I think it's because emotions can create the scene, because emotions are feelings in a story, like sadness, happiness, loneliness, silence, etc., that's what creates the scene, where, when, and when it happens. story. Some examples in the excerpt are, "I was born in 1961 in this simple house, a two-family building in the Ironbound district of Newark, NJ." Also, "Growing up in such an environment , made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." The author is very grateful for her Cuban heritage, and her home is about relationships, not just spaces. In this memoir, emotions create the environment.
I especially like this memoir. The author does an excellent job of creating a feeling of love and comfort when telling his story. The first sentence that stood out to me was in the @NUM1 paragraph: "Passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." For me, this sentence is Make people feel comfortable and at home. It brings out a sense of family in the story. When the author talks about his family, the story of @NUM2 paragraphs is easy to feel loved. Especially the author once said "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us. Family loves everyone and uses their love to help People who are struggling, or people who just want to go and see, get back on their feet, stay home. This story is really filled with dozens of examples of love and comfort, and I really enjoyed reading it.
Mood is a family trying to move from their home country to a new country to start a new life
The author is very proud of the mood he creates in this memoir. I could see the mood at the time because he was always talking about his parents and how they gave up so much to come here. For example in paragraph @NUM1 it says: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture...to give their children a better life, even if it meant Leave their family, friends, work in a country they love." I can @CAPS1 be proud of this because he's talking about how his parents basically left him everything. Also, he mentioned how his parents opened their arms to those in need, even if they were the richest. He cites numerous examples throughout the memoir that powerfully demonstrate his emotions in this memoir, pride
@CAPS1 creates a happy atmosphere in @CAPS2. He recounts memories of children who made him happy. He mentioned his love of cooking with his parents. He also mentioned that the music is passionate and he still loves it to this day. He also describes how good his community is and how tight-knit they are. He then went on to explain that a lot of his family was not only related by blood, but other people as well. He then explained that his parents were very self-sacrificing people. So @CAPS1 wrote @CAPS2 in a very good mood.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author expresses very strong emotions associated with the work. Emotions used to create emotions include passion, unity, and gratitude. The emotions of this memoir are full of passion. Narciso talks about his family's passion for Cuban heritage and how they share it with him. That's an important part of turning that house into a home, and therefore part of the emotion that Rodriguez wanted to express. "...my young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland...love of cooking...passionate Cuban music..." (Rodriguez, @NUM1 ). I can also feel a sense of unity that the author is trying to portray. ".. family and friends gathering..." The author mentioned many times that he and his parents always let distant relatives stay at home, and many friends and relatives came to eat with them. The author even describes his community as "...a tight-knit community..." (Rodriguez, @NUM2). Finally, gratitude runs along the spine of this piece. The author notes that his parents were an important part of his life, exposing him to his culture, his family and friends, and their home. He didn't even have to write how grateful he was, it was so obvious. "I will forever be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." (Rodriguez, @NUM3). The author creates an emotion of passion, solidarity and gratitude. All these emotions are evident in the text.
The mood created by @CAPS1 is happy. He has no negative comments about his parents or the way he was raised. His parents sacrificed everything for him so that he could have a better life. The feeling of his home is also reflected in the mood. In the @NUM1 paragraph, a warm and safe environment, it said: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, the endless celebration of both, make up the life of our warm house Context." @CAPS2 can really see that he loves his home and family and reflects on his emotions.
Growing up in this environment, I have a strong feeling that "family" has nothing to do with blood. Quite the contrary, our community is mainly composed of Hispanics.
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is happy, like family. The author goes to describe his family, they are full of love, but poor. His family supported him growing up in a happy and loving home. They cooked delicious food and invited relatives to dinner. The author shows that no matter how rich or poor you are, you can still have a close-knit family.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir will be described as joy and gratitude. I say this because the author talks about how caring and selfless his parents were. They always help those in need. The author loves how he grew up in Cuban culture and he will never forget it. He said it was a house he would never forget.
The author creates the mood that he is really happy that his parents moved to the US to live with friends and family because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "Countless extended family members come and go - there are always people who live temporarily with us."
I think the mood the author creates in his memoir is joyful, proud and grateful. I think the writer made the memoir happy because he said his parents were kind and they worked hard and that made him happy. I think another emotion is that he is proud. He said (in the @NUM1 paragraph) that growing up in his environment still felt like a family. His family welcomed other refugees from Cuba to celebrate their arrival in the country. Thanks to his upbringing, he learned the true definition of family. I think the last emotion the author created was that he was grateful. He said in @NUM2 paragraph: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. He thanked his parents and how they "turned a simple house into a home" (@NUM3 paragraph). This is how I feel (s ) are in the memoirs.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, "@PERSON1 from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives," he creates an atmosphere for readers. The emotion or feeling created in the story is primarily love. There are many words in the memoir that express the feelings of love. For example, in the second paragraph, the author talks about the simple apartment he and his parents live in, which is a great place. He does this because he is very grateful to his parents because he loves them. This quote: "And unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking, and I still do today (for which I am forever grateful)." @CAPS1 people @MONTH1 not right Simple things like cooking are grateful, but Narciso loves his parents so much that even the little things they do for him make him very happy. Rather than calling Sergio and Edelmira our neighbors living below us, call them surrogate grandparents. This shows that they are very popular with Narciso. Paragraph @NUM1 says, "Countless extended family members come and go, and often someone is with us temporarily." This expresses an emotion of love, as neighbors are also called family. Also, Narciso's parents allowed them to live with them because they loved them and cared deeply about them. In the @NUM2 paragraph it says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Narciso considers what his parents have done in their lives to be an amazing thing because he loves them so much. Emotions of love were expressed when reading this memoir.
In this memoir, the author creates a sense of gratitude. @PERSON1 thanks to his parents for their selflessness and his heritage. He loves his native Cuba. @PERSON1 also thanks his grandparents. He loves his home in @LOCATION1 and is grateful for growing up in @LOCATION1. He is also grateful that his grandparents came to @LOCATION1.
There is a mood created by the author in the memoir. One way to create this mood is to explain how the warm life in the narrator's home is created. "Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This helps create the mood of the memoir, Because it explains how the narrator grows. Another way to create emotion is to show how caring and selfless the narrator's parents are. "I'll never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) This brings a lighthearted mood to the memoir. A third way to create emotions is to show how friendly everyone is. "In our neighborhood, despite the customs everywhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." The narrator explains how friendly and open everyone in the neighborhood is. As you can see, the author of the memoir created a late mood in the memoir.
In the memoir, the author's tone is loving. The way he describes his Cuban heritage and culture is full of Cuban pride. In a @LOCATION1 two, he said he is forever grateful to his parents for the "rich culinary skills and love of cooking" passed on to him. Then at the end of @LOCATION1 7, his tone was loving and grateful again. It's obvious in the last sentence. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, by Home: The Blueprints of our Lives, the author creates a mood of joy. The emotions are happy because everyone in the memoir is enjoying their life and they have nothing to worry about. As explained in the memoir, even when @PERSON1 and Rawedia had to start over with their lives completely, they didn't hesitate. Their families were happy, they attended the party, and as the @NUM1 paragraph said, they "always opened their arms and doors to the many people they considered family." In this memoir, Narciso enjoys his own life and look up to what his parents did for him. In the @NUM2 segment, Narciso laments that he will never forget how his parents turned that humble house into a home, and their happiness is reflected in this memoir.
In the story I just read, "Narciso Rodriguez", I thought that the emotions given by the author would be passion, greatness, and joy. I think the author is passionate because he talks about home being more than just a roof over your head, it's where your heart is. "My parents always open doors for a lot of people they think are family. I think that's passionate, because in order to do these things you have to be very caring and lovable. I think the author shows greatness because he says he always appreciates the sacrifices his parents made to make his life better at @LOCATION1. Although I have said it many times, it is not enough to prove how grateful he is. His parents converted a three-bedroom apartment into what he now calls home, and that's what made him great. I think Narciso is happy that he had the opportunity to spend his childhood at @LOCATION1 but still embrace the cultural heritage about Cuba. He is now a fashion designer. All in all, these are the three emotions I think Narciso gives in the story.
In Home's memoir Narciso rodriguez, the atmosphere that @CAPS1 created in the memoir is that growing up in this environment made me feel deeply that "family" has nothing to do with blood. They used their lives to show me that these teachings have always been the foundation of my life. But really, I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity and the importance of family and friends that left me at such a young age. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
The author does an excellent job of creating many emotions in this memoir. An emotion is love. In this memoir, love is a mood as @PERSON1's parents took ten people who needed shelter because they knew those people would do the same for them. Another example of love is when @PERSON1 said in the @NUM1 paragraph, "They came here selflessly, like so many immigrants, to give their children a better life." The memoir also makes people very grateful for what they have Yes, this is another mood. It does this by asking the author to point out how small his house is and how his parents did everything they could to make their lives better. It's really something to look back and see how much their parents did for them.
First of all, the author is happy and excited, but he is also sad that he is moving to @LOCATION1. He was born in 1961, but during that time he met a friend, he was his nanny, she was his first friend, she lived on the stairs, he had a lot of family, but when he moved to @LOCATION1 When his mom and dad took his people and needed a home just before they could get back on their feet, he wanted to meet his grandparents who couldn't leave until 1970. But he told his parents that he would always be grateful for their love and sacrifice, and he often told them what they did was braver than what he did
The mood will be filled with love and care. When @CAPS1 was a kid growing up in @LOCATION2, his parents valued family and friends. They taught him to always help and always keep the door open. “On the contrary, at a time when racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in America, our community was dominated by Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. It was a tight-knit community where everyone knew everyone. No one is a stranger. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us." His parents instilled the importance of family and friends.
The @CAPS1 that the author created in his memoir is very necessary. I say this because I don't like any writing without @CAPS1 swinging. This author does a good job of displaying Narciso Rodriguez's emotions in their story. Where I really like the @CAPS1 swing in the story is between @CAPS2 @NUM1 and @NUM2. I love the change as it goes from talking about the landlord and his daughter to talking about @ORGANIZATION2's parents. I like this because it creates patterns of @NUM3 different contexts on two different @CAPS3 of People. It tells the story of @PERSON1's parents who are immigrants and not well raised, but they want their son to have a better childhood than them. On the other hand, the landlord and his daughter @LOCATION1 are rich and can do whatever they want. I was just struck by how this author changed his mood.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", its mood is happy, to touch someone. In his memoir, he explains some of the things he found interesting and interesting that he still does today "The love of cooking remains to this day (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I love today) )”. "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures are united in friendship", suggesting that the community in which he lives is happy and united. "My parents came to this country with such courage and knew nothing about the cultural language. They came selflessly," indicating that he wanted readers to know how caring and loving his parents were.
In this memoir, @PERSON1 has a warm family vibe. This emotion manifests itself in many ways. One way to describe the emotion is to tell us about @PERSON1's parents. The house is always open, or there are always many people at the table. Another way they portray this sentiment is @PERSON1 saying "I can't express how grateful I am for the generosity of spirit...showing how important my friends and family are. That's how they show warmth The way family is in the mood in this memoir, @PERSON1.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" of Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a mood of love and admiration. For example, "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relationship", which reflects the author's love for everyone. "This environment" refers to friends (who are also immigrants) who often see family members when racism is normal in the US. The author talks about the love and respect everyone in the community has for each other. Another example of sentiment is "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture." @CAPS1 The author talks about his parents' poem with great admiration. I can say he was inspired by them. He also makes readers admire them. All in all, the emotions created in the memoir are love for the community he talks about and growing up in, and admiration for the way he writes about his parents.
Narciso Rodriguez Author Narciso Rodriguez makes @CAPS1 happy and popular. When he talks about different cultures and races coming together and uniting, @CAPS1 welcomes everyone no matter what your race is. He feels happy and welcome when he talks about his culture and house, and bringing people over for dinner every night. His parents showed him how @CAPS1 got him excited as he showed his love for family and culture. This is how Narciso Rodriguez created @CAPS1 in his memoir, by talking about uplifting and uplifting topics.
The mood given by the author through this cave text or memoir is happiness and family. In his memoir, he kept talking about how he valued his family. In paragraph @NUM1 he said "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family'. To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or what I learned there about how So many things to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." The author kept saying how grateful he was to his parents and how much he loved that they were able to give him what they had to offer everything of. That's what he said when he said he could never show what it meant to him. The emotions in the memoir are love, family and happiness.
Moods in memoirs are many things, here are some. First, it gives a warm feeling. It was also a good mood because he said he was grateful. because of what they did for him. In the end, it makes you a little sad because it talks about people in need. It says they love Cuba and want to remember the heritage there. The story brings some emotion.
By writing the story, the author creates a mood full of warmth and comfort. The atmosphere created in this story shows what a family should be like. When @PERSON1 says "they take anyone until they get back on their feet" it shows that they are grateful to their family and that they are very close. This shows that they care for each other by showing love and warmth to the other person to boost emotions. The second way emotions are when he talks about his kitchen and what it means to him. When he talks about his love of culinary skills and cooking, which is still with him to this day, it creates a solemn atmosphere that sets the tone of the story. Third, he talks about his neighbors. @PERSON1 talks about immigrants in the area and how they come together with people from different backgrounds. It shows that they show love for each other and that everyone is the same. It also sets the mood by showing that everyone needs to be nice to everyone. These three sections set the "mood of the story".
I am in a good mood and very happy. In this painting, the mood is calm and positive. It's a happy mood and fulfilling because @PERSON1 is so good about everything.
In "Narciso Rodriguez," the authors talk about the home they grew up in, and the sacrifice and selflessness of their parents. The mood of this story is the author's happiness and truly shows how much their parents love them and what they have done for them. In the second paragraph, when they talk about how they love Cuban music and the culinary skills their parents possessed, those skills are passed on to them and they love it a lot. Another example of the mood of the story is the fourth paragraph, when they talk about all the people they have at the kitchen table and how they are so helpful to the people they meet where they live. The mood of the article "Narciso Rodriguez" is joy and love for all the people this man has ever met in that house.
The mood this @CAPS1 creates is that it reminds the reader of his family and what they sacrificed for you. ot makes you feel warm @CAPS2 It reminds you of family and friends. And your culture. It also makes you @CAPS3 think about all the @CAPS4 your family has to make for you. It also makes you happy @CAPS2 It makes you think about all the fun you have with your family. All in all, it's a great @CAPS5 that sends you a torrent of emotions @CAPS2 It makes you think about the best things on earth, family and friends.
The mood created is happiness and pride. As in @NUM1 paragraph, "honest, hardworking immigrant community". Honesty and diligence are two qualities that must be possessed. In the @NUM2 paragraph, "They came to this country with such courage." @CAPS1, courage is a good quality. So pride and happiness are moods.
The mood is grateful because it shows how grateful he is for his house and all the people who come to be his family.
In this memoir from Narciso Rodriguez, the mood is a loving Rodriguez looks back on all the fond memories @CAPS2 had of himself and his "family" as a child. When living in the new @CAPS1 as a kid, Rodriguez lived in a very loving family, and a very loving community. Rodriguez refers to those who live near him as family, claiming "...'family' has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS2 always has a friend, @CAPS2 considers them "family." His neighbors are full of love, so @CAPS2 is full of love around him. But, of course, @CAPS2 loves his parents the most. In this memoir, Rodriguez thanked his parents for being so selfless and loving him during his childhood. Rodriguez reflects on what a wonderful childhood @CAPS2 was, living in a loving community with parents who loved him so much. In this memoir, Narciso explains what family really defines and thanks his parents for loving him as much as they did.
The emotions that the author creates in his memoirs are very strong. Narciso's emotions are mostly related to his family, friends, and most importantly, his culture. Narciso was very happy and lucky to have been born in the United States and had the opportunity to grow up there. The second Narciso loves his home. He talks about how they turned their New Jersey home into a traditional Cuban home. For example, he says that the kitchen is the heart of his home and that he is very grateful for how his parents taught him how to cook. In the end, his attitude towards friends is that he treats them as his own family. For example, his landlord's daughter often cooks for him. His "real" grandparents weren't his real grandparents either, as they were still in Cuba. These are what create the author's mood in a memoir.
The mood in @PERSON1's memoir is happy, loving, upbeat or lively. Readers see happiness as he explains that many different cultures "come together in great solidarity and friendship" @PERSON1 is glad he grew up here and is delighted with his childhood in this community. The author loves everything about this community. @PERSON1 especially love that there are always people around their table, extended family to see them. @PERSON1's writing is vivid and passionate. The author puts so much happiness, love, and life into his memoirs, which makes it so fun to read and so wonderful to be in the mood.
In the memoir, @CAPS1 created the sentiment that family is the most important thing in life. In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. It means he says he will always love his parents and his family. @CAPS1 tries to say better family More than money because in this memoir it talks about his parents leaving Cuba with no money and no jobs but together they gave them hope and now they live with their family in a house @NUM1. No family life will be more difficult to deal with.
I believe the mood of the memoir is joyful and enlightening. I think it's because @CAPS1 someone imagines poverty or unjust laws in a certain country, and this community or community will lead you into it. This community is made up of Cuban Spaniards, Italians who have all left their homeland to fight for a better life for them, families, for children In short, the mood for this memoir is a joyous one, as it is an illuminating and popular place.
The mood of the author of this memoir is immensely grateful and gratified. He said he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice, and mentioned the struggles they went through, starting with one studio and then moving into three apartments he called home. He explains how his parents started their lives over at @LOCATION1 and needed to take whatever jobs they could find. They were able to endure their hard times, believing that this struggle would help lead themselves and their children into better times. The author admires the strength and perseverance of his parents very much. He learned the true meaning of "family" and how to love. He was truly grateful for what he had, and the generosity and the importance of family and friends taught him by his brave parents became the foundation of his life.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a family atmosphere. Rodriguez talks about family visiting all the time. The memoir states that "thousands of extended family members come and go..." (@NUM1 paragraph). He also explained that family isn't always the one you relate to. Rodriguez says his neighbors are "very united..." (paragraph @NUM1). Rodriguez said he was very grateful to his parents "for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM3 paragraph). Narciso Rodriguez really created an atmosphere of love, care and family.
In @CAPS1 in Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, @PERSON2 created a very unique mood. I think @CAPS1's mood is warm, caring, comforting and very loving. The author's home is very family-oriented, but not just by blood. When "racism became the norm and segregation prevailed," his neighbors were family. @CAPS1 sounds comforting and loving when Narciso Rodriguez describes this. He @CAPS2 "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." This brings a happy, lighthearted feel to the article, and also brought comfort. The mood changed a bit when Rodriguez @CAPS2 "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Now it is admiration, gratitude and compassion. As Narciso Rodriguez describes his parents' struggle to allow him to grow up better than them @CAPS4, you will feel that he is very grateful and loved. The mood at this time is happy, loving, and compassionate This is the mood created by @PERSON2's @CAPS1 in Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives
In the memoir, the author builds up a happy mood as he recalls his childhood home. He only talks about good things and good memories throughout his memoir. He also talks about cherished childhood memories and how good his community and parents were.
The mood in the story is very happy. The author is thinking about all the good times he had growing up. He was talking about how he lived such a good life at home. How his parents got there as immigrants to make a living for themselves and him. Another reason he's in a good mood is because he talks about his family coming to @LOCATION1. He talks about how his parents taught him to cook. He thanked his parents because he was glad they created a family, not just a home.
There is one constant emotion throughout this memoir, and that is happiness. At the beginning of the memoir, @PERSON1 describes his home, how it started to be a wonderful "home". He said it had "passionate Cuban music" and "amazing culinary aromas." Then in the @NUM1 segment, @PERSON1 said "he loves his parents for their love and sacrifice"; he went on to say how grateful he is to them. Finally in the @NUM2 paragraph, he said, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". This is the mood expressed in the memoir.
In the memoir, the author creates many emotions. In the text, the first emotion he creates is caring, because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "thousands of extended family members come and go - often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet. My Parents always keep their arms and doors open to the many people we consider family and they know they'll do the same for us." This shows care because they'll let anyone who is family and doesn't care. The next emotion he showed was gratitude, as in the @NUM2 paragraph he said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice". It was him expressing his gratitude because he said it in the sentence and he also said why he was grateful to them. These are the emotions that memoirs create.
I think it seems to me that the author is very happy with his words and the way he is a person. His parents are originally from Cuba, where @CAPS1 is friendly to the culture. As an example @CAPS2 said my parents welcomed other refugees to this simple house to celebrate their arrival in the country where I celebrated his first birthday.
Their authors create a mood like no other in this memoir. He created a mood that filled @CAPS1 with praise for his parents. He tried to verbalize his @CAPS1 to his parents but couldn't because of all the good times. He created a happy mood that will forever remain in his memory and in the kitchen.
I find the mood of this story warm and loving. Narciso's parents never had a big house in America, but they turned the tiny house into a home. In @NUM1 bedrooms, @LOCATION1's parents' two family home creates a traditional Cuban home. A lot of cooking happens in the house. It must be fun to have family around all the time, all with Cuban music playing in the background. "@CAPS1 air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Narciso makes his home look like a home full of love.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 in the story is happy this is because he had to move to @LOCATION1 and live for a better life. He also loved growing up hearing the Cuban heritage and music "I'm forever grateful" in the @NUM1 segment, which I love to this day.
In this memoir, Narciso calms the atmosphere as he names the music that is playing and all the family members who ate with them. Narciso also talked about how they cook. I found the atmosphere calm because he didn't speak ill of his parents. He only had good things to say about them. This mood can also be grateful, because he appreciates the many things his parents have done for him, such as his love of cooking. He also thanked his parents for leaving Cuba and @CAPS1 all over again @CAPS2 so he can have a good job and a good life. Another possible emotion could be warmth, because Narciso loves his family, and he may have felt the warmth of everyone as they all passed his house.
The emotion @CAPS1 created in his memoir was, thank his parents. In the memoir, @CAPS1 thanked his parents for raising him the way they did. In the article, he thanked them by saying things like "my admiration," "my gratitude," and "generous." All of these statements are true and they reflect his emotions towards his family. In conclusion, emotions are important, however, I choose gratitude because it best reflects how he feels about his family.
Narciso @PERSON1 is so proud that he is a Cuban immigrant and how his parents did so much for him. He realizes (in paragraph @NUM1) that family has nothing to do with blood. And how all cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship when blatant racism is the norm and apartheid prevails in United @ORGANIZATION1. He understood the true meaning of family. How his parents turned an ordinary house into one he loves. He is grateful for how his parents made so many sacrifices to turn something into a lifelong experience he will never forget. He's so happy that this little event has turned into a fond memory, and he can't wait to tell the world.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of happiness, security and caring. Narciso has loving parents and a very tight-knit community. All the descriptions of his home cooking and eating with family neighbors are enough to make anyone happy. Throughout his memoir, Narciso emphasizes parental care. You know Narciso's parents love him because of his attitude towards them. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he wrote, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," showing that they care about him. As the authors write: "In our community, ... all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. It is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who show their appreciation to those who, though not necessarily their own, People of their own kind stretched out their hands, obviously needed.” These two sentences give readers a sense of security and emphasize caring again. This memoir by Narciso Rodriguez creates an atmosphere of happiness, safety and care.
The author of this memoir describes his home in a warm, loving, lively and festive atmosphere. Several times the author uses "warmth" to describe home, such as when he says "the warmth of the kitchen." @CAPS1 Reading this memoir feels like a bright and warm place. Readers will also feel that everyone is caring and friendly, especially when the author talks about how immigrants from different places come together and become good friends. He also said his parents "always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." @PERSON1 depicts a loving home. There is also a lot of life in his house. "Endless celebrations [...] form the backdrop of life in our warm house. He also writes, 'The feast of Cuba [...] always energizes the air, not just smells and music] .” By reading his memoirs, we get the feeling that his home was a great place from his childhood, and that he created an atmosphere that was warm, inviting and festive.
The atmosphere created by the author in his memoirs is very good. This memoir tells how Narciso Rodriguez admired his parents for their courage, selfishness, culture, tradition, strength and perseverance. Narciso said, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents" @CAPS1 also said, "But really, I can't express how grateful I am for the generous spirit that left me at such a young age and testament to the family The Importance of Friends." Not once did the author make any negative comments about his upbringing. The point of the memoir is how @CAPS1 is so grateful for everything his parents have done and sacrificed for him. All in all, the mood the memoirist created was joyous and great.
In the memoir, the author creates a feeling of gratitude and appreciation. Throughout the memoir, Narciso repeats his gratitude for having such courageous parents. For example the first few sentences of paragraph @NUM1, "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly like many immigrants to give their children a better life. life, even though it means keeping family, friends and career in the country they love." It shows how grateful he is to his parents for doing it all just to give him a better life. If my parents did this for myself, I would be as grateful to them as Narciso felt.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir are love, joy and @CAPS1. Love is an emotion because they welcome people and parents in need. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and dedication." @CAPS1 is one of those sentiments, as everyone in the neighborhood gets along well. "In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship."
The mood the memoir creates is exciting because he loves fashion design. He tells the story of clothing design. He was also very happy because he liked the home and turned a simple house into a home. He was sad because he was born in a humble house. He wanted a place to call home.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is very important. He expressed love, appreciation and solidarity. Narciso showed a lot of love not only for his parents but also for his culture. He often says how grateful he is to grow up with Cuban food and music. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, he said, "...passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still enjoy to this day," and, "the passionate Cuban music (I Loved it to this day) full of air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." @CAPS1 He compliments his parents. Narciso often expresses his admiration for their bravery by coming to @LOCATION1. He talks a lot about how they turned a simple house into a home in the @NUM2 segment. In the end, his community is very united because they are mostly Cuban, Spanish or Italian and they tend to stick together. In general, Narciso really understands what the word "family" means.
The mood the author created was joyful and the love of cooking is still with me today (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they do is braver than what I do. They use their lives to @CAPS1 me and these teachings have been the foundation of my life. My parents came to this country with such courage and no knowledge of any language or culture. They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children. The author's mood is happy, and I am grateful that my parents have given the author a better life and left behind.
In @PERSON1 from: Homepage: The author of the blueprint for our lives creates a warm and loving mood. When @PERSON1 talks about his parents and how they "keep their arms and doors open at all times" it creates a feeling of love because if a person is so generous and caring to do so it means they love you and care about you . Also at the end of the memoir, Narciso says he "learned how to love there". @PERSON1 saying this about his house now because his parents were always so optimistic and caring, they showed him what love is. Being loved makes everyone feel good inside.
The mood of the author in the memoir is one of gratitude and gratitude. Narciso's life looks as primitive as anyone else's. They started with a simple house and turned into a warm home. Narciso is grateful to his parents for bringing them to this land of Cuba, selflessly caring for their children and giving them a better life. Although they are struggling, they are also happy. His parents often welcomed neighbors and relatives to dinner. Family For him, he deserves to learn more than just his parents, sisters and brothers. Its neighbors surround you and treat you like family. That's what Narciso Rodriguez thinks it means to have such a home. He is grateful and grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents. He admired the strength and perseverance of his parents. He will never forget the memories of the gracious community his parents turned this simple house into home.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is emotional as he describes his childhood and how he grew up.
Emotions in this story @PERSON1. Moving can be difficult for some, others @CAPS1. Most people hate leaving their @CAPS2, jobs and friends. Others it's a new opportunity to meet new people, get a better job, or get an education at a better @CAPS2. I know it's hard to move from Cuba to the US. That's all over the world, not one town or street. But he made a friend and his parents loved him very much. There is always food on their table, so at least they don't starve. From good jobs to shit, it's one step to move to America. The mood of this story is the love between family and all friends
The authors of the memoir are in a happy mood because they have bought a new house in New Jersey. They had a baby in the house, she @CAPS1 is Narciso and she is @NUM1. The family there is happy. Has parents from Cuba. They live in a nice house with @NUM2 bedrooms. At House, the family is always happy.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very lighthearted. This is reflected in @CAPS1 @NUM1. As noted in @CAPS1 @NUM1 memoir, "The gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that included both, formed the backdrop for a warm family life." This brought to light how their home brought them together in A very peaceful mood together. Another example is @CAPS1 @NUM3. @CAPS1 @NUM3 said, "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." This phrase gives a "welcome home" and The mood of love.
I think I'm in a good mood @CAPS2 @CAPS1 talks about a @PERSON2 named narciso Rodriguez who lives in Cuba and his parents moved to the US so the family can be together, I think @CAPS1 is in a good mood @ CAPS2 This story is a great story of @CAPS3 moving to the US with his parents.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is pleasant and warm. This is manifested in two aspects: the selflessness of parents and the true meaning of family. Author Narciso Rodriguez is forever grateful to his parents for restarting their lives so he can live a good life @LOCATION1 a better life @LOCATION1. He thanked his parents in the @NUM2 paragraph. This gratitude fills the piece with a warm, happy feeling. Throughout the article, Narciso explains to us what family really means "'...family' has nothing to do with blood," he said in the @NUM3 paragraph. In paragraph @NUM4 he explained that family means those who care and care about you and stick with you no matter what. This family feel definitely helps make the piece feel warm and happy.
I think the emotion should be sad for a number of reasons. One reason is that he kept saying that his house wasn't home until the end. Like "I'll never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home. Another reason is that his friends and family are everything to him. Like "...how family and friends are important. Also because he was moving, he had no one. As in "...originated in Cuba, arrived in the United States in 1956.
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoirs is warm and inviting. The author makes it feel like. If I was really near his house. The author takes what most people take for granted and elaborates on it. He makes the mood real, he makes the reader believe they are part of the story.
@CAPS1 created by the author is a warm @CAPS1. He gives past events and creates a tone of contentment. He also uses descriptive language about food, music and family. In the memoir, he said he was very grateful to his parents for their selflessness. In @NUM1, it's "growing up in an environment that gives me a strong feeling that family has nothing to do with @CAPS2's lineage". This shows that the nis family is really good to him now. All in all, he gives a good tone in this story.
The author of the memoir created a very loving, peaceful, happy mood in the story. Always said his house was always packed with friends and family. This brings a very loving vibe to the story and shows how they are with each other. Also, in the @ NUM1 paragraph, it says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop for living in our warm homes." It shows that the family is very loving and warm. In the end, Narciso is in a very good mood throughout the memoir. He always says he's so grateful for what his parents did to move to @LOCATION1 to create a better life for him. That's the mood of the entire memoir.
The emotions in this memoir are very moving and touching. By the way, the author writes about his family @CAPS1 can feel the warmth and love that his family provides him "...my young parents created our traditional Cuban family, the heart of which is the kitchen. I Both parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking to me, which I still do today.” @CAPS1 can say with this quote what Narciso Rodriguez’s parents felt What an impact his life has had. It also explains how sophisticated his parents were and how smart they were. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @PERSON2 loves his family most steadfastly.
Although there is a certain amount of @CAPS1 in @CAPS2 in this story. Like how these people got there to their dream home, that's it. How parents came to this country, didn't know the language or were well educated, but still succeeded and lived in this house. Where these people learn to love. The best part is having family nearby.
According to the memoir, the mood the author created was one of kindness, gratitude and caring. In the @NUM1 and @NUM2 paragraphs, the author says, "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1 also says, "My parents always opened their doors to the many people we consider family , because they know they'll do the same for us." These quotes @CAPS2 express being friendly and helpful to those around them who think family is an important part of their lives, and the authors try to convey that feeling or emotion to the reader. Feeling grateful because @CAPS1 appreciates what his parents have done for him. In the @NUM3 and @DATE1 paragraphs, the author mentions gratitude for the culinary skills passed on to him and "thanks to his parents for their love and sacrifice". The author's feeling of "admiration" created by his parents who have left the country is reflected in his mood. In the end, the mood is one of caring and welcoming to friends and neighbors who they consider family. In the @NUM2 paragraph, the memoir states that "Alegria" and the author's "surrogate grandparents" "often grace our kitchen table." The sentiments of these quotes from @CAPS2 stories create a sense of openness and caring in the home and family. The family "opens doors" because they care about the "countless" people around them.
Narciso Rodriguez created the mood of this article in The Blueprint of Our Lives. It is selfishness, admiration, gratitude and gratitude. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it tells how his parents did it out of love, for her child, not for her. @CAPS1 is also a friend of all the other imagrints trying to start life in the US. As it says in the @NUM2 paragraph. This post is full of love and respect for family and friends, that's what Arthur said.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is quite good. The author shows that he really appreciates his parents and appreciates everything they do. He calls his home a warm home. He remembers childhood innocence, gatherings of family, friends and endless celebrations. He said he was well aware that "family" had nothing to do with blood. And I think what he's trying to say is that you don't need to be blood related to a family, just love and care for a person.
The memoir's author thanked her parents and her family. I know the author is grateful to his parents because in the @NUM1 paragraph the author said: "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant Leave their family, friends and careers in a country they love." @CAPS1 I think the reason she's thankful for her parents is because they made their lives worse to make the author's life better. I know this because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "In America they have to start their lives completely over and take whatever they can find." The last reason I know is because he is basically Said in the last sentence of @NUM3 paragraph. It reads: "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. That's the mood of the author in this memoir.
In the memoir narciso rodriguez, the emotion created by the author of the blueprint for our lives in the memoir is grateful that the author created this emotion because he was and still is grateful for how his parents left their family, friends and jobs so he could It is also grateful to have a better life as they passed on their rich culinary skills to him. He is also grateful to live in a simple house with all these good neighbors and friends. I think the emotion the author creates is grateful because it's a memoir of all the good things in his life, and all the things he should be grateful for.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he created a mood of joy and excitement. This is because he is sharing family memories and memories of his family. He was happy for them because he had all the good times in them. One of his favorite activities at home is Alegria, his nanny and first friend. Narciso shared the time he spent with Alegria and showed a happy mood in the process. When the author talks about the kitchen and Cuban music, there is an excitement in my mind. I imagined some exotic food with sweet, warm smells and parents talking about warm Cuban music. Narciso Rodriguez's life seems very interesting and exciting. I wonder what he is doing now.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs can be described in a number of ways. On the one hand, everything I did for Narciso Rodriguez was kind. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," the memoir reads. This intimate feeling recounts how he felt the love and sacrifice his parents experienced for him. The memoir also shows this benevolent feeling of understanding that his parents taught him. The memoir wrote: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply realize that family has nothing to do with blood. This understanding taught him had a great impact on his life at that time. The kindness expressed in the memoir It was his feeling for the passion his parents taught him. In his memoir, it says: "Unwittingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking, which I still (I do) to this day. forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air,". These express the passion and skill of the author as an adult and hold a special place in his heart. These are the descriptions of the emotions created by the author in his memoirs .
The overall mood the author creates in his memoir is one of courage and perseverance. First, Narciso Rodriguez's parents traveled to America with nothing. They have no money or background information about @PERSON2 In the @NUM1 paragraph, Narciso said, "My parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of the language or culture." Narciso's parents would bravely step into a A new world where they don't know anyone, can't communicate with anyone, and they don't know anything about what's going on. In this country, Rodriguez also stood up to the @CAPS1 challenge of racism and segregation. In the @NUM2 paragraph, he said, "At a time when overt racism is the norm and apartheid is rife..." @CAPS1, Narciso's parents had to deal with people's problems, they also had to overcome psychological challenge because of racism. Finally, in the @NUM1 segment, Narciso said that his parents were always "braving harsh winters while longing for their home tropics and facing cultural hardships." His parents had the courage to persevere in the new weather and economic hardships. The overall mood Narciso Rodriguez created for me was bravery and perseverance.
The sentiment the author creates in his memoir is that you don't have to have a lot of money or a big house, you just need your family to support each other.
The author's mood in this memoir is one of joy. He said growing up in his surroundings gave him a sense of family, and he said it felt like Cuba in my home. He and his entire family respect each other and others. This is the author's mood
A sense of community, selflessness and fulfillment pervades Narciso Rodriguez's memoir about his first home. Happiness prevails in this story, described through "the love of cooking", "endless celebration" and "friendship". Readers can imagine the scenes depicted, happy gatherings around tables filled with aromatic food, and with people of all cultures, young and old, young and old. The words that weave this well-written memoir are nothing if not the content. Community is also emphasized in this written work. "A tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants," their community was described as. Despite the radical racism of the time, the memory of many souls working together does give the memoir a shared feeling. Narciso Rodriguez said, “My parents always opened their arms and doors to a lot of people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us.” When the sacrifices his parents made were outlined in the memoir , selflessness really became a mood in the memoir. A whole new life, just to give their children a better life, his parents rarely do things for their own good. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Narciso Rodriguez said. They endured endless struggles, they could have given surgery multiple times, but they didn't because they were so selfless in wanting to give Narciso a better life. The mood of this memoir contains three important things: love of community, happiness and selflessness.
The emotions created in the memoirs are all different. They talked about the family, friends there, and how they turned the apartment into a place to call home. They talk about the culture there and the way they have fun with friends and family. He also talks about the sad and happy moments of not knowing his real grandparents until 1970 when they were allowed to leave Cuba in the @NUM1 segment.
In this memoir from home by Narciso Rodriguez: Our Lives @CAPS1 creates a calm mood where the author is passionate about what he has to say and creates a joyful mood. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking to me to this day (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (to this day I I like them all). .." This sentence indicates a happy and calm mood. The mood the author creates is the friendliness of the family and the friendship between families and how others join his family home. The author casts this sentiment as an instilling environment, as if he was raised "in this environment, instilling in me a sense of "family" that has nothing to do with blood relatives.
I was in a certain mood while reading Narciso Rodriguez. The mood is very serious and grateful. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Narciso said in his memoir, showing that he is grateful to his parents for everything that made him the person he is today. He also wrote, "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties." This sentence is obviously a serious thought from the heart. It shows that he has love for anyone who comes close to him. He added, "My parents came to this country with such courage." That is to say that he thinks of his parents, has the heart, and has the courage, which is both serious and grateful. Finally, I would like to say that Narciso Rodriguez is a very grateful and serious person.
The atmosphere created by the author is the American dream. It's a very happy and successful theme, rooted in the hearts of millions of immigrants who want a similar story. In each segment, there are lines that relate to friends being family and how his home is physically quantified, but emotionally a place of love. This enhances the happy mood in the story. Also, racism and apartheid are set aside in the story, and the neighbors are relatives because they are not the people they came from. It's something everyone loves to hear, and makes one wish the whole country did the same. In the end, the story tells how parents make sacrifices for a better life for their sons. This has probably touched most readers close to hom, so the mood is going to get pretty serious now. This short memoir is a great story to change your mood from sadness to hope and thank you for living in a place you can call home.
In an excerpt from Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives", he has a specific mood or feeling throughout the excerpt. His mood seemed a bit like a happy mood, showing everything in a happy tone or mood, even in difficult times like "a time when overt racism is the norm and apartheid prevails." He even explained how his parents left their country and friends to come here to live and work in the war with a more relaxed mood. I believe Narciso Rodriguez likes to look at everything, whatever it is, with a happy, lighthearted mood.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of joy and love. I think it's creating a feeling of love by talking about how he and his neighbors (of different bloodlines) get along so well and are in solidarity with each other. Also, when he talks about happy times, like when he and his family cook in the kitchen, they have a good time, laughing and listening to Cuban music. Finally, when he and his family embrace family members, or even just friends they consider very close, the family conveys a real sense of happiness, peace, and love.
The emotion in "Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our life" is compassion. Throughout the memoir, it talks about how Narciso thanked his parents for their "love and sacrifice." He was grateful that they wanted to move from Cuba to America just to make sure he could have a better life. He learned from his parents about generosity and the importance of family and friends who have always been the "foundation" of his life. His house welcomed everyone and the air was always full of "not just smell and music, but life and love. He learned to be a real family and learned how to love. He loved his parents very much, and in his The memoir speaks highly of them "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or culture. They came here selflessly, like so many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their families, friends and careers behind in the country they love... trusting that this struggle will lead them and The good times for their children drive them to endure these difficult times. "That's why I think the emotion in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez from Hometown: A Blueprint for Our Lives" is compassion.
The @CAPS1 of this memoir created a very moving and meaningful mood. It shows the hardships his family had to overcome and the benefits it all brings. @CAPS1 noted in his memoir that despite the trying times his family was going through, they kept their doors open for those in need and were always thinking of others. He explained how hard it was for his parents to leave their home and work in Cuba, but they did it for him so he could have a better life. Another very touching thing that @CAPS1 said in his memoir, he said, "But, in truth, I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity that has left me..." These words show us how he The actions of his parents had a big impact on him and how they helped him in life. These are some examples of how @CAPS1 describes emotions.
The emotions that the author creates in this memoir are very grateful and grateful. Author Narciso Rodriguez is grateful and appreciative of his Cuban culture, and amazed that his parents were able to leave Cuba so bravely for @LOCATION1. The author expresses @CAPS1's gratitude and appreciation for his Cuban culture by expressing how @CAPS1 feels about "passionate Cuban music (which I still love)". @CAPS1 also appreciates that his parents were such great cooks, saying "our traditional Cuban home, the heart of which is the kitchen", and "in this humble house, the warmth of the kitchen always fills the air of Cuban feast. The author is also grateful to his parents for being so brave to move to @LOCATION1, saying: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I could have had." Things have never been done." The author is very grateful and grateful to his parents and this memoir for their culinary skills and courage. Also a huge thank you to @CAPS1 for being Cuban and for his culture.
The mood of the memoir is that he is very grateful to his parents. When he said "Actually, there is no way to show how great I am to my family. It shows that he behaves and respects all of his family.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is @CAPS1. He told us about his past life and the good life he had to live in and how much happiness it brought to the hem. He told us how they called on people to celebrate when they first came to @CAPS2. But he only told us that he had a good time, and he also told us that living in Cuba is so hard.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the story is more of a "happy" or "happy" mood. I chose these emotions because it shows how peaceful and loving everyone is, even if it's not family, "Growing up in this environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood " Second, he said he was happy for his selfless parents, "I have always been grateful for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they do is more courageous than what I do". In the end, he explained how different each person is, yet get along so well with each other, "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." In conclusion, I think this A mood created by the author in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez".
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are grateful. Narciso Rodriguez is forever grateful for having a wealth of cooking skills and love for cooking, just like his parents. He was glad he came from such a friendly family. The community and @ORGANIZATION1 come together to help those in need. Rodriguez thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice, and he thanked them again and again. His parents opened arms and doors for those willing to do the same for them.
The mood created by the author is very rich and grateful. The authors show in this memoir how great and grateful they are when they say: "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I could have been. Things I often tell them about my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. But really, I can't express how grateful I am for the generosity of spirit that left me so early in my age and family and friends. A testament to the importance. Here are two lessons my parents didn't tell me. They showed me their lives and these teachings have always been the foundation of my life." - In my conclusion, this is why I feel the author has The mood in the story is very grateful and grateful.
There are many ways to describe this mood in Narciso Rodriguez's "Home: The @CAPS1 prints of Our Lives". First, the mood is family-friendly. That's because in the @NUM1 paragraph, the author states that "the innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of our warm homes." And, it's a good mood, too . . In the @NUM2 paragraph, the author states, "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS2, the mood of this memoir defines his love for his family. In the @NUM3 segment, Narciso said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." These are some of the emotions in this story.
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoir is that he tells where they lived, what the house was like, who lived there and the names of their families. The atmosphere of the story is pleasant. They all want to get together and become a happy family. They tell you where your parents came from and when they moved here. The family there is full of love. Parents turned a simple house into a home.
I think the mood of the author in the memoir is gratitude, pride and joy. @PERSON1 is so grateful for what he has, despite what has happened in his life. He was proud of his Cuban ancestry and is still proud of it today. He listens to Cuban music and cooks Cuban food. He is also very happy. In the memoir he has a very happy tone, because it is his pride and gratitude. His parents were Cuban immigrants, and despite the tough times his parents went through, he still got the education he wanted.
In the memoir, the author has a mood. The mood of the article is somewhat happy, because in the memoir the author is remembering good things. The author is reminiscing and thanking himself for what he is. It's a happy environment Narciso is remembering and taking us through his heritage and home. The mood of the article is a pleasant memoir.
The mood of the story is happy. I think it's because in the memoir it talks about the Cuban festival, it seems like a good time with family and friends. I also think it's because it talks about good memories, which is always a happy thing. It's all celebration and it's always a good thing to be together.
In this memoir by Narciso Rodriguez, Narciso Rodriguez, there is a certain emotion. I believe this mood should be seen as happy and uplifting. The entire memoir is devoted to describing how rich the author's childhood was, from his home to his whole family, and he had nothing but great things to say. Speaking of his home, he said: "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, with the kitchen at the heart of it. My parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly added Their wealth of cooking skills and love passed on to me cooking (and I am grateful for that) that is still with me today." I would say it was inspiring. He also said how grateful he is to his parents. The mood in this memoir is anything but good.
In the memoir written by Narciso Rodriguez, Narciso shows a certain love and passion for his family and culture. The tone of this memoir will be love and passion because of his words and emphasis on his feelings. For example, in the third paragraph, it states that family means more than blood ties. @CAPS1 talked about how cultures fit together and have been great friends. Another way to express emotion is through his foreshadowing that @CAPS1 is keeping the tradition. "Both my parents shared culinary responsibilities and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with me today" and "the passionate Cuban music (which I still have to this day) like)..." @CAPS1 expressed his foreshadowing in two ways, by adding parentheses and just stating it. The third example of emotions in this memoir is the way @CAPS1 talks about love for family, and the importance of gratitude. "I keep telling them that what they did was braver than what I did." Narciso also said that @CAPS1 can't thank his parents enough, if they taught him this, @CAPS1 wouldn't be the @CAPS1 it is today . "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. Just adding love and culture to one's house can turn it into a loving home!"
Narciso is very grateful to his parents for their love, happiness, depression, and maybe more. The author's memoir is a sad, but also a loving one. "I was born in this simple house in 1961, and within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home." Narciso loves his parents for turning a simple house into a A traditional Cuban house. He also loves how his parents built their home. "My parents had to be so brave to come to this country, who came to this country selflessly like so many immigrants in order to give their children a better life." Narciso is very grateful that he thanked his parents every day created love. "My parents celebrated my first birthday in this simple house". He used the house as a memoir to remind himself how he came to America. It is full of love, care and joy.
The writer of the story creates a mood to help really emphasize the point of his story. Narciso Rodriguez explains how his parents immigrated to @LOCATION1 from Cuba and tried to find a new job and start a new life. Rodriguez also explained how he learned to call his neighbor's family because Italian, Cuban and Spanish cultures "come together with great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1, he recounted how the door was always open and their new family was always sitting around the table. In this memoir, Rodriguez does an excellent job of creating a happy mood.
In this memoir by fashion designer Narciso Rodriguez, his essay on his childhood home conveys a certain tone. Here's the thing. Many people who immigrated here from poorer countries like Cuba lived very poor here because, as Narciso said at the bottom of the @NUM1 paragraph, "In America, [my parents] had to start them all over again. life, take whatever job they can find.” @CAPS1 Talking about the hardships, Narciso focuses on the fact that he was raised into an amazing cultural environment. An environment full of his "family". When he said family, he wasn't just referring to her biological family. He was referring to all the people with whom he spent time and with whom he had a deep connection. So the mood Narciso Rodriguez conveys in this memoir is a warm, great, happy tone. A tone that shows that he will never forget all the things his parents gave up so that he can have a good childhood. The tone also suggests that these days, even though he's a famous fashion designer and most likely quite wealthy, he'll never forget how his parents "turned a humble house into a home." That is the tone of this memoir.
The author is in a good mood. It was a good mood because they didn't really mention any negative thoughts or feelings at all. He mentions throughout the story how he thanked his family, like his mom and dad. He talks about being Cuban and how proud he is to be Cuban. The narrator has many good thoughts about his mother and father. He mentioned in the story "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. He always tells his parents how proud he is of them and mentions that they are basically a @CAPS1.
The author's mood in the memoir is that the author is there, living there, the mood is really like this, the author is very happy. Glad the author's parents gave him a @CAPS1 and also gave them the freedom to start over for their son there.
The mood in the memoir runs through the entire story. First off, Narciso wasn't sure at first that he would like to move to @LOCATION1 because it's so different. But that changed when they started having their families come over and use their imaginations to decorate the house there. Next comes the mood changes in the middle of the memoir, when they're happy you can live a good life @LOCATION1 and then you can live a good life anywhere else. Plus, they're with their family at @LOCATION1, making their mood more positive. In the end, the mood of the family was negative when they had to move to @LOCATION1, but once they got there and turned the house there into a home, the mood instantly changed, and they were happy at @LOCATION2. This is the mood created by the author in his memoirs.
In the memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates a very specific mood. He talks about family, love and home. For example, Narciso says the heart of his home is the kitchen, and there's always hot Cuban music. Narciso said in his community that "cultures come together" and that his parents "always opened up their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they knew they would do the same for us." I could see how important friends and family were to Narciso and his family, how warm and caring they were. Narciso believes his home is full of "not just smell and music, but life and love". I believe the atmosphere of his home was evident not only to Narciso but to his neighbors and family as well.
Narciso Rodriguez creates a very calm and grateful mood throughout his memoir. First, he describes the selflessness of parents. Narciso explained, "They had to start their lives all over again." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) When they left Cuba for the United States. He understands that they are leaving only for his benefit, and he appreciates that. Additionally, Narciso is thankful that his parents have retained their Cuban heritage despite moving to the United States. In Narciso's three-bedroom apartment, "passionate Cuban music...was in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). In the end, Narciso expressed his gratitude and heightened the mood by defining what home is. He claims he "will never forget how [his] parents turned a simple house into a home" (@CAPS1 @NUM3). For these, Narciso was grateful, and his gratitude created a calm, seductive, and grateful mood.
The author creates a warm, loving atmosphere throughout the memoir. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends... form the backdrop of life in our warm home." ( @CAPS1 @NUM1). The quote represents a warm heart as he talks about things he loves, like Cuban music, and how friendship and family really came together to form the life he grew up in. "It was a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reached out to those who, though not necessarily of their own kind, were clearly in need. " love, because just like the first sentence, it represents friendship and family. It also represents the love and care between all members of his childhood community, showing readers that the community cares about each other and they all love each other. The atmosphere also changed towards the end. It turned into total love and warmth, but also happiness. "It's a simple house and my parents welcome other refugees to celebrate their arrival" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) This shows they are happy because even though they arrive poor at @LOCATION1 they are still celebrating the possibilities they face sex.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, a unique atmosphere of family and caring is created. The first way of this mood is passionate Cuban music and home-cooked meals. Rodriguez writes, "The passionate Cuban music fills the air, mingling with the aroma of the kitchen." (page @NUM1). This sentence expresses the mood of the family, because the music and food of their nationality give a sense of comfort. The comfort of the family and the mood of the family. Another way to portray the atmosphere of a home is the size of the house. Rodriguez wrote, "...I was born in this simple house, in a two-family golden brick building..." (p.@NUM2). This adds to the family vibe, as living in a tiny house means a lot of time will be spent with the family. This also adds a cosy feel to the environment. In the end, the atmosphere of the family depends on the intimacy of their family life. Rodriguez wrote: "My aunts Bertha and Juanita and my cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary also live nearby" (p.@NUM2). Living in a neighborhood helps the family's mood because it reduces the number of family members, which in turn lightens the family's mood. According to the memoirs of Narciso Rodriguez, a strong family atmosphere is expressed.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. Glad because she said growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that "family" has nothing to do with blood. That said, she is happy with her life. She said she had a wonderful family, friends and a wonderful home
The author of this memoir created a very calm mood. This article is not exciting at all. All it does is explain this child's life. To me, this memoir is like writing a list of things into a full essay. The author did not create any emotions that interested me to continue reading this topic. However, this memoir does express a lot of feelings. It expresses the child's gratitude to his parents and Cuban ancestry. While there is a calm (and slightly dull) mood to this memoir, the author's ability to reveal information is profound and insightful.
One of the vibes of this memoir is that of a traditional Cuban family. In the memoir, @NUM1 paragraph, "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love for cooking to this day (which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuba The music (I love it to this day) fills the air and mixes the aromas of the kitchen." The second mood of this memoir is the impression of a Cuban family facing my difficulties. In the memoir, @NUM2 paragraph "They were struggling both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for the tropics of their homeland and facing cultural dilemmas." The final mood strikes me as a real family What it is: love, loyalty and friendship. In the memoir, @NUM3 paragraph "Here I learned the true definition of "family". To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love Thing. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
The mood of the author in the memoir is very moving, because I feel like a story of memories. This story tells you how to remember the story, and it makes you cry a little bit. I kind of like it because it's about the Cuban people. I think my father understands Cubans, I think he understands their culture.
@CAPS1 is in a good mood. In her memoir, Narciso Rodriguez describes the happy and fun time living in her tiny New Jersey house. He describes how his family, including her mother and father, turned their @CAPS2 house into a Cuban home and opened doors for other refugees going through difficult times. In the last @CAPS4 Narciso explained that this is the home where all her first birthdays happen and where her friends and family gather. The message @CAPS1 is trying to convey is that it doesn't matter how big or expensive the house is, it's who is in the house that makes it a special place. The reason I know @CAPS3 is in a good mood is because she has a lot of great people in her life. Her home isn't big or fancy, but as @CAPS4 @NUM1 states, "It's a simple house my parents opened to other refugees." In this @CAPS5, he says his home is filled with happiness and love. Narciso's once simple house has become a home filled with friends and family.
In the memoir, I think the emotion the author creates is love for family. In the @ORGANIZATION1 paragraph it is explained that family has nothing to do with being a "blood" relative. What he means is that you don't have to be in a relationship with someone to consider them family. In the @NUM1 paragraph, Narciso said that many extended family members have been in and out of his house and they are always treated with kindness. I think the fact that Rodriguez's parents brought so many home is inspiring because it really shows the love and warmth that this family has to bring in refugees and their families from outside the US!
In his memoir, @CAPS1 Narciso Rodriguez creates a warm and cheerful mood. An example describing this is from paragraph @NUM1. This is where he describes his community, saying, "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1 He means, whatever they are The neighbors come from what background and they always welcome each other. Also, in the @NUM2 paragraph, the author said that his parents came to @LOCATION1 selflessly to give their children a better life even if they left their home country. Finally, in the @NUM3 segment, Rodriguez describes warm memories of his home, where he spent birthdays, parties and family. There is life and love in the air, he said. For this, he will always be grateful to his parents, because he understands the true meaning of "home".
The mood of the memoir is nostalgia and happiness. He tells readers about his economic background. He also explained his family and what they meant to him. He then talked about his house and how he spent his birthday there. These are some examples of how they create emotions.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that he is proud of his family, their background, and the way he was raised. In the memoir, it said, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." Narciso loved his parents and the way they raised him.
The mood of the story is very pleasant. In this answer I'll show how he created it. First, the author is always in a good mood no matter what happened or what his parents didn't do. He has fond memories of the kitchen smelling good. He also likes his Cuban music. Second, he expressed his gratitude to his family for bringing him into this world and caring for them. These two things show how Narciso Rodriguez made this article a joy to read.
The author of this memoir created many emotions. One emotion people feel is happiness, as Narciso Rodriguez describes his home as a place full of childhood innocence, family, friends and endless celebrations. Another mood is to be grateful that I never gave up on my friends, family and home, while Narciso Rodriguez's parents had to give up their friends, family and home in Cuba to support Narciso. The last mood is to admire Narciso Rodriguez and his friends and family for being so happy even with the fact that racism and segregation are part of @PERSON2 and the fact that they are going through financial troubles. In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez makes readers feel many emotions while telling his inspiring story.
I think the emotions in this story are mostly happy and grateful. Because he loves living there with his parents, having family around, and being able to learn about his legacy. And learn all about cooking. He seems to have had a very good childhood and is always grateful to his parents for it. They gave up everything to raise him in America, and he looked so grateful.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, where she uses key terms and phrases to discuss the mood in the @NUM1 segment, she says: "Cuban music is in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." This line makes it clear to you What would it be like to live in that house. Another time Narciso Rodriguez clearly pictured the setup in your head in the @NUM2 paragraph. She explained where her parents had to live, saying, "Brave the harsh northern winters while longing for the tropics of their homeland." This line set the setting in my mind, which made The family and setting are depicted more clearly. Narciso describes the mood of each location well.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are gratitude and happiness. The memoir passionately explains how Narciso Rodriguez's parents came to the land of @LOCATION1. This shows that he is happy to live in @LOCATION1 and live his life. He is, and will always be, grateful to his parents for bringing him here so he can live a better life. His gratitude also influenced the way he was raised by his Cuban parents. Any mood can be described here, but, as the memoir says, he thanked his family.
In this excerpt from Narciso Rodriguez, "Narciso Rodriguez," the author uses a great deal of vocabulary and creates his sentences in a way that easily captures the author's love, happiness, and appreciation for family and community. "For example, when he describes harmony and friendship among neighbors regardless of nationality, it is quite contradictory to the times 'in our neighbors...all these cultures come together in solidarity and friendship". His The image/ambience of this love is reinforced with word choice and repeated words like love, gratitude and selflessness "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life." I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. "@CAPS1, the author's well-crafted retrospective, especially how he vividly describes it as a place so close and close to him, is potentially grateful And the emotion of love provides space.
In the hometown memoir "Narciso Rodriguez": a blueprint for our lives. The emotions created by memoirs are described in a number of ways. First, “growing up in this environment made me feel deeply that family has nothing to do with blood.” Quite the contrary, his community was largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants when blatant racism was the norm and apartheid In the midst of @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, @CAPS2 will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. @CAPS2 often tells them that what they do is much braver than what @CAPS2 did. Finally, @CAPS2 got the real definition of "family" here. @CAPS2 will never forget his house and his gracious community, @CAPS2 will never forget how his parents turned this simple house into a home. In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", From Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives. Memoirs describe emotions in these ways.
In this article, I get information about the life of the protagonist and his loving parents. The author's mood in this article is gratitude, joy, and surprise. The author is very grateful to his parents for doing such a brave and fearless thing for him. It surprised him that his parents would live a good and happy life for him. The author can never express all his gratitude to his parents for doing a good thing for him. That's what this article is about, and it's the author's mood.
In Narciso Rodriguez's story, told by @CAPS1, thanking my parents for moving and giving them a better life. The people around them are like their family despite their bloodshed @CAPS2. Parents become selfish, if people need help, they will help, if they need a place to live, let people stay. Parents move to give their families a better life
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are caring and loving. Throughout the memoir, the author explains how his parents cared and loved helping others. He said his parents "always opened up their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." He explained how his parents kept their great jobs, friends and family in Cuba so their children could have a better life. The author says his parents helped him discover the true meaning of family.
So the mood for this memoir is @CAPS1, struggle is still not good, @CAPS2. In @CAPS3, it tells you all about his parents, and more about his parents. Next up is talking about being born in a simple house, that's the mood of @CAPS1. So the end of @CAPS4 memoir @CAPS5 starts talking about @CAPS6 things like not being able to find the kind or joy they deserve, not @CAPS6 things @CAPS5 talks about but in the end @CAPS5 @CAPS10 @CAPS11 definition and mood also me. Then @CAPS5 was there to learn love in a simple house and never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home. So the mood is a mix of @CAPS1, @CAPS6 time's and alreadyness etc.
The mood the authors create in their memoirs is that they have a greater responsibility than anyone else to help feed themselves, having lived on their own, away from their families, from young to old. I think the mood of the writers is that they feel good about themselves, happy to have lived a better life from the past to the present, and know more about themselves because their mood becomes happy that they are "living a better life" and happy.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez from Hometown: The Blueprint of Our Lives," the mood created by the author is appreciated. Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to his parents and other friends and family for helping him throughout his life. Narciso Rodriguez repeats his gratitude to his parents, family and friends several times throughout his memoir. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it quotes "My parents came to this country with such courage...they came to this country selflessly..." which describes how he respects his parents , because of their sacrifice. Paragraph @NUM2 states, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice...I cannot express how grateful I am for the generous spirit that left me at such a young age." In this sentence, Narciso Rodriguez thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. He then thanked his neighbors, friends and family for his care during his childhood. Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to his family, especially his parents, for their generosity in making his life beautiful. In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates emotions of gratitude and gratitude to parents for their generosity, care, selflessness, and sacrifice.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joyous and joyful. The author explained that his life as a child was very vivid. From the air mixed with the aroma of Cuban food to the Cuban music the author still loves to this day. It seems that his childhood was good. He said his parents were selfless and took refugees at home. It gives the story a warm feel, like it could almost be your mom or dad. He made the stories of all the family members he explained very personal. His parents, did their best for their family. The mood is set like this.
What kind of mood does the author create in the memoir. First of all, I think the mood created by the author is mixed. I think they are heartbroken because they moved from Cuba to @LOCATION1 where they left all their friends, family and careers they love behind. They also struggled personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while longing for their home tropics and facing cultural hardships. Although they are sad, I also think they are happy. I think so because even if they move away from a place they love, they have one thing that makes them feel at home. I think it's home and each other because they have a home like they like it, like when they get home. I think the mood in this memoir is mixed.
I think the emotions that Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoir is that he is proud and grateful. One way he shows gratitude is by telling readers how his parents sacrificed themselves to give him a better life. He said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows that he is not only grateful for the sacrifices they made for himself, but also for all the love and care they gave him growing up. Narciso Rodriguez expressed his pride, saying "My parents came to this country with such courage ... I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I could have done". It shows that Narciso Rodriguez is proud of having strong and courageous parents who were willing to "leave their families, friends and careers behind, and the country they love" for him. So I hope you now see how Narciso Rodriguez's memoir creates a mood that reflects how proud and grateful he was for his parents.
The emotion the author creates is love and the inspiration emotion is love because throughout the story he tells his parents that he loves them and is proud of them. He is proud of them for what they have done for him and his family. So he is proud of them. He is also happy to have parents like that because they do so much for him, they cook, clean, provide him with a roof and protect him. Another emotion that was created for me was inspiration, which was because he said "I often tell them that I admire their strength and perseverance. It means he is proud of his parents and he appreciates them for everything they do. What they did for him, he said he was grateful for all the sacrifices they made. These are some examples of emotions created.
The mood the author creates is love and @CAPS1. Because the author talks about the process of growing up. The author helps babysitters. And the author sounds like a nice guy. This is the author's mood.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, there are a variety of moods. The main mood is gratitude. In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez expressed a feeling of gratitude. In the @NUM1 paragraph, there is an example of gratitude: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, like many immigrants, to give life to their children. a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love.” (Rodriguez, @NUM1 paragraph). It's a testament to how Narciso acknowledged his parents' sacrifice and thanked them for it. In the @NUM3 paragraph, Narciso said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was the braver thing I could have done." (@NUM3 paragraph). It's a testament to how Narciso Rodriguez is grateful for what his parents did for him. In conclusion, in his memoirs, Narciso Rodriguez creates a feeling of gratitude.
The first paragraph was a joy as they came to @CAPS1.SA and had a great time staying for a year. I was born in 1961 and they live in a simple house, two golden brick houses in Ironbound, @LOCATION1 is happy because their parents share the same kitchen.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a happy mood, a calm mood. The author explains that the house is very comfortable for him. Narsico explains how his parents have always been caring and selfless. I think it creates a very calm and caring mood. Also in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice", again creating a caring atmosphere.
The emotion created by the author is gratitude. @CAPS1 Thank you @CAPS1 for so many things about her parents' culinary skills and love of cooking. @CAPS1 is grateful to her tight-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants who always lend a helping hand. But the main reason @CAPS1 is grateful is @CAPS2 her family. @CAPS1 Thank you to her countless family and extended family who dine with them and stay with them temporarily. @CAPS1 is also very grateful to her parents. @CAPS1 is grateful to her parents for being nice to @CAPS3 and always keeping arms and doors open for help knowing they will. @CAPS1 is also very grateful for their courage to come to a new world without knowing any language or culture, just to give their children a better life. @CAPS1 is grateful to her parents for making great sacrifices in her interest to leave friends, family and careers in the country they love. @CAPS1 also appreciates the personal and financial struggles her parents had to go through and brave the harsh northern winters. @CAPS1 will be forever grateful for her cooking, sacrifice to food, family and parents.
This memoir is really set in the mood of love and comfort. It did just that when he told us his parents immigrated just for him. That sentiment continued when he told all of us who came for dinner regularly. His parents loved him and created a wonderful environment for him, as he put it, they "turned the house into a home"
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, the emotions the author creates are powerful. It makes it feel as if you are there. The author explains in detail the circumstances of his life in a small house with many immigrants like them in the community, who have bands to come together in tough times. In the memoir, the author talks about his Cuban background, "passionate Cuban music mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." @CAPS1 also talks about @CAPS1's definition of family. Those in his community were only related by blood, but the neighbors looked after each other. The author sets sentiments of love for his culture and his family in their community. And how his simple three-bedroom apartment became home.
Throughout the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates many different emotions. In preparation, I got all sorts of emotions from the author. Such as the grief of the family and their experiences, the compassion for the children and how they watch their parents fight for them, but at the same time they benefit from watching because it makes them stronger. Although throughout this memoir, among all the other emotions, there is an eternal sense of gratitude. The fact that parents go through so much for their children to have better times and a hopeful future goes beyond words. There are no words to describe how amazing these parents are doing what they do. That's the mood and emotion described in this memoir.
The mood in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is a happy mood. This memoir tells the story of a Cuban family who wants to live in the United States and give their son a better life. Their parents gave up their jobs as scientists for their sons. The story is good because their true love is spreading. Narciso Rodriguez lives in a happy mood.
The mood of the story is joyful and reflective. In this story, especially in the @NUM1 paragraph, he tells us many times what his parents did, and after almost every sentence in parentheses, he says how much it meant to him. For example, he recounted how his parents cooked, and then: (for which I am forever grateful). It shows how much he loves his parents to teach them their cooking skills. In one paragraph, he begins with a sentence: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This again shows the greatness, happiness, and reflective mood of the story.
The emotion the author creates throughout the memoir is a sense of well-being and a sense of family. The family moved to @LOCATION1 from Cuba and don't know what to expect or the culture or anything. All they have is each other, exuding a strong sense of family. Then there's the happiness factor, and throughout the story, no matter what happens, they seem to be happy because they have family. In the story it says "My parents turned this simple house into a home". It lets me know that he does see his house as a home, which means he's happy.
The mood changes in the memoir. But the overall mood is sad. It tells how Narciso's parents gave up what they had for the benefit of their children. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their families, friends and careers in the country they love." Also, Most of Narciso's family has been without a home for a while, which is sad because they don't have a place to call home. "Countless extended family members come and go—often there are people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." Narciso's parents gave up everything for him to give him a better life. They left their most @CAPS1 place for him. "The belief in struggle will lead them and their children to better times and drive them to endure these difficult times."
In Cuban family, father came to 1956 for your bright future family @CAPS1 has an apartment with two rooms, @CAPS1 has two sons a bay or boy @CAPS1 twinty one and @CAPS3 twinty7 in @CAPS3
In the memoir, the author creates a calm and comfortable mood. For example, in the @NUM1 segment, he says "passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen," suggesting no yelling or fighting in his house. Also, in the @NUM1 segment, he said that "the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that included both, form the living background of our warm home," suggesting that as he was growing up , his home is comfortable for him. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it says "The kitchen in this humble house, @LOCATION1's feast is always in the air, but life and love show that his family is peaceful and in love with each other. The author said in the @NUM3 paragraph : "I'll never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home", which shows that he grew up at home, even if he didn't have a lot. In short, the author created a mood for the memoir.
In this memoir, the author creates a mood - for me, it draws me to this memoir. I think Narciso Rodriguez created a "homey" vibe. I say this because when he says, "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, and at its heart is the kitchen." It reminds me of my family and how my family loves cooking puerto @CAPS1 Food. The smell is like "your home". In my family, everyone is ostracized, even if you are not told. Narciso also mentioned this in his memoirs. also. Narciso is grateful in the memoir because his parents immigrated to have a better life. This creates an atmosphere of love and family. Narciso said: “I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a A home. Now they have immigrated to Narciso Rodriguez will never forget his childhood home. There are many emotions in this memoir.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood is one of joy, sadness and greatness. Narciso is happy because he can usually be with "family" and is happy that his family is with him, with more coming from Cuba in a few years. He was sad because he couldn't see his grandfather and because his parents didn't have such a good life as him. He's so happy that what his parents did for his life brought him to @LOCATION1 and he's so happy because his parents made him have such a wonderful life. That's the mood of the memoir.
The mood author Narciso Rodriguez creates in this memoir is one that is very grateful and grateful. In this memoir, he expresses his gratitude to his parents for moving to @LOCATION1 to give him a better life. He applauded their selfless and brave actions. At one point in this memoir, he tells his parents that what they did was a braver thing he could have done. He told his parents to let them know how brave he thought they were.
His mood is happy. be with family, share, be with family, spend quality time with family, adventure with family, explore the world, never be afraid to go to new places, express your feelings to each other, always be there for each other, be yourself, don't change , venture into a different state. Don't be afraid to share with each other, always be there for each other, always be yourself, express who you want to be, don't change for anyone,
The mood created by the author, in my opinion, is a happy mood. Glad because the author gave the reader a good explanation and description of his life at home. The author creates a happy mood, also because it shows that his parents are not selfish and want a better life for their children in America. They left the whole family behind. In addition, Narciso spoke about how he and other immigrants deal with racism. However, they were still happy and determined, so they worked happily together and united. I think it shows that the author has family not only in a nice house, but also nearby. This story gave me a really good, close-knit family feel. The importance of including one.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is pride. I think the mood the author created is proud because in the second paragraph it says "...cooking skills and love for cooking that is still with me today (and I'm forever grateful)." I think it's a Proud example because it says "I am forever grateful for it". Shows will always be proud of Cuban food. Another reason I think the emotion is pride is that in the @NUM1 segment it says "passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day)..." I also think it's an example of pride because it Shows that he grew up in Cuba with music that he still loves to listen to.
The emotions in the memoir are very uplifting. The story is mostly about how grateful the author is to his family and what his parents have done for him. It also shows how happy the family is and how family everyone around them is, no matter where they immigrated from. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he said "Family has nothing to do with blood".
The author creates several different emotions in this memoir. The main emotion the author is trying to create is gratitude. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows gratitude as she is thanking her parents and what they have done for her. Plus, she's grateful because she's starting to realize how hard it was for her parents to have to work the house and put food on the table. The main emotion of the story is obviously gratitude.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are love and appreciation. Narciso thanked his parents for everything they had done for him. They gave up their Cuban home, job, and even happiness for him. Love is because they both love each other very much and family means a lot to family. Family members, they say, are people who take care of each other, even if they are not related by blood. It's ok. It's about love and caring.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are nostalgic, warm, and grateful. In his memoir, the author explains the importance of family, recounts his experiences with them, and thanks his family for teaching him all the important life lessons. In the second paragraph, the author states: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm homes." This excerpt conveys There is a sense of nostalgia and warmth as the author celebrates his childhood home. In the third paragraph, the author says: "In our neighborhood, despite the customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures are fused together with great solidarity and friendship." This sentence also makes readers feel nostalgic and warm, because the author Really makes the reader feel the unity and love of his childhood community. In the fifth paragraph, the author says: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture." In this sentence, the author expresses to the reader his admiration for them while praising them Thanks from parents @CAPS1. In the sixth paragraph, the author says: "But really, I cannot express how grateful I am for such a young spirit of generosity and the importance of family and friends." Later in the seventh paragraph: "It is Here, I learned the true definition of 'family.' To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." These excerpts really Summarizes what author @CAPS1 has to say about family. They explain to readers the importance of family and how grateful the author is for his family and all the life lessons they taught him. These excerpts truly convey the nostalgia, warmth and gratitude of @CAPS1 to readers.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. First of all, the mood the author creates is that he loves to cook, his parents taught him how to do it, and she is forever grateful to his parents. Second, his parents "came to @LOCATION1 with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to give Narciso @PERSON1 a better life and left the country they loved." Third, his parents had A simple house. They always have smell and music in the air, and life and love. In short, this is the mood the author created.
Narciso Rodriguez writes fondly of his memories of growing up in Newark, New Jersey. He created a happy mood through his tone of love and gratitude. Narciso describes his community as "honest, hard-working immigrants." "Growing up in such an environment gave me a sense of family that had nothing to do with blood." The painting depicts a close-knit, helpful group of people. Rodriguez recounts how his parents created a beautiful home out of a house. "My parents opened their arms and doors to the many who we consider family." Narciso's words captivate readers with scenes of lighthearted happiness, generosity and love. He was clearly grateful for his enviable childhood and cared deeply for his selfless parents. There is a lighthearted bliss to his poems, like eating a delicious truffle.
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, he showed a love of emotion. @ORGANIZATION1 shows his love by telling his parents. In the @NUM1 segment, he said "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance." Here he expresses sympathy for his parents who left Cuba to start a new life at @LOCATION1 life. Also, they want a better education for their children, so they leave family, friends and everything behind in order to start life again. Another way Narciso showed love to his parents was to incorporate into his life what his parents did to him. Narciso uses a better education to have a better life. Now he is a fashion designer. So, in his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, he showed a love mood in his memoir.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates emotions that are loved as he shows that his parents gave up everything they got from Cuba to come to @LOCATION1 to create better conditions for their children. For example, his @CAPS1 is working in a lab in Cuba and his mom is working on chemistry @CAPS2 and they left it in Newark @ORGANIZATION1. The author describes how he grew up in a traditional Cuban family, smelling the aroma of food, and passionate Cuban music. And how he lives in Hispanic, @CAPS3 and Italian immigrant communities. He also described how his family has always kept their doors open to those who are considered family.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he creates a certain mood. The mood created is love. In the @NUM1 segment, that sentiment really came out as Narciso talked about how his family cooks with him, listens to music, and family and friends join him in celebrations. "Family and friends, and endless celebrations." This quote shows how he gets the love of family and friends through these celebrations. In the final sentence of the memoir, Narciso fills the reader with love. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." The last sentence shows the love for Narciso. This shows that emotions are about love.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. The author's mood is happy. The happy example is that his parents passed on their cooking skills and love of cooking. Another example of happiness is the scent of the kitchen mixed with Cuban music. The final example is his gratitude to his parents for their sacrifice and love.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is joyful and grateful. @PERSON1 is grateful that his parents moved to @LOCATION2 to give him a good life. @PERSON1 said his parents were brave before starting a new life in America and he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home full of their culture. Finally, it shows that the mood is happy and grateful, because it shows that he will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents. Therefore, the mood created by the author is happy and grateful.
In the memoir; "@PERSON1" in "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives" in a mood of both happiness and sadness. This is painted as glee as he talks about his Cuban heritage and the advantages of being born in @LOCATION1. He was also heartbroken though when he talked about how he left his family in Cuba to be born @LOCATION1. He loves his family living nearby in 1970 when his family was allowed to live in Cuba for @LOCATION1. He is also very grateful for the sacrifice of his parents to give @CAPS1 the life he has. Although fond of his neighbors, he was dismayed to be born in an era of racism and segregation, like most immigrants face. That's the mood depicted in @PERSON1's memoir.
The mood the author created in his memoirs is very grateful. Narciso is very grateful for everything in his life. "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice," Narciso said. It stood out to me because he really cared and thanked his parents. The mood the author created in his memoirs is very grateful.
Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful for what he has. His parents are important to him and they came to @LOCATION1 to make life better for him and the other kids in his family. Narciso Rodriguez's family means everything to him
He's happy to be educated as he is, he's happy to be Cuban, even though his parents don't have much, he's still proud of his family because it's not where you live or what the conditions are. If you come from an honest family, if they are with you in difficult times.
Narciso Rodriguez creates a grateful, cheerful tone in this memoir. When Narciso talks about his parents' Cuban background and heritage, his tone shows how proud and happy he is of his heritage. Also, as in the @NUM1 and @NUM2 paragraphs, he speaks highly of his parents, how they made their house a home, and how grateful he is to have them as parents. The mood reminds me of yellow, of sunshine, happiness and warmth. Narciso Rodriguez does a good job of creating this pleasant atmosphere in his memoirs.
In my opinion, I think his culture is important to him, and I think her house, family and friends are important to him. In the first paragraph he describes his family, where they live, where they come from, how old they are, and it reminds me of my culture and family. In the second paragraph it tells what year she was born and how his house was, I want to describe my old house, the only one I can think of that has more memories. His community was a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants. It got me thinking about what the community would be like if we worked hard. In my opinion, her memory brought mine back.
In memoir @ORGANIZATION1, Mood created the author @ORGANIZATION1 in memoir. It's emotional because Narciso Rodriguez is a man, and we can tell he's a man who appreciates what his family does for him. Because in his memoir he said he felt graceful and happy about his culture. He is from Cuba and his family is very friendly. His family taught him a lot about why now is the foundation of his life. His friends have important friends. Now, in this memoir, he says it all, and the pride he has for his family. His admiration for his family is horrific. He and his family learned how to love and respect others. In his memoir, he said he will never forget how his parents turned his simple house into a home. This is the mood of the author @ORGANIZATION1 in the memoir.
The author who wrote this put it in sadness or fond memories.
I think the emotion set by the author is love. The story is about people's love for cooking and their passion for Cuban music. How endless celebrations can bring life to a warm home. Narciso Rodriguez also has a strong feeling that "family" has nothing to do with blood. “In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, despite the great solidarity and friendship, these cultures come together.” The parents there are always open to the many people who know they will do the same for them. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home." The mood set for this story @PERSON2 is loving.
In the memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates a very warm and loving mood. The first time I came to @LOCATION1, he explained a few things about his parents to him. Narciso also told us that his home in 1961 was a traditional Cuban residence. He explains his parents' cooking skills and how he is grateful to have them. There is always music like an endless celebration. His parents "always had their arms and doors open" to the many people they considered family members (@NUM1). They know that if they need help, they will too. Later in his memoir, Narciso spoke of personal gratitude and love. He explained how his parents wanted a better life for their family, even if it meant staying so much. work for their family, friends and the country they love. It takes a lot of courage. Narciso understands this and expresses it freely.
The memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" creates a mood that shows that Narciso Rodriguez is happy and proud of his parents, while the memoir creates a mood of togetherness. First, the memoir creates a happy mood. “Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our warm home (@NUM1 paragraph). Rodriguez is delighted to be in his home , his family, friends and celebrations have helped form a normal life at home. He's glad his parents worked so hard to bring him to New Jersey. Rodriguez is glad his parents were so passionate about helping those in need, and How his family and friends were together during quarantine 'Narciso Rodriguez,' was in a blissful mood. Next, the mood in the memoir shows that Rodriguez was clearly proud of his hard-working parents. "My parents Came to this country with such courage, ignorant of language and culture. .They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their families, friends and careers in the country they love” (@NUM2 paragraph). Narciso Rodriguez Proud of his parents for giving up so many things for him, family, friends, country, career for his son, for his son to live a better life in @LOCATION2, they basically have to start with this pursuit in order to have Good cause. Finally, the mood in 'Narciso Rodriguez' brings a sense of solidarity. "Growing up in an environment like this gave me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties" (@NUM3 paragraph) Rodriguez's family, they took in people in need who were not in their family. During quarantine, these neighbors, family and friends stay united. In "Narciso Rodriguez", The mood created suggests that Rodriguez is happy, and for his parents, a memoir shows a sense of solidarity.
Mood in "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The @CAPS1 print of our lives is grateful. This is shown in how Narciso explains in detail the chronological main events of his life. Narciso also included small sentences in parentheses explaining what he just said or expressing his gratitude for it. For example, when Narciso said, "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still love to this day (for which I am forever grateful). It shows how grateful he is that his parents taught him how to cook, which he still does today . Narciso also made it very clear how grateful he is that his parents taught him so much and did so much for him. In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates gratitude as the overall mood of his work. He did this by showing how grateful he was to have his parents who taught him and did so much for him.
In his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: Blueprints of our life, the speaker shows many emotions. Emotions of gratitude and happiness in life. Speakers are very grateful throughout the memoir. But the speaker is very grateful to his family and the opportunity to come to @LOCATION1. It read: "'I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.'" It showed how grateful he was, as he said if his parents weren't willing to sacrifice what he couldn't have @LOCATION1 make life better. He also told us that his parents left their friends, family, work and home to come to @LOCATION1 to live a better life for their children. Speakers also showed happiness. He said, "'Countless extended family members come and go.'" It shows he's surrounded by people he loves, which makes him happy. It also said they would help people, spend time with the community, and have dinner with people all the time. It also shows that he is happy because he spends time with so many family and friends. These are examples of emotions the author creates in his memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very grateful and happy. The memoir explains how proud the authors are of their parents. They do a lot for the author. The most important thing is to bring family and strong relationships into the house to make it a real home.
There's a sense of pride, joy in "Narciso Rodriguez" in "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives." This memoir is about legacy and home. When he talks about his legacy, he talks about his food, home and music readers are proud of. It's also a happy memoir because it talks about the unity of the community, even though they're all from different parts of the world,
The mood created by the author's memoirs is depressing, having to leave Cuba, but glad to be somewhere better. Having to leave memories and friends and family is disconcerting. Also better, because now their lives will be better. Everything they had before, will soon have it here. The emotions created are disturbing, yet joyful and exciting.
In the memoir, Home in the form of "Narciso Rodriguez: A Blueprint for Our Lives" has relevant and specific information describing the emotions created by the author. This quotation or written evidence suggests that the author's mood is very "warm" and free. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home." This sentence suggests that the author is warm, because, he says, "the congregation of family and friends , and, "Living in our 'warm' home. "The first sentence shows that he is free, the second shows that he is "warm" inside. This sentence shows that the author's mood has changed to very loving. "I will never forget that house or its neighbors." , or a lot of what I've learned about how to love. "This sentence shows that the author is very loving, because he said, "There he learned how to love." "It shows that the author's mood is very loving.
The author creates a mood of happiness and gratitude to parents. He is happy and grateful to them for giving up their old life in Cuba where they have good jobs, friends and family so Narciso @MONTH1 has a good life. That mood shows his attitude towards hope, and the hardships of his parents have created a better life for him. This sentiment also shows that he is proud of his heritage, as he loves Cuban music and appreciates learning the culinary arts from his parents. His parents weren't the only ones who made him happy, but his neighbors, who were also immigrants, were kind and he felt solidarity with them. This mood is good and shows that anyone can be happy.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is appreciation. Narciso Rodriguez has repeatedly thanked his parents for moving to @LOCATION1 and giving up life in Cuba for a better life. He is also grateful for their childhood. He thanked them for teaching him a lot from a young age and the environment in which he grew up. When the author said how his parents' cooking was passed on to him, he removed the article specifically to thank his parents from the article. He recounts how even though his community is made up of many races, they still live in friendship and solidarity. He tells how people always come to the house to eat and there are many celebrations. He recounts the courage of his parents to come to the country without any knowledge of the language or culture. He describes how all immigrants leave their country just to give their children a better life. Narciso describes how his parents had great jobs in Cuba, then gave them up and took whatever they could find in @LOCATION1. In the sixth paragraph, he said that he will always be grateful for his parents' love and sacrifice. Also in that passage, he said there was no way to express his gratitude to his parents. In the last sentence of that paragraph he says, "They used their lives to show me that these teachings have always been the foundation of my life." There, he thanked his parents again. Throughout his memoir, he describes his parents as heroes and thanks them for everything they did for him. That's why the mood for this memoir is to appreciate
The atmosphere created in the memoir is very loving and caring, expressing gratitude to the author's parents. The author (@ORGANIZATION1) explained his childhood experiences that his "family" didn't always mean blood. He described the family as very humble, always welcoming others with open arms. He also said it's not about the size or price of the home, but about the people in it and how close they are and the memories they share. All in all, through this memoir @PERSON1 (the author) shows how grateful he is to his family that doesn't change the way we were raised, and that his "family" left him with a spirit of generosity at a very young age.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives," the author paints a very characteristic mood. A hallmark of emotions is selflessness and courage. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author said: "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even when they left their family, friends and careers in the country they loved. " Can you throw your life into an unfamiliar world just to give your child a better future? It takes a lot of selflessness and courage to do so. Also, feel grateful. The author demonstrated this in the @NUM2 paragraph, saying, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This expresses the author's gratitude to my parents for their selflessness and courage, who came to @LOCATION2 to give him a better s future. Finally, find unity in your mood. It appeared in the @NUM3 paragraph, which said: "In our community, despite the customs and practices of other places, all these cultures have come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a community of honest, hard-working immigrants tight-knit community of people who lend a helping hand, not necessarily their own kind, but clearly those in need.” This shows that their community is very united, because elsewhere in the United States, the three races do not live in harmony , but in this community they are unified. In conclusion, the authors describe a mood with different characteristics.
The author creates a very positive and optimistic mood in his memoir. He talks about how his fascinating Cuban culture is portrayed in his home. "The passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen," the author said, expressing his love and pride in his culture. In his memoir, the author also recounts his profound gratitude to his parents. He admired their courage. Narciso felt that his parents did everything they could to make their family a good life, and they were successful. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Narciso said, showing that he has a genuine appreciation for what they have done. He believes that family is everyone you love and are close to, not just blood relatives. Narciso considers his community one big family. This memoir has an upbeat tone due to the author's positivity and optimism.
The atmosphere created by @CAPS1 in the memoir was that at first there was a sense of who the character was. Like it gets slow then fast instead of slow that person can't control her writing in the story so the mood is like think fast then think harder next time well the writer should keep a speed why reader would give up on this story. Who knows that story might be the best, but just don't want to keep a pace. Look at me @CAPS2 Not the one to talk because I don't write good, but I do read and it's pretty good, so get it from the reader not the writer. Also, this story is planned like any other story before it gets good other stories @CAPS2 will now stop reading boring and rushing to answer be careful how you write or choose these stories, you don't know what I do best for me. You don't know I got a batter program out of a hole in the wall.
In the memoir, the mood is happy and loving, because when they have their own house, their families are welcomed and strangers are welcome. His parents are very loving because they are always nice to people and rarely fight. And the family is so warm and happy because the family is together
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, it explains how your house affects you as a child and as an adult. The mood this memoir gave me was gratifying. I think it's because when the memoir says he has a lot of relatives and friends around, it probably makes him comfortable. His parents were also very hospitable, so you might be comfortable with that too. That's the mood and why I think of the memoir.
In the memoir, the author creates an emotion that makes it intimate. The author draws the relationship very close from all sides. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says, "All these cultures have come together in great solidarity and friendship." The authors give happiness to the culture they are associated with, to friendship and happiness. The authors also describe their friendship with their neighbors. In the @NUM2 paragraph, he wrote: "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." The author believes his family Treat other families as part of their family, and then other families view the author's family as part of theirs. The family has always been close. The author says he will never forget his family. "I will never forget that home or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love," he wrote in the @NUM3 paragraph. The author showcases his close relationship with his neighbors and his All friendships. The author created an intimate relationship mood while writing his memoir.
The emotions created by @PERSON1 in the memoir are meant to show how happy Narciso Rodriguez is growing up. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop for our warm home life," said @PERSON1 "Growing up in this environment instills in me A great feeling that "family" has nothing to do with blood relatives." As you can see the mood of the story is warm, telling us how he had a wonderful childhood
In the memoir, there is more of one emotion, but this is the main one. First, the author tried to create an "atmosphere where there is no place like home", and the author succeeded. It seems that he/she is using memory and telling about his/her background. The atmosphere of the story is also calm and relaxing. All in all, this is the sentiment expressed by the author.
My Narciso Rodriguez excerpt from Home: There is a specific emotion on the blueprint of our lives excerpt, and I think it's love and @CAPS1. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "I am in this simple house and my parents welcome other refugees to celebrate their coming to this country and my birthday there."
In the memoir, I think the mood the author creates is more of a serious, informative and uplifting mood. I think so because his way of life is described as a happy and enjoyable life, and also able to talk about serious topics like his culture and the cultural diversity of the people living on the streets. Also because he is so comfortable with everyone who lives in his apartment building and everyone who comes to his house for dinner and calls them family.
The author creates a very warm and happy feeling of welcome by describing how friends and family visit often and the family is always happy. Author Narciso Rodriguez never mentions any bad times and shows the goodness of everyone. This line from the memoir proves that Narciso created a good mood throughout the story. "The innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the background of life in our warm homes." I think this quote shows the author well in his memoirs Creates a happy mood.
@PERSON1's parents came (or immigrated) from Cuba to @LOCATION1 where they were not wealthy and many racial barriers prevented them from finding good jobs. However, @PERSON1, who is writing a memoir, explains how they sacrificed it all to enable @CAPS1 to live a better life, and how much they helped their neighbors and family. Rodriguez has written a lot about how they always keep their arms and their doors open to the many people we (they) see as family. "@CAPS1 underscores that sentiment, a "good @CAPS2" sentiment and the love of the neighbors, how they treat everyone as family. The sentiment created by @CAPS1 is where you find there may not be much good in life good."
The mood the author creates in @CAPS1 is both love and @CAPS2. That's the mood of the story, as the author mentions how loving his home was and how he thanked his parents for the sacrifices they made for him. (@CAPS3. @NUM1) His community is full of hardworking immigrants who are united and very friendly. (@CAPS3.@NUM2) The author's parents came to this country with courage, knowing nothing about the language or culture he will always be grateful for. (@CAPS3.@NUM3) His home is always full of life and love. The author says he will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things he learned there about how to love. He will never forget how his parents turned that humble house into home...
The mood in the memoir is sad in a way. It's sad because of how they came to this country with nothing. They had to live in a @NUM1 bedroom apartment. Even if they are still able to make money. They also have a better way of life.
It seems to be a mix of joy and sadness, mostly joy. They were sad because they had to leave everything in Cuba.
The sentiment in the text is @CAPS1. This is @CAPS2 because they can give the kids there a better life. Second is because Cuba is not a good place. They are @CAPS2 as they start a new life. Another reason is that they can get better jobs. They could live in @CAPS3's house, then @CAPS4. They are @CAPS2 so they can help other refugees too. Finally, they are @CAPS2 celebrating the arrival of other refugees in the country.
According to Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", emotions can be many things. The mood the author creates in his memoir is the @CAPS2 mood. First of all I know this because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "...I am forever grateful". It also says "I love this day". How do I know people who have @CAPS2 sentiment, because if I say it's @CAPS2 somewhere, there's nothing that says @CAPS1 doesn't like it. Second, @CAPS1 would tell his parents in various ways: "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice." Also told them "I often tell them to admire their strength and perseverance. The memoir is about the author creating the @CAPS2 mood. for two reasons.
There are many ways to describe the mood of a memoir. One way I can describe memoir is that it makes you feel good about things. I know this because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says, "I will always be happy for the love and sacrifice of my parents." The mood set by the @CAPS1 memoir is a warm one. I know this because in the @NUM2 paragraph saying his house is the real definition of what he understands about family. As you can see, there are many ways to describe the mood of a memoir.
Narciso was born in a humble house in 1961 at @ORGANIZATION1 amemorie. A Cuban home full of traditions, the heart of the kitchen is the kitchen. His parents who loved to cook are still with him today, for which I am forever grateful. The passionate musical witch he worships today. His community was largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants like his family. His parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge and culture. They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even though it took them away from family, friends and careers in the country they loved. They struggled both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while yearning for their home tropics and facing cultural difficulties. His emotions show a lot of positivity, and his family is proud of his identity and his Cuban ancestry. He seems very happy with his family's success.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives, author Narciso Rodriguez creates a calm and loving mood. The author begins with a loving sentiment, saying, "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture...to give their children a better life, even if It means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love. It shows a feeling of love as parents want to give their children a better life by moving to the US, even if they are left behind . The author showed a calm mood. Said "The air is not only full of smell and music, but also full of life and love. It was here that I learned the true definition of "family". This quote is calming because it puts you at ease when you think about scenting the air and playing great music. This sentence also expresses a feeling of love as well. That's because it explains her love for her family, which @CAPS1 proudly calls her family. Taken together, the above evidence sets the mood of the memoir as love and caring.
The author creates a mood in his memoir. Emotions in a memoir are shared with someone, even if you don't want to.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, From Home: the Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates an emotion of gratitude, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Narciso says in the first sentence of the @NUM1 paragraph.
The mood of the memoir is very warm, happy and seductive. Now that this sentiment is portrayed throughout the story, I'll tell you why. In the @NUM1 paragraph, Rodriguez tells you that everyone in his neighborhood is a good friend and will always help those in need. Paragraph @NUM2 goes into paragraph @NUM1 in more detail, telling us how many of Rodriguez's neighbors, friends and relatives regularly dine with him and his family. His parents "always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, knowing that they would do the same for us." In the @NUM4 paragraph, Rodriguez recounts how his parents came selflessly To @CAPS1.SA to give him a better life. They gave up everything they had just to give him more than his parents. It just goes to show how much Rodriguez's parents care about him. As you can see, that's why the mood of the memoir is warm, happy and seductive. (Also heartwarming!)
I believe the author's mood is serous
The emotion the author creates in this memoir is one of gratitude. The author is very grateful to his parents for everything they did for him. For example, they came to the United States from Cuba and knew nothing about its customs or language. The authors' parents abandoned their careers, their families and friends just to give their children a better life. The authors' parents kept people at home so they could get back on their feet. The sixth paragraph clearly expresses the author's gratitude, saying, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author makes it clear that he is grateful for everything his parents gave him. The author also said he thought what his parents did for him was "the bravest thing [he] ever did."
The mood of this memory is happy. It's happiness because he talks about his parents caring not only for their family but also for their friends.
In the memoir, the author highlights a very specific emotion. She puts a lot of emphasis on warmth and safety. By warmth she means you are always surrounded by loved ones. It means something you will always remember because it is an extraordinary feeling. Emphasizing this warmth means it creates memories. Another part of this emotion is safety. The interpretation of safety is that you are surrounded by people who care about you, no one judges you, no one hurts you, and you are not in any danger. I personally love the vibe of this story because it's what I crave for every @DATE1. In short, the mood of the memoir is very clear.
In the short story "Narciso Rodriguez" of "Blueprint for Our Life", the mood of the short story is grateful and reasonable. In this story, a 27-year-old man named Narciso Rodriguez immigrated to the United States from Cuba with his parents in 1956. When they came, they had to live in a one-bedroom apartment. They can't afford anything. But Narciso played very well. Even if they have nowhere to go, work somewhere with better pay. So they have very little money to support their family. Narciso did a great job in the @NUM1 segment. "They were struggling personally and financially, braving a harsh northern winter," @CAPS1 said. @CAPS1 had to accept what was given to him at the time.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir are thoughts of sacrifice and generosity. @PERSON1's parents immigrated to @LOCATION1 from Cuba and embarked on a very risky and difficult journey to make @PERSON1 a more successful life. Parents give up seeing their family, friends and careers in the country they love. Narciso showed generosity, saying: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
In our blueprint for life memoir "Narciso @CAPS1", the mood is bliss as he has his legacy, family and friends, and the chance to create a new life at @LOCATION2. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states "The culinary skills and love that are still around me today. Passionate Cuban music". This quote is relevant because it shows that @PERSON2 is happy with his heritage. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states "family and friends, and celebrations that include both of them". This quote is relevant to my question because it shows that friends and family make Narciso happy. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it states "In America they have to start over and fully accept whatever job they can find." This sentence is relevant to my question because it shows that Narciso's family has something to gain from their life anything they want. That's the mood in our blueprint for life memoir "@PERSON2 @CAPS1".
The atmosphere created by the author's memoirs is... love and sacrifice. He often told them that what they did was braver than what I did. As he grew up in his environment, he deeply felt that "family" had nothing to do with blood. He often expressed admiration for their strength and perseverance to them and thanked them again and again. As he puts it, "He will never forget how his parents turned this simple house into a home".
@CAPS1 was created by @CAPS2 in @CAPS3, like in @CAPS4 @NUM1, it says my mother and my father had to come to this country with such courage without knowing that they came to this country selflessly language or culture, as many immigrants do to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love.
The emotion the author creates is respect. For example, it tells the boy that you don't have to be a blood relative. For example, the author said "@CAPS1 in this environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with being blood relatives". Another reason is that you should always help your family during difficult times. For example, the book states: "Countless extended family members come and go—often there are people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet". Third, boys are forever grateful for their parents' love and sacrifice. For example, the authors cite "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends, and careers in the country they love. .
I think the mood in this memoir will be happiness because his parents gave him happiness because his parents were always there for him. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. It shows how much they have done for him and he is grateful. Overall, it's about recognizing that family and happiness are unified.
The emotion created by Narciso Rodriguez in the story "Narciso Rodriguez" is sad. This is so because he always talks about how he doesn't know part of his real family and he lives in an apartment.
In the memoir, Narciso Rodriguez's "@PERSON1" has very strong and moving emotions. In the @NUM1 segment, Rodriguez said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This quote describes the sentiment as very loving, as he expresses the love of his life to his parents. Also, in a passage from @NUM1 Rodriguez, Rodriguez said: "...there is no way to express how grateful I am for the generosity that has impressed me in this situation. Young age, testament to family and The importance of friends." This line also describes a very calm and loving mood as he is very grateful for the life his parents gave him. In the seventh paragraph, the final scent really describes the mood. Because he knew how to show love to his parents and the house he grew up in, "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," the memoir describes the mood as very loving and grateful.
The atmosphere created by the author is more formal, with some informal parts. For example, a formal paragraph, like the first paragraph, sets the stage for the entire memoir, and uses a formal transition like "After [living]." Also, the paragraph is informative about his parents who immigrated to @ORGANIZATION1 from Cuba and how they were financially poor + unable to afford a luxurious house like they could in Cuba. The informal passage in the memoir is the sixth in which he describes how much he is grateful to his parents for being as selfless and giving as they were. He also uses informal transitions such as "but, [actually]". And these...,". It also just has an informal tone to that passage. As a conclusion, these parts of the memoir strike a good balance between formal + informal settings to keep the reader engaged.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the memoir has a mood. The emotions you set are about how you should be at home at peace. You should be grateful and grateful for what your parents did for you and what they gave you. Another mood is to keep your house open to family and friends. and hope they can do the same for you. And, whether you're poor or own a tiny house, "family" is always there. And the family 'can turn a simple house into a home'
The memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" creates an overall mood of happiness, but also some sadness. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author explains what it's like to live at home in Cuba. The way he describes his experiences in the kitchen cooking and listening to music gives readers a sense of warmth. It says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of life in our warm home." The quote doesn't just make readers happy for him , and they could see his family united. In the @NUM2 segment, he also shows his life with his family. "This is a tight-knit community of hard-working immigrants..." On the other hand, there is part of the story that makes readers feel sorry for him. In the @NUM3 and @NUM4 paragraphs, he explains his parents' hard life moving to @LOCATION1. "They are struggling both personally and financially" it said in the @NUM3 paragraph. It was upsetting to read this after hearing about all the good times he had with his parents. That's why the memoir ends and begins with two different emotions. There is both joy and sadness in the memoir Narciso Rodriguez.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is very nice and bright. He and his parents are going through tough times in their New Jersey home like quarantining @CAPS1-@CAPS2 like himself and not always having enough money. However, he and his family survived because his community was tight-knit, with immigrants from @ORGANIZATION2, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4 and elsewhere all coming together, ignoring their differences. They share food, share their homes, share the happiness between them. There is a certain trust between the communities, and every family opens doors for anyone, "knowing they'll do the same for [them]." (@NUM1 paragraph) To make this excerpt very lighthearted, Rodri Gus uses words such as "rich culinary skills and love of cooking", (¶@NUM2) "childhood innocence", (¶@NUM2), "hard work", (¶@NUM4)," Courage” and “Selflessness”, (¶@NUM5) “Thanksgiving…Love and Sacrifice”, “Admiration for their strength and perseverance,” “Generous Spirit”. (¶@NUM6). All of these words show that through unity, hope and courage, people can create a better life for each other, no matter how difficult their initial circumstances may be.
According to the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the emotions the author creates in his memoir can be described in a number of ways. First of all, the boy is very grateful to his parents and adores them very much. The second paragraph says, "The heart of the kitchen is the kitchen. Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (this I'm forever grateful ) .)" @CAPS1 More, his parents left Cuba for a better life for their kids there. In the fifth paragraph, it says: "They came here selflessly, like so many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and carers in the ones they loved. Country." @CAPS2, he thanked them and admired their toughness and conservation, and I've thanked them many times. "As you can see, the mood of the memoirs the authors create can be described in a number of ways.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is a very calm one. For me personally, home has always been a peaceful place. The author further emphasizes the mood, using words such as aroma, enthusiasm, etc. The author creates a calm, kind, gentle mood by talking about family and friends. In conclusion, the author creates a mood of calm and kindness by using words and themes that I find calm.
The mood the author (narciso Rodriguez) creates in his memoir is that he is grateful/appreciative of his life and also satisfied with his life. In this memoir, I think he's realized and is explaining what family really means, and he's grateful to have one. You'll understand this when you read this, because he said, "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." He also said, justifying his mood It's gratitude, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." @CAPS1 said so much, and I believe that's how he felt in his memoir.
He creates a calming outgoing mood for @CAPS1 where he allows readers to feel, smell and hear the Cuban, Spanish influences around him at home. The feel of his home is warm and bright, and the soothing, energetic Hispanic vibe running through @CAPS1 makes for a wonderful feeling for readers.
Narciso Rodriguez's reading "Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives" creates an atmosphere throughout the reading. That mood is pleasant and friendly. Their lives are built on the happiness of family and home. "My parents always have open arms and open doors," he said, showing that if family or friends need help, they are always there for them. It also says that people in your family don't have to be blood related, and many are welcome to eat with them. This shows how well and how well the community gets along. They'll also surround themselves with Cuban food and musical performances, proud of who they are, and create a nice and piecemeal setting for their new home.
Aurther talks about home and family, it will be a calm, caring and happy mood. The author creates these emotions by talking about memories and how her parents moved from Cuba to give their children a better life there and how they took in family members in need until they got back on their feet. She said her parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their rich cooking skills and love of cooking to me, which I still do today. Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. It’s kind of like a happy mood,” Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop of life in our warm home. It’s definitely a peace and joy Mood.
In this @CAPS1 print of my hometown memoir Narciso Rodriguez: Our Lives, I'm so happy and grateful. My grandparents moved to @CAPS2.S when my mom was six. They want her and her siblings to have a better life. That's why I'm grateful. I live in @LOCATION1. The mood is also very happy, because everyone loves each other. They don't have the best home, but there is love there. The music was on all the time and the family came a lot. The door to Rodriguez's house is always open. The last sentence of this memoir "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." It makes me smile, it's so beautiful. I feel so happy and grateful. Next time I see my grandparents, I will thank them for moving to @CAPS2.S and giving the family a better life.
I believe how the mood at the beginning of the story is through the air from @CAPS2 of @CAPS1 with the Cuban music and wonderful aroma of her house, I also think it gives a picture of laughter and happiness, and I think throughout the story @CAPS3 Telling @CAPS3 by spending time with the community his parents are teaching him that just because someone is not related by blood means they can't be as family as the package says, there taught him that it's love and care for you too people. As @CAPS3 continued to read this, it said his family was willing to take care of their loved ones and those in need in every way possible. @CAPS3 soon realized that all his family had given up their old lives so that they could provide him with a wonderful home and teach him a valuable lesson in life about what family really means.
In his memoir, how the author created this mood, he recounts how his parents lived in a very poor house at the time. His parents immigrated to @LOCATION1 where Narciso was born. He grew up in a slum. When he lived here, it was a time of racism and apartheid. Narciso didn't know his real grandparents until 1970, when they were allowed to leave Cuba. This is how the author creates emotions.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is warm, grateful, and very accessible to the reader. One emotion the author conveys very deeply is his love for his family. However, his "family" includes not only blood relatives, but also immigrants living nearby. "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together with great solidarity and friendship," he said. It is clear that the author feels very strongly about the good relationship his family has with other immigrants around him. His mood is warm and compassionate as he talks about how much everyone in his community means to him. The next emotion the author conveys is gratitude and admiration for the parents. In the @NUM1 segment, he talks about how he will forever be grateful to his parents for their sacrifice and hard work, and how he tells them countless times how much he admires their strength and courage. However, he felt that was not enough, saying: "But really, I cannot express how grateful I am for such a young spirit of generosity and the importance of family and friends." The sentiment expressed in this sentence is Gratitude, and even a bit of frustration, he couldn't fully express his gratitude to his parents.
The atmosphere was lively because in Cuba, which is the central government, they had to sneak into Cuba. Well, @CAPS2 thinks what his parents did to get him a better life. I'm like him, my parents flew to @LOCATION1 and we only had a stop at @DATE1, but we overdid it. As the years went by and we had nothing or documents, we @CAPS1 got the documents and ended up with the beloved green card. So @CAPS2 is very fulfilling and honorable to his parents for what they did.
In Narciso Rodriguez's own memoir from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, it talks about the life of a fashion designer. An example is in the @NUM1 page @NUM2 paragraph, which talks about his background Narciso says "My parents, originally from Cuba, arrived in America in 1956..." The paragraph goes on to talk about his parents and their name. Next is paragraph @NUM3 page @NUM2. This allowed him to grow up in a new environment. For example, he said, "Growing up in this great "family" that was newly instilled in me had nothing to do with blood. Quite the contrary, our community was largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants, and it was clear at the time that racism was the U.S. Prevailing apartheid norms.” @CAPS1 on page @NUM5 paragraph @NUM6. It shows how he loves his house in the mood. For example, he said "...I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood or many things, or where I learned how to love." In short, that's how mood creates the author.
The author creates many emotions in the story. While reading this story, I feel happy, sometimes sad, and generally feel good. The emotions the author is trying to express are joy and unity. Although there are many cultural and ethnic backgrounds in his neighborhood, they all blend together. Then at other times, I feel bad because he grew up in America and racism is still there. This story makes me feel good because the author tries to say that it is not the material things that make you happy, but the family and friends that surround you every day.
The mood or general atmosphere that Narciso Rodriguez creates in Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives is joyful, peaceful and grateful. “The innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm home.” (¶@NUM1) The author explains to us how his home is Calm and happy. They had many celebrations with family and friends and everyone cared about each other. “In our community, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship.” (¶ @NUM2) The author lives in a friendly community that doesn’t have much racism. “My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us.” (¶ @NUM3) They don’t just think about blood families. Many are family to them. They always support each other and have many celebrations. Most of the time, it's just a group of people who love each other and get along very well. The author is also grateful, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." The author's parents moved to @LOCATION1 to do the best for their children. They must find new jobs so that their children can live happily ever after. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
I believe it's more of a "thank you" in memoirs, and here are three reasons. I think Narciso Rodriguez is thanking his parents for giving him a good childhood. Like in the excerpt "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. I think the other reason he thanked his parents was because he was complimenting them. In the excerpt" I often tell them , they did something far braver than I ever did. "@CAPS1 Narciso is forever grateful to his parents. As in the excerpt "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." "It's Three Ways to Mood Memoir is more of a "thank you" kind of thing.
In the @NUM1 paragraph of the article, it says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did." I think the author created in his memoir The mood is happy because Narciso is very grateful to his parents.
In Home's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez": The blue @CAPS1 is life and it gives you so many different moods. One of the moods it gave me was joy, and I was in that mood because he said that Cuban music fills the air, and Cuban music is generally happy. I know Cuban music from when it said "passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) is in the air" @CAPS2 @NUM1. I also got a welcoming mood because his parents always let people in. I know his parents did it from when it said "my parents always opened their doors to a lot of people we consider family" @CAPS2 @NUM2. In the end, this gave me a feeling of love. I feel this way because his parents work hard because they love their children. I know this from when it says "they have to start their lives completely over, take whatever job they can find" @CAPS2 @NUM3. These are the sentiments from Home's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez: Blue in Our Lives @CAPS1."
The emotion Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir is gratitude. Throughout his memoir, Rodriguez talks about the life his parents gave him and how grateful he is.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso is really happy and in a good mood when @CAPS1 describes his home. @CAPS1 makes readers feel how much @CAPS1 loves his home. @CAPS1 also created a feeling of gratitude as @CAPS1 described how much his parents sacrificed for his upbringing. "I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity and the importance of family and friends at such a young age." @CAPS1 creates an ecstatic vibe that readers want to be in his home. It's a mood set by Narciso Rodriguez, @CAPS1 showing readers how awesome his home really is.
This passag has a very calm and pleasant mood. He is looking back on his childhood and memories. He talked about the cheerful house, people and neighbors. You can imagine the house and smell the fragrance. Narciso sets a really good background and tone, and the whole passage is full of energy. You could tell he was passionate about what she wrote. He showed genuine admiration for his childhood and the people with whom he shared it. His feelings about her childhood are beautifully portrayed in this piece, which really helps the reader get into a sense of well-being and community. Her gratitude melts into the atmosphere and makes the whole article a fun read.
The main emotion the author portrays is comfort or family, as his parents gave up everything and came to America to give Narciso a good childhood, which he did. Narciso's parents turned a small apartment into a happy, cozy place where people would go for happy reunions. The single force that remains brings people together. That's how Narciso grew up and was lucky and grateful.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are grateful. First, the author shows her greatness by praising her parents. She said: "My parents had to come to this country with so much courage, without any knowledge of the language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, as many immigrants do, in order for their children to live a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love” (@NUM1). The author is grateful because her parents came to @LOCATION1. But she was grateful because they came not for themselves, but for her. They gave up everything they had for her. Next, all her thanks show that she is grateful. The author told his parents that she "admired their strength and perseverance" (@NUM2) and "thanks them time and time again" (@NUM2). The author expresses her gratitude through her words to her parents. She thanked them for their persistence and strength throughout the process and thanked them again and again. Finally, when they left home, she was grateful. She revealed, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@NUM4). She is grateful here when the author recognizes the house she lived in, the house her parents worked so hard to get to. And now, he's grateful they have enough money to have a bigger home. The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are grateful.
The mood in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is very loving, grateful and warm. First of all, the way Narciso describes his family and friends and family life is very endearing, clearly expressing his love for the people around him and the buildings he lives in. The memoir says, "I will never forget that house or its gracious community or where I learned so much about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). It certainly shows how much he loves his family, home and friends and how they taught him how to care and love others. It brings a strong feeling of love to the reader. Another important contributor to the mood of the story is Narciso's gratitude for growing up in such a wonderful home. The memoir reads: "I have often expressed to them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I have repeatedly thanked them. But in reality, I cannot express my gratitude for the generosity that has left on me. So young age” (@CAPS1 @NUM2). Through the text, you can almost feel his selfless gratitude for his happy childhood and his parents. Finally, there is a warmth that has a big impact on the mood of the memoir. The memoir states, “Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of life in our warm home” (@CAPS1 @NUM3). Narciso was made better by the warmth and involvement of his home, and just as warmth formed the context of his life, it also formed the emotional context of his memoirs.
The mood of this memoir is caring and loving. Even though everyone in the neighborhood is not blood related, they are still family. Everyone in the neighborhood was welcoming and he told us his mother always opened her doors to those who welcomed her. When they all party, everyone is happy to have what they have. Narciso is very happy with the life his parents gave him and he can never thank them enough. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," he said. His parents are also very grateful for Narciso's gratitude. Everyone in this "home" will always be in love
The emotions depicted by the author are love and solidarity. The author describes his love for his parents as he explains how selfless they immigrated to @LOCATION1 and sacrificed so much for their children. They also show solidarity by explaining the closeness of neighbors and family members. They both share similar cultures, and they consider a lot of people in nearby families, even if they're not blood relatives. A lot of their family lives nearby and they spend a lot of time together, usually for dinner as mentioned in the @NUM1 paragraph.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The blue prints of our life by Narciso Rodriguez, Narciso explains the atmosphere of his home. One way is in the passage @NUM1, when he says "passionate Cuban music mixed with the aroma of the kitchen". This @CAPS1 is a family mood. It gives you a warm family feel. Another way is in the @NUM2 paragraph. "My parents always have open arms to the many people we consider family," he said. This gives a feeling of love and care. It also gives a family feel. The last way Narciso explains this sentiment is in the @NUM3 paragraph. In this passage, he just gives an overall warm and inviting mood. He said how grateful he was to his parents. He really @CAPS1 is in the mood to thank them for everything they do. These are a few ways in which Narciso @CAPS1 memoirs emotions.
The mood of this memoir is one of love and kindness. In paragraph @NUM1 it says: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who To those who are not sure of their own kind, obviously need to." This shows how close and friendly the community around the house is. @NUM2 ends the paragraph: "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone is with us for a while until they can get back on their feet. My parents were always open to the many, open doors we think Family people, know they will do the same for us. The way her parents help the community shows their universal love and kindness to all. Finally, in the @NUM2 paragraph it says: "It's warm in the In this humble house, with a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal one) in the kitchen, the air is full of not only smell and music, but life and love. It was here that I learned the definition of "family". To that end, I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. "It goes straight to the point that the 'smell' or emotion is loving and that's where he learned how to love. The emotion of this article is very loving and kind.
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates a warm and loving mood. First, he talked about his welcome home. Rodriguez wrote, "...the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration of both..." (@NUM1) This suggests that Narciso's home is for anyone open. In addition, he talked about how close he was to other people. Narciso wrote that "..." the family "has nothing to do with blood" (@NUM2). This shows that everyone around him is like family. In the end, his parents were able to support these bonds. He wrote, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (p.@NUM3). This shows that Narciso's parents had to go through a lot to make this happen. Overall, Rodriguez created a solidarity of love.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The Blueprints of our life, the author creates emotions of love and sacrifice. In the memoir, the author shows the love not only between children and parents, but the whole community. The author demonstrates sacrifice by showing what parents have to give up in order to give their children a better life. In the memoir, it talks a lot about the neighborhood, "All these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship. It was a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reached out to people hand." This shows the intimacy of people nearby, which also represents love. Narciso's parents showed sacrifice. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and career in the country they love." This shows What his parents left for him represents sacrifice. The author also mentions at the end that "I will never forget that house or its gracious community or the many things I learned there about how to love." This connects the emotions throughout the memoir. Love and sacrifice are the keynotes that run through the author's memoirs.
In this paragraph, I will tell you about the emotions the author created in the memoir I just read. One of the author's moods is happy. I say this because every time he talks about being Cuban or about his family, there is joy or pride in his voice. Plus, when he talks about Spain, Italy and Cuba, they all love being a family. His other mood was a little sad. I say this because when he talks about how he didn't become a real grandparent until 1970. He sounded a little frustrated. I also find him to be a very happy man for the rest of the memoir. These are the emotions I think the author created in his memoir.
The memoir Narciso Rodriguez: A Blueprint for Our Lives, written by Home, embodies a mood of happiness and warmth, which can be described in a number of ways. Happiness is an apt description of the mood in the story, as the narrator keeps referring to the happy nature that fills her apartment. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop for life in our warm house. This represents how happiness spreads in their home, Everyone is free to be who they want to be. As such, Narciso's home is a warm, happy environment. Another example of describing the emotions in the memoir is how Narciso explains that there is always a friend or family member in the house. "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." This quote from Narciso further explains how growing up surrounded by love, laughter and warmth came about A positive influence, that influence is instilled in a person forever. It also reflects that the mood of the story is happy. Finally, a final example that summarizes how emotions are described in the memoir is how the author illustrates Narciso's admiration for his parents. He described how the words expressed his gratitude to his parents and how he admired them for leaving their hometown to support their family. This helps in how the emotions of happiness are present in the memoir content and further describes the emotions the author creates.
The mood in this memoir changes throughout the story. First, the mood starts with being friendly. "In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This tells us that everyone in the neighborhood is fine. In the middle of the story, the emotions are strong and firm. "They are struggling personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters." This tells people that they must stay strong in difficult times. Finally, the ending of the story is wonderful. "I'll never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." This illustrates how grateful the narrator is. All in all, the emotions in the story come together nicely.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso recounts how his family turned his house into a home. The emotions he sets throughout his memoir are love, selflessness, and gratitude. The memoir is loved for the @NUM1 paragraph, Rodriguez recalls, "Countless extended family members came and went - often someone was with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet. My parents always It's an open door to the many people we think of as family who know they'll do the same for us." It shows love because even though they're not blood related, they still think of themselves as family and care for each other unbelievably. The memoir also has a selfless sentiment, as Rodriguez says they acted selflessly to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved, In the end faced many hardships. new country. The last emotion expressed in this memoir is gratitude. Narciso Rodriguez is grateful for his culinary abilities, his love for Cuban music, and his parents' love and sacrifice. Especially he is grateful for how his parents turned his simple house into a home.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood created by the author is respectful. First, Narciso's parents were courageous. When Narciso talks about his parents, he says, "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture" (Rodriguez paragraph @NUM1). Narciso described the parents' actions as "so brave" that they deserved the respect. @CAPS1 Above all, Narciso's parents want a better life for their children. When Narciso explained why his parents came to the United States, he said: "They came to the United States selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even though it meant their families, Friends and careers have left the country they love" (Rodriguez paragraph @NUM1). When it says "They came...to give their children a better life," it shows that Narciso's parents love their children so much that they do everything they can to give their children a better future, which deserves respect. Finally, Narciso is very grateful for what his parents did. When Narciso described his feelings about his parents, he said, "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice" (Rodriguez paragraph @NUM3). When the author says "I will always be grateful", it shows that the author appreciates what his parents have done for him and therefore shows respect. All in all, in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the emotions created by the author are respected.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happiness. He/she is not sad at all because all his/her memories are happy. His/her memory taught him/her what family is. The author's tone is joy. "Endless celebration" "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship". None of his/her recollections he/she talks about show any sadness as he made lifelong friends. The author shows us a sense of calm and gratitude for what has happened. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. The author would like to express a huge thank you to his/her parents for all they did for him/her. Narciso Rodriguez has many fond memories through his/her parents. Narciso Rodriguez's The memoir is not sad at all, his/her memory taught his/her family.
In "Narciso Rodriguez" in the memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives", the author creates an atmosphere in the memoir in a number of ways. For example, the author is in a mood of begging love for memories. In the second paragraph, he says "...the love of cooking is still with me to this day." Moreover, the author has a caring mood in the middle of his memoir. In the fourth paragraph, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." Finally, the author's sed mood is not over yet. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he says "they are struggling both personally and financially..." In conclusion, the author creates a mood in the memoir in many ways.
The mood of @CAPS1 in the text is like a kind of happiness and @CAPS2, relax and be grateful. Because their grandparents are from Cuba. Narciso Rodriguez found it difficult to start a family in the United States as an immigrant from Cuba. Because you have to start your whole life all over again so you can get a job and support your family. That's what I think is the mood of this essay in memoir.
In this memoir, the mood is very light and cordial. It gives you a sense of peace and community. The author has made several attempts to express appreciation. Not specifically for any one thing, just thanks. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, he put phrases in parentheses for no reason, just to express gratitude for his childhood. Because of this, you get a sense of peace and goodness while reading. Because he repeatedly expressed his gratitude, the mood was relaxed and not serious.
The author created a unique mood in his memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives. What the author says about his memory, the emotion is love/caring/kindness. It's love because he's talking about all the intimacy he has with family and friends. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." It's also sad because throughout the process, he has been thanking his parents for what he did everything. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." There is another mood to be happy, happy from all the good memories. He talked about all his family and friends playing outside and having a good time. In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates a unique mood.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is a very loving and caring one. This is because the author tells about everything his parents gave up in order for him to live a good life. It means his parents really love him because they want him to grow up and have a good life. Here's what they can find in @LOCATION1. They cared so much about them because when they moved to @LOCATION1 they took care of not only their kids but others in need. To them, everyone in their neighborhood is their family, and they all take care of each other. The mood is really loving and caring because it shows how a group of people are so close that they love and care for each other like a family. Regardless, even in difficult times, one of them will always have the door open for them and they can always get their message across. That's what family is all about.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very cheerful, proud and happy. He shows that growing up in such a wonderful @CAPS1 @CAPS2 family and home, he finds his experience at home very special. He believed that growing up in this environment instilled a great feeling that family had nothing to do with blood relatives. He is very grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents and could not ask for more. Growing up in such a wonderful place, he will never forget how his parents turned his simple house into a home.
In this memoir, the author creates a mood. The emotion this author creates is gratitude. I say thank you because Narciso Rodriguez is so great and so happy to have two loving, caring, selfless parents. He is grateful that he not only owns a house, but a warm, comfortable home where he grew up and has so many memories. He is grateful to have all the perks of a traditional Cuban family, food, music, and all the people Narciso is grateful that his parents basically just gave up their lives and everything so he could have a better life . Nariso can't imagine @CAPS1 to @LOCATION1 don't know the language, know nothing and leave everything he knows behind. However, his parents did just that. They paid too much for him. He appreciates it. I think the mood the writer chose for this story is perfect.
I think @CAPS1 is happy in some ways. And then the rest of the part @CAPS1 is sad because @CAPS1 is talking about her first house in America. Happy @CAPS1 because @CAPS1 can look back and be happy.
The mood of this memoir is @CAPS1. I say this @CAPS2 his family always gets the neighbors over and they are like family. His parents let people stay with them "until they get back on their feet". @CAPS3 admires his parents' "strength and perseverance". went through everything they went through.
The mood of the memoir will be redefined. It would be a redemptive mood as it talks about struggles like being an unwanted person and being poor. It also talks about how a community that is going through the same struggles can come together to help each other. The author also mentions how her parents did a lot to help her get where she is today. It will be a redemptive mood since there are traditions that help the writer to succeed.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is probably gratitude. One way of feeling grateful is how much Narciso likes his culture. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air and mixes with the aroma of the kitchen." It shows how grateful he is for his culture. Another way is how much he is not really family. "Alegria often graces our table. Sergio and Edelmira are also at the table...my aunts Bertha and Juanita and my cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary...are often at our table." This shows his gratitude to him All extended family members owned. In the end is how his parents take care of him. "However, in reality, I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity that has left me growing up..." It shows how grateful he is to his parents for teaching him the importance of family and friends.
The sentiment in this memoir is that Narciso is happy and grateful for the sacrifice and will of his parents that made Narciso's life better and indeed gave him more opportunities in life.
@CAPS1's mood is @CAPS2 and happy because Narciso Rodriguez's parents immigrated from Cuba to @LOCATION1. Parents lived in a studio apartment for a year, and when Narciso Rodriguez was born, they moved to a house in @NUM1. Parents trying to make the house look like @CAPS3.
The mood set by the author is very solemn. He begins by recounting the landscape of his life during apartheid. It's hard because he's Cuban. He doesn't have a lot of money and lives in an apartment. His life today is like a sub-par life. By the middle, the memoir is still serious, but in a sense happier. Happier because we know he could have more chances in life at @LOCATION1. He grew up and actually met and made friends. Plus, he has a loving family who do everything they can to make his life easier. His memoirs are well written and enthusiastic. Emotions started to get a little shaky and serious. He then got into a happier mood by telling his parents and family how they were kind to him. It ends in the same mood and begins in the middle of the paragraph, happy.
The mood in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is one of comfort. It's comfortable because when I read the memoir, it reminds me of my own family life. How important my family is to me. It also allows us to see how full and good he is. I mean I love his description of the kitchen cooking the food and all the smells. Also, great music playing and people who always come to visit. And all the wonderful home comforts we all crave. That's how I felt when I read Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs.
In the memoir, the mood is very loving, @CAPS1, thank you. Moods are filled with love in many different ways. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." Also, "It was a gracious community, or where I learned a lot about how to love." @CAPS1 also expressed in this memoir. "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other sanctuaries to celebrate their arrival in this country, and I celebrated my first birthday there." @CAPS1 says more family meals. The biggest emotion in the memoir is his gratitude to his parents. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." In addition, "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again."
This mood is unforgettable because he likes to recall everything he did in his childhood. He also put the memories he really liked in parentheses. He also thanked everyone for everything he did in his life. That's why unforgettable is the memory of his life.
The mood created by @CAPS1 in The memoir is soothing @CAPS2. I explained @CAPS2 Narciso's situation at his parents' house. The passage also explains how many friends he has. Narciso is grateful for his heritage, which helps create a good mood.
In the memoir, a @NUM1-year-old Narciso Rodriguez, Sr. good, can afford to move to the humble three-bedroom apartment that will soon be called home. (@CAPS1 @NUM2) He was born in 1961 in a humble house in Newark, New Jersey. @PERSON1, Sr.'s mood is like his great, kind, traditional and happy man. Narciso is great because his parents passed on a wealth of cooking skills and a love of cooking to him. He's happy because he can move into an affordable three-bedroom apartment. @PERSON1 is traditional as he will listen to Cuban music, the smell of the kitchen fills the air (@CAPS1 @NUM3) and he will have a Cuban feast that brings life and love (@CAPS1 @NUM4). His nanny, his first friend, lived on top of him, adding meals to his kitchen. This person has been very successful in life because his traits reveal the community he is in.
In Narciso Rodriguez, the memoir of Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives, the author explains what family and home really mean. The emotion is very deep and human as he describes the love and selflessness expressed by his family. He explained that his parents immigrated from Cuba and moved to @LOCATION1 so that their son Narciso could have a better and more successful life. Reading this memoir, I can imagine Narciso expressing his gratitude to his parents and family very emotionally. He explained, "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home" (@NUM1). This sentence and the last few paragraphs changed the atmosphere considerably. It ranges from the joy, appreciation and interpretation of his life to the deep, incredibly personal and complete thought of him. Narciso was full of love and admiration for his family and friends, as most people should be able to experience as Narciso wrote in his memoirs.
The mood created by the author is very unique. The author is recalling and cherishing his memory of his hometown. He described his home, saying how brave and courageous his parents were to give him a better life, how culturally rich his family was, and how often his family and neighbors would always visit because the times were tough, but The authors' parents never rejected them. The author says it was the perfect childhood and describes it in such a detailed and lighthearted way, which is why the mood is so unique and special.
The atmosphere created by the author is warm, welcoming and grateful. When the author describes his home, it feels warm and welcome. He made me feel like I was invited to his house with open arms and I could feel my surroundings. He showed a sense of gratitude as he explained how grateful he was to his parents for everything they sacrificed and how grateful he was for everything they did for him. He shows the warmth and love of his family in the passage.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez creates a strong emotion for the reader. First, on the right side of the bat, I felt the love and thoughtfulness that I still feel throughout the story. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their family, friends and career in the country they love. " I immediately thought of my parents. My father gave up his career and my mother gave up her family to give me and my brothers a better life. This feeling is indescribable. I can't describe how grateful I am, as Narciso was. Second, my admiration for Narciso. She described her parents well and put me in her shoes. "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and @CAPS1 thank them again and again. What her parents have done for her is incredible and worth learning from." From Narciso's story, I get a sense of admiration, greatness, and connection, which I believe is the emotion she creates throughout the story.
His mood was both happy and dissatisfied. They also say how his/her life is, so I think the book is good. Or we can say articles. It's like his/her life story.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, you can really see the emotions of love, friendship and perseverance created. In the second paragraph you can see the love in Narciso Rodriguez's life and family. “Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop for our life in a warm home. Love is definitely one that runs through the Rodriguez home. Big mood, and it's captured very well in this memoir. Another emotion that is very strong in Rodriguez's memoir is friendship. In the last sentence of the fourth paragraph, you can see, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, because they know they will do the same for us." This sentence The words embody the friendship and love of the Rodriguez family, always lending a helping hand. A final emotion strongly expressed in this memoir is perseverance. The Rodriguez family moved from Cuba into a studio apartment in New Jersey, the apartment reads in the first paragraph. The Rodriguez family took any job they could get, wanting only the best for their children. The Rodriguez family always rose when they fell, and in this memoir, that sentiment shines brightly. Family is very important to him and that sentiment is evident in this memoir from @PERSON1.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates a heartwarming, comforting mood for readers. First, we see that this comforting mood is built through the environment. "Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes," (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This creative love setting gives readers a sense of comfort while reading this article. Next, we see this warmth in Rodriguez's phrasing. "...can't express the generosity of my spirit that impressed me at such a young age..." (@CAPS1 @NUM2). This rich, vivid choice of words creates a caring atmosphere throughout. Finally, the family's background started a bit bitter and frustrating when Rodriguez explained their financial precariousness in @CAPS1 @NUM3, but then we see the family move to @LOCATION1 and find in their new home comfort. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us," (@CAPS1 @NUM4). This sense of family contributes to the heartwarming mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in this memoir.
The emotions the author creates in this memoir are love and gratitude. The authors try to convey their message of how much a family is connected and how much is to be grateful for. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows the author's gratitude for love. He also tried to say there was no way to express his affection and love to his parents. "However, I can't really express my testament to the generosity and the importance of family and friends that impressed me at such a young age." The authors' main point is to thank their parents for everything they did . "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home"
The emotions the author creates in this memoir are love, happiness, and selflessness. A memoir that emphasizes the emotion of love is when the author mentions, "Here I learned the true definition of family. I will never forget that house or its gracious neighbors or the many things I learned there about how to love." The emotion of this excerpt is love as it explains how much he cares about his family and neighbors. There are many clips in this memoir that give a sense of selflessness, so, "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their families. , friends and careers, in a country they love.” It shows their selflessness by explaining how they leave work, family and friends, all to give their children what is best for them. The overall mood of the story is happy as it explains their happiness, struggle, courage, happy outcome and beloved memories.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of admiration. I think it's a feeling of admiration because Narciso admires the fact that both his parents have left "their families, friends and careers in the country they love." The @CAPS1 mood set by the memoir is that of family and friends. I think the memoir sets the mood of family and friends because it talks about what family means, for example in the @NUM1 paragraph the author says "Growing up in this environment instilled in me a strong sense that 'family' 'Existence has nothing to do with blood relatives.' This means that even if someone is not blood related to you, you can love them as you love them. The @CAPS1 memoir says "I learned the true definition of 'family'. For that, I will never forget that house or its gracious neighbors, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget Will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." That means his parents turned a tiny house into a welcome. A place full of love, carrying too many memories.
The mood the author creates is grateful and happy. Feeling grateful because Narciso is so happy that his parents moved to @LOCATION1 and started their wonderful home. Narciso is grateful for this because he grew up in an environment he loves. The mood created by the author is happy. In a good mood because Narciso is happy that he grew up around people who love him. It made him happy because he knew he was safe and loved with these people. It made Narciso happy when his divided communities came together to form one. Feeling grateful and happy. I will be grateful for that too, happiness is the key to building friendships and families.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, emotions reflect family values and memories. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, she explains that her family is from Cuba and they raised her in a replica of a traditional Cuban family. She told us that her parents would not only cook traditional Cuban food, but also teach her how to cook. Then another example is from the @NUM2 segment when she told us her family was with her a lot like aunts and uncles, cousins, grandparents, they @CAPS1 stayed with her until they were able to get back on their feet. Finally in paragraphs @NUM3, @NUM4 and @NUM5 explaining the sacrifices her parents had to make to start a new life in America and how her family was accepted in other shelters and how she will never forget Her parents and all the house-related memories.
The emotions of this memoir are love and family. The author sends a message to her readers when a person leaves something they once had. Her tone expresses mood through passionate writing. Mood is basically being happy with what you have. That's how the family wrote about the behavior in this memoir.
The mood was a little sad at first, but then Narciso started to realize the good things in her life, like how her mom turned a simple place into a home, she said she was grateful for her Cuban heritage, in @NUM1 paragraph She said she is most grateful to her loving and selfless parents, whom she loves so much because they did everything not just for her, but for the world.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of joy and gratitude. Great mood as kid Narciso is happy his parents moved to @LOCATION1. He is also happy because his house is not only a house, but a home. Relative Narciso is grateful because his parents let others into the house until they have something else to call home. He's also thankful that he got his parents' superb cooking skills so he can do well. He also thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. The mood we deserve is a happy and calm mood, we read this because they are nothing exciting, but they are the parts that make you happy for what they do and you feel calm, Because as I said, they don't really jump on you. It's just a life story.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joyful and optimistic. In his memoir, the author describes his home, which, despite its small size, his parents made him feel warm and comfortable. Among his neighbors, all are friends and look out for each other when they need help. The author's home reflects Cuban culture because of his parents. The author describes the hardships his parents had to go through, such as not getting a good job trying to adapt to the cold climate. Although they have their own troubles, they are selfless and don't let their troubles come to them. The author is very grateful to his parents for giving him a home and teaching him a real family.
The mood @CAPS1 creates is one of happiness and gratitude. @CAPS1 shows that he will always be grateful for what his parents did for him. He also said he admired them and honestly, nothing they did could ever repay them. This shows @CAPS1 @CAPS4 how hard his parents work to make his life better. He is always great.
In Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives' memoir "@PERSON1," the mood is set from the start. The first words to Start the mood were, "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still love to this day ( I am very grateful for that).” Explains that the author is grateful and happy. The memoir also said: "The passionate Cuban music (which I still like) fills the aroma of the kitchen." It shows how proud the author is. The memoir also mentions at the end, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." This again shows the author's gratitude. In this passage, the emotions are set from the beginning to be gratitude, joy, and love.
The mood created by this memoir is a warm feeling, how much he loves his parents, how much he loves his hometown, and how grateful he is for his parents' selflessness.
This teacher is in a difficult and depressed mood, but he is grateful. Now I will explain it to you. The mood is a bit difficult and frustrating because there is a different culture and a brand new language. Also in the US, you have to find a new job. This short story is also appreciated because you have an amazing opportunity to start a better life and get a good education.
The title of the story is Narciso Rodriguez. The author is @CAPS1 Narciso Rodriguez I think the author gave this story in a very good mood. The author knows when to get excited and when not to, and his stories are well written. The author adds explanations when the author is happy or sad. So for me, I think it's a good story and I love it. Moods follow.
The author creates a feeling of gratitude. The author writes about how his parents had a good job in Cuba but gave up everything to give their children a better life. He also wrote about how he grew up and his parents taught him music, cooking and family. His parents never got the jobs they deserved because of the barriers to working for their kids. The author thanked his parents for everything they had done for him to enable him to live a better life.
The mood created by the memoirist exposes a variety of emotions and contrasts. In the @NUM1 and @NUM2 paragraphs, the author talks a lot about culture and he explains how they can't live without practice in life. "Abundant culinary skills and love for cooking (for which I am deeply grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I still enjoy)..." In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all of this The cultures all come together so well together”. Another emotion the author captures is that of greatness. In the sixth paragraph, the author explains how he appreciates the strength and courage shown by his parents in moving from Cuba. “I will Forever grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was the braver thing I could have done. The last way the author creates emotions is in the last sentence of the memoir. The author says, "I will never forget my parents who turned this simple house into a home". This sentence expresses a sense of family reunion. Gratitude. He looks to his parents to make his life as good as it is today. Here are some emotional memoirs the author has created throughout.
Throughout the story, Narciso Rodriguez presents examples of his family's gratitude, love and solidarity for the struggles they overcame and the legacy they are proud of. Paragraph @NUM1 illustrates Narciso's fond memories of his house and childhood. Paragraph @NUM2 shows Narciso's strong sense of family in his local @CAPS1 community. Paragraph @NUM3 explains Narciso's parents' difficult journey from Cuba to @LOCATION1, and Paragraph @NUM4 explains how grateful Narciso is for their parents' hard work and determination for their children to live a good life. "In this humble house, in the warmth of the kitchen, the Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not only scent and music, but life and love," concludes the entire article, showing Narciso's love for With his warm gratitude and concern, welcome home to celebrate life, love and their Cuban culture.
The author of this memoir presents a feeling of gratitude and joy. I believe it was that sentiment, because in his memoir he talked a lot about how he was grateful that his parents were so loving and selfless people that they left their home country of Cuba just for the sake of their children. He shows joy in his house and community by bringing all the good things in life with his parents. For example, he's talking about how all the cultures in his area get along. He also talked about the quality time he had in the kitchen with his parents. The memoir he left behind was definitely a negative memoir, not a negative one.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, this mood is filled with love and happiness. When Narciso talks about his parents, he starts talking about how they have always loved and cared. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice... I learned how to love there. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This explains because of Narciso's Parents, the whole house is full of love. Also, the way Narciso talks about his parents shows that he loves his parents. It also shows happiness because he will never forget his home, it must be good there. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home." This shows that the house is filled with happiness and warmth. This is because of all the friends, family and celebrations. In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, the mood is filled with love and happiness.
The mood created by the author is excellent. The atmosphere is nice and warm. The author talks about how the heart of home is in the kitchen; Cuban music is always playing which creates a happy, cheerful mood. The authors then talk about how their home is always open and welcoming to family and friends. Finally creating a warm, loving atmosphere, the author talks about Cuban festivals and close relatives after reading the story, and feels like part of a family.
Narciso creates an atmosphere that expresses family bonds and community solidarity. Brings a positive and friendly mood to the memoir by showing how every member of the community is willing to help each other. Additionally, he shows how members of the community see each other as family, regardless of race or ethnicity. This gives the memoir a feeling of love and acceptance.
In this memoir, a very important emotion is depicted, and that is gratitude. In this memoir, Narciso is very grateful to her parents and how they gave up everything about the country they loved, Cuba, in order to give their children more opportunities and a better life. Also in this memoir, it talks about her parents making the most of what they had and always helping people in the community with the hope that they would reciprocate their help when needed. In their neighborhood, all races are united, despite customs elsewhere. At @LOCATION1, her parents struggled both personally and nuanced, they had to accept that they might not get the jobs they deserve, but they did it all for their children, who had to endure hard times in order to make their Children get better. Narciso has repeatedly thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice, but he actually said there was no way to express his gratitude. Narciso said he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home. The perseverance of his parents was the foundation of his life today, and it taught him a great lesson.
The mood the author creates I think he's in a good mood because the story doesn't say anything bad, it says happiness, how parents rate their @CAPS1 without any help from anyone, and their @CAPS1 when they're big, They are happy and proud.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is proud because he is grateful for all the things he is proud of that he learned in his childhood. An example of this is when the author talks about his Cuban heritage and how he still loves Cuban music. He is also proud of his parents immigrating to @LOCATION1 to start a better life for him. He's also proud because everyone accepts each other even though they're from a different background than the others he lives nearby. Another reason he's proud is because his parents would help bring so many people home. The author is most proud of his parents for his love and sacrifice. They love everyone and they sacrifice a lot to get where they are. The mood of the author in the memoir is that he is very proud of what his parents did.
The author of the memoir is about a boy who grew up in @LOCATION1 and loves his first home. The @CAPS1 of this story is that happiness can be created and maintained in one place. The boy in the story is happy with how his parents took care of him and gave him a safe environment to grow up in, he says home is @CAPS2 feel very happy and want to be there for the rest of your life.
The mood of this memoir is light, happy and grateful. Narciso makes their home feel calm and relaxing. "A great feeling that family has nothing to do with blood." This shows how happy @CAPS1 is with his family and the life @CAPS1 shares with all "family". @CAPS1 is so grateful to his parents for giving him a good life and for giving up his life in Cuba, please come to @LOCATION1 to help him live a better life. "I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
The mood in this memoir is almost remorseful, thinking of his childhood home, his family life, including his neighbors and extended family Narciso Rodriguez creates a feeling of coming home, surrounded by your loved ones. He explained that his first friend was his nanny and the person who lived on top of him. And his real grandparents were still in Cuba, so his downstairs neighbor became his surrogate grandparents. He also created a feeling of nowhere to go when his parents were looking for work in America. They have to accept jobs of incompetence. He said his parents "came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their families, friends and careers in the country they love". He feels this is one of the reasons why his childhood house became home.
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez describes his loving family and creates a mood of appreciation, love and warmth, comfort for readers. The author thanks his parents for their acts of kindness and love. It makes the reader feel admiration for his parents, and the author tries to create a sense of appreciation and gratitude for his parents. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author explains how grateful he is to his parents; "But really, I can't express my generosity that has impressed me at such a young age and testifies to friends and family The importance of it.” The author is also trying to create a comfortable mood. As he explains the atmosphere of his home, he tries to create a warm atmosphere; "Here, innocent childhood, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both make up our warm home. life context.” (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The words are comforting and add to the warm atmosphere. The author also tries to create a feeling of love as he is explaining the caring behavior of his parents. In the @NUM3 paragraph, the author describes his generous parents, "My parents always opened their arms and doors to...many people...I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice" (@CAPS1 @NUM3-@NUM1 ). This shows the generosity of his parents and the author tries to create a feeling of love. @ORGANIZATION1 Cultivate a feeling of gratitude, comfort and caring.
The mood the author is trying to create is a feeling of hope, family and happiness. The hope is @CAPS1 as his family helps others by keeping them with them for a while until they get back on their feet, which provides hope for the extended family. Family is @CAPS1 because in the last paragraph he explains how to get to the definition of "family" in this tiny apartment by welcoming refugees, celebrating his first birthday, and having a loving, caring environment. In the end I think happiness is @CAPS1 because he is explaining how grateful he is that his parents came to America to give him a better life, and in the second paragraph he explains how his home environment is full of cooking and music, This may be the factor that affects happiness. These are some of the emotions the author is trying to express.
In his memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" (who is also the author), he is writing about his life-changing experience. The mood of poetry is happy. His parents immigrated to the United States from Cuba in 1956. Growing up, he learned about all Cuban traditions and envied them. He is very proud of the risks his parents took for him. That's why the mood of the story is happy.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates several emotions such as comfort, empathy, and a sense of family. When I started reading, I was comforted by the author's writing about family and family. My heart is especially warm when he talks about his fond memories of his friends. As the author goes on to say, you can't help but feel a sense of security. But once you read on and go to @CAPS1 @NUM1, the mood darkens. The author talks about the hardships his parents had to endure in order to give him a better life. I read it seriously, and my heart was filled with the feeling of home. "I will always be grateful to my parents," the authors wrote. "For their love and sacrifice." (@CAPS1 @NUM2). He explained how grateful he was for the love and care his family gave him. While reading this memoir, I felt comfort, empathy, and a strong sense of family, and I believe the author did too.
The emotions created by author Narciso Rodriguez are calm and loving. @CAPS1 creates this mood by explaining a loving family, new friendships, and an overall welcome feeling. First, in Narciso Rodriguez's passage, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations, including both, constitute the living background of our warm home." This sentence creates a A peaceful feeling of love, as it explains that the author loved his childhood, and if his family loved him, he would. @CAPS1 added to his family again, the way @CAPS1 put it in the first sentence of the @NUM1 paragraph, also created a shared sentiment of love. Next, at the end of the @NUM1 segment, Narciso Rodriguez explained @CAPS1's love for his friend @CAPS1 saying, "...all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1 again expresses love for his friend at the beginning of @NUM3 paragraph. Expressing love to his friend creates a calming loving mood. Finally, a calm and loving mood is also created due to an overall welcoming feeling. In the @NUM4 segment, the author welcomes readers into his past by talking about the childhood home that @CAPS1 loved. Also in the last sentence of the fourth paragraph, @CAPS1 explains who his parents helped by saying, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us things.” This phrase explains the person who welcomes people to create a mood. Explain that a loving family, new friendships and an overall feeling of welcome create the calm and loving mood the author creates.
The author creates a feeling of joy and gratitude in his memoir. Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless festivities that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes. In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I cannot express my testament to the generosity and how important family and friends are that impressed me at such a young age. It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to the country and celebrated my first birthday there. In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air with scent and music, and life and love. There I learned the true definition of family. I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home
This article speaks of family with feelings of love, peace, happiness and gratitude. Narciso understood that his parents had left him everything in Cuba. @CAPS1 can see that his parents love him so much, @CAPS1 is grateful for that. In the @NUM1 @CAPS1 segment, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 has the chance to be born in @LOCATION1 and have a better life. Narciso also learned that @CAPS1 can love a non-blood relative because they can also be his family. There are many people who are like family to him. @CAPS1 love them and they are happy to spend time with each other. In this memoir, the emotions are likely to be happy and loving.
The artistic conception created by the author in his memoirs shows a kind-hearted group, carefulness and courage. My first sentence was "...hard working immigrants reached out to those who, though not necessarily their own, were clearly in need." This sentence implies that the sentiment of the community is Kind and helpful. My second sentence was "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." What this means is that his parents are in a cautious mood and will be there for them if they need help do anything. My third and final sentence was "My parents came to this country with such courage." What that sentence means is that, as before they came to America, they had courage, and now they are going to succeed and Success. These are three quotes from my memoirs and examples of the emotions the author creates.
The mood the author creates, I would say okay. The parents there are very grateful for everything there. Family is very important in the excerpt. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration of both" is an explanation of how and why families there are so grateful. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "Growing up in this wonderful environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with being blood relatives." Explaining that being close to someone doesn't mean you are blood relative to you relation.
In Narciso Rodriguez, the memoir of Narciso Rodriguez's "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives," the mood the author creates is primarily one of happiness and celebration. The author talks constantly about how his home became a wonderful place and a happy place to live. An example is in the @NUM1 paragraph. It speaks of endless celebrations and countless gatherings of family and friends. This is obviously a happy thing. Also, in the @NUM2 paragraph, it talks about the wonderful mix of different cultures nearby. It was great because segregation and racism had a lot of trouble at the time. Compared to many other towns with horribly racist and segregation, it created a happy environment to live in. Finally, in the @NUM3 paragraph, it talks about how their arms and doors are open to anyone who needs them. This not only makes them happy, but also allows others to share their happiness with them. In this memoir, the mood the author creates is primarily happiness and celebration.
Nasisko is happy with what she has, despite her poverty. She loves the traditions she still worships today. She is proud to be Cuban. She has a good relationship at home. She has good neighbors. Her parents worked hard and supported her. Her family has a good relationship with family and friends. She is grateful for everything her parents have done for her. They gave up their careers and their beloved country to move to @LOCATION1 to give her a better life. Her friends and family, refugees always come to her house. Her nanny became her first friend. At @LOCATION1, they celebrated her first birthday. These events will remain in her memory. She will never forget how her parents turned her house into the home she belongs to. Her life will always be filled with music and love. So even though she's having trouble, she's still grateful for what she has.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is very happy and lighthearted. It is also very open. It's open because it says we let anyone we think of as family stay here for a long time. They were very happy and relaxed because in the @NUM1 segment everyone seemed to be gentle and happy to be in the country. They are happy to have decent jobs and a new life. This is the author's mood swinging in the story. The author does a great job of incorporating these into the story, making it flow smoothly.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very great and happy. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says his parents have great cooking skills, then points out that he's amazing. So basically he's very happy that he has or has the opportunity to live as @CAPS1 and have the opportunity that no one else has. And very, very happy that he doesn't just live in the house. His parents made it a home full of loving memories and his family time.
The mood of @CAPS1 with the text "Narciso Rodriguez" is very grateful and happy. I can say this because in @CAPS2 @NUM1 it shows how awesome it is for @CAPS3 to live in that house with his parents. In @NUM2 it says how much Narciso loves his parents and how grateful @CAPS3 is. Finally in @NUM3, @CAPS1 tells readers how @CAPS3 is thanking immigrants for giving their children a fresh start @CAPS4 is how you can say how @CAPS1 is feeling in your text
I think it's in a good mood, @CAPS1. Because they @CAPS2. Boy loves his parents. They had to leave their friends. Some families out there, they will miss them, but parents want a better life for their kids. They are @CAPS1. move.
The author created a mood of happiness and love. When Narciso Rodriguez looks back on the past, he loves his home and his parents for what they did for him. The way he lived was the atmosphere of his home. It's free and enthusiastic. Just like his parents did with other immigrants. The three-dimensional house of Narciso Rodriguez is one of the most important things he cares about and is grateful for.
The mood that the author creates in this memoir is more of a kind and touching mood. To know that his family helped other immigrants in their time of need, in any culture, really understands that. Where you live is just a house until you make it a home.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a happy mood. It's a happy mood because Narciso finally knows what family really means. For example, when Narciso said, "My parents welcomed other refugees to this country in this simple house, and I celebrated my first birthday there, and it was in this humble house, the kitchen The warmth of the Cuban feast always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life and love." This sentence shows that Narciso's mood is happy. Summary Narciso is in a good mood because he finally knows the true definition of family.
In this @CAPS1, this is the atmosphere I think the author is trying to create. Well, I think it's happy. I believe this because he doesn't use depressing words or phrases. Also, he has a great family. He has said he loves his lifestyle and his home!
The author's memoir is a childhood house. and how it was built for him and his family
The author does a good job of bringing a different mood to the memoir. There is a sad mood, but also joy at times. Memoirs are even more enjoyable when the mood is good. The last sentence lets people know he won't trade it for anything
There is a very happy and loving vibe throughout @CAPS1. This is reflected in the @NUM1 segment, "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration that includes both, Forms the context of Cuban life. A warm home. This paints a beautiful picture of @CAPS2 living in a house. Another example in the text is at the end, in the @NUM2 paragraph, "I will never forget how my parents put A simple house becomes a home. "It expresses happiness and love, no matter how rich you are or what you have. Anything can be a home.
It brings a happy mood. It gives you a very warm feeling. It gives you an idea of how people live. The family has an almost family-like bond with their friends. They like having someone cook for them in their house they don't think are their grandparents, grandparents. He must have grown up in a very good family in a good way. They bring love to all.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is joyful and loving. The author appeals to specific things she likes to remember, such as her parents, family and friends. She also explained her past in such a detailed and careful way. As she explains the kitchen, she talks about the music and aroma and all the love from her parents. When she talks about his friends, she mentions her neighbor, nanny and first friend Alegria. The author talks about how her parents let in friends and family so often that it was a tight-knit community where everyone cared and loved each other.
There is a feeling of gratitude and kindness in the memoir @PERSON1 from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives. Speaking of his parents immigrating, @PERSON1 said: "They came here selflessly, like so many immigrants, to give their children a better life," expressing gratitude as @PERSON1 is happy for him His parents immigrated to give him a better life. Another gracious example is in the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @PERSON1 shows how gracious he feels about what his parents did and how much they cared about him. A final example of gratitude is, "Here I learned the true definition of 'family'. For that, I will never forget that house or its gracious community." @PERSON1 is grateful for the opportunity to be in such a great place house and community. As can be seen from these examples, this memoir has a very grateful and gracious mood.
The atmosphere is calm, like it's a great place and one that makes you want to live forever. As stated in a related article: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, form the living background of our warm homes". Through his great @CAPS1 house mood and his culture in that regard, it shows they have a great time and good friends.
In this memoir, the author creates many emotions. A major emotion in this memoir is love and love. In the @NUM1 segment, "...I learned a lot about how to love there", and, "...not just smell and music, but life and love. " The second major mood of this memoir is war. In paragraph @NUM1, "It was in the warm kitchen..." Third, the main emotion of this memoir is gratitude and gratitude for what we have. In paragraph @NUM3, "I am deeply grateful" and in paragraph @NUM4, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." These are just some examples of the emotions the author creates in this memoir.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is lovely. Narciso Rodriguez said he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. He said what they did was more courageous than he had ever been. Also, the mood is grateful. In the memoir, it said Narciso repeatedly thanked his parents for what they had done. He added: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who have paid tribute to those Although not necessarily their own people to lend a helping hand. Their own kind, obviously need it." It shows how grateful he is to have friends and family. In addition, the mood is also very attentive. That's because he said her parents didn't hesitate to come to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their friends and jobs.
The atmosphere that @CAPS1 created in the memoir is a peaceful joy. @CAPS1 said he remembers coming to @LOCATION1 for a better life. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 alot @CAPS3 in @CAPS5 @NUM1 @CAPS1 said "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 said he was glad his parents helped him a lot. @CAPS3 He said in @CAPS5 @NUM2, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 reminds us a lot about how he started and where he is now. In the end he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." (@CAPS5 @NUM3)
I think the mood the author creates in this memoir is pleasant and welcoming. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he said: "My parents always held their arms and opened the door to many who we consider family, knowing they would do the same for us." The author is explaining that they How the house is always open to anyone who needs it, everyone wants to come, it's a very welcome feeling. In the @NUM2 segment, he said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." When he said it was a joy, the film was being created because he was so happy and grateful for what his parents did for him, and Pleasure the mood through his performance. In the @NUM3 paragraph, he said, "They came here selflessly, just like any immigrant, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love. " You get this nice, warm feeling when he says that because they gave up everything they loved just to give their kids a better life. This exudes a very pleasant and cheerful mood. All in all, when the author talks about his family and his life, he exudes a very pleasant and warm mood.
@CAPS2 of @CAPS1 is happy and going out, well @CAPS3 tells it well @CAPS3 is happy and united.
In the memoir, the author creates a feeling of love. I think because of the way he describes and explains things, he creates an emotion of love that is the opposite of everything else. For example, when he described his parents cooking. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their rich culinary skills to me, and I still love cooking to this day (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (I am to this day) still love it) full of air,". The phrases in parentheses describe a mood of love to me. Another part of the memoir that really paints me a loving mood is the way the author describes this community, and the sacrifices of his parents through the following quote: "It was a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reached out to people who, though not necessarily of their own kind, but clearly in need", "who came selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their Family, friends and careers in this country they love. They are struggling both personally and financially," he said. The detail and emotion he uses in these quotations make the mood of all authors one of love, and a great and loving one is imparted in this memoir.
By Narciso Rodriguez while reading Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives memoir Narciso Rodriguez. I can feel the strong mood and emotion that the author pours into it. To describe the emotion he created in this memoir, I have to describe it as love and gratitude for something called home and family. This memoir expresses gratitude for family, parents, love, courage, and a caring home that is everywhere. Rodriguez begins by describing his Cuban ancestry, as well as his childhood traditions. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "My parents... passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking to this day (which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuban music (I Love the day) full of air...". Here, you can really feel his appreciation for how his parents incorporated his legacy into his everyday life as a child, and his fond memories of those times. Rodriguez went on to discuss the community he grew up in in the @NUM2 and @NUM3 segments and what he learned from being part of such a tight-knit community, like opening up and home to those in need, Never hesitate when someone you care about needs help. This is reflected in paragraph @NUM2, where in two of his examples he said: "Growing up in this environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." It also says : "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures came together in great unity and friendship." At the end of his memoir, Rodriguez went on to describe his love for his parents and Grateful to have "such courage" and "how selflessly they came to @LOCATION1" (para, @NUM5). In the @NUM6 paragraph, it says, "I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice." Rodriguez really talks about how their loyalty and great example helped shape him into the person he is today. All in all, what I really need to say is that Rodriguez has done a fantastic job, and his memoirs give him a very generous amount of emotion. It speaks volumes about his gratitude to his parents for giving him a loving home and teaching him the meaning of family, which I believe is the best gift a parent can give a child.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is grateful. The author expresses his gratitude to parents in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) "I will never forget how my parents put This simple house becomes a home." (@CAPS1 @NUM2). These are the points of @NUM5 in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2. The author is grateful for the many things his parents have done for him. The author expresses his gratitude throughout the excerpt, and this shared sentiment is always present. For example, in @CAPS1 @NUM8, the author reminds readers that "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, and they knew they would do the same for us." Or in @CAPS1 @ In NUM9, he writes "My parents came to this country with such courage, but without any language knowledge or courage." As you can see, the author keeps reminding readers of his gratitude to his parents. This creates a feeling of gratitude throughout the story!
The mood of the memoir is very grateful and grateful. The mood for the memoir is very grateful and grateful as the author is looking back on how his parents turned a three-bedroom apartment into a home. I know this because the author wrote in the @NUM1 paragraph: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This supports the mood of the memoir as the author thanks his parents Teach him what a real home is. The mood of the memoir is also very grateful and grateful as the author recounts how his community became a family. I know this because in the @NUM2 paragraph, the author writes: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures are fused together with great solidarity and friendship." This supports the mood of the memoir , because the author appreciates the atmosphere of the place where he grew up. Another reason the mood of the memoir is so grateful and grateful is that the author understands the hardships of his parents. I know this because the author wrote in the @NUM3 paragraph: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This supports the mood of the memoir as the author is grateful to his parents for making his life better life and sacrificed so much. The mood of the memoir manifests itself in many ways.
The author is happy that she was born at @CAPS1. SA but she loves her little baby Haratigue.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the mood the author creates is solidarity. There are many other words to describe this mood, but reunion describes the whole family. The parents accepted almost anyone into their home and they were very welcoming. To illustrate this, it states in the memoir: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family, knowing they would do the same for us." @CAPS1 can also describe That sentiment, as the Rodriguez family sat their neighbors and family at the dinner table, and they were very friendly. "My aunts Bertha and Juanita and my cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary also lived nearby and often sat with us at the dinner table," wrote in the memoir. The phrase also shows the interior of the family unity. Having the Rodriguez family together through all the tough times of moving, getting a new job and starting over is truly an achievement, especially at @LOCATION1. The memoir shows, "...both my parents had to accept that they might not be able to get the kind of jobs they deserve." @CAPS2, the family fosters a sense of reunion, especially during tough times.
I think the emotions the author is trying to express are gratitude, contentment, and being loved. An example of his satisfaction is "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the life of our family." An example of his gratitude is "both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly imparted their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with me to this day..." The last example of him being loved is "in such an environment Growing up instilled in me a strong sense that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." I can say that Narciso feels all three of these, and he does it well.
The emotions that Narciso Rodriguez creates in this memoir. It's a very happy and grateful mood. Delighted because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of life and a warm home. Grateful because he Said @NUM2 in the paragraph "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved. In the @NUM3 paragraph it says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. That's the emotion created in this excerpt.
Narciso Rodriguez conveys a very loving and seductive mood in his memoirs. He wrote about his great home and family. He shows how happy everyone is together without any problems. Narciso recounts how his parents sacrificed everything for him in Cuba. The whole neighborhood is close and loves each other. Family is undoubtedly an important part of Narciso's life, and he expresses this in his writing. His home is a "traditional Cuban home". He had a very happy childhood due to his legacy surrounding him. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our new home." Narciso creates a loving mood with his wonderful family and family memories.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs of Narciso Rodriguez. The feeling of reading can be described as grateful. I can sense this sentiment from some of the things Narciso Rodriguez mentioned. The author would constantly say "thank you" to his parents for all they did to create a suitable living environment for Narciso. It also states, "I can't express the generosity of my spirit that impressed me at such a young age and proved the importance of family and friends." Overall, in @PERSON1's memoir, Emotions can mainly be described as gratitude for his parents, legacy and home.
In the memoir, the author's mood changes because at the beginning of the story, his mood simply tells where the character came from and where he was born. In paragraph @NUM1, he was in a bad mood. For example, he's grateful for his parents and his life, he's fine with the way things are, and he loves it. In @NUM2 and paragraph 7, the author feels relieved and happy as he writes about the character reminiscing about the good old days.
@CAPS4 on the article Narciso Rodriguez by from Home: The @CAPS1 we live, the mood the author creates in his memoir is love, happiness, and greatness. There are a lot of @CAPS2 on the article showing the mood of @CAPS4. For @CAPS2, one of those sentiments is shown in paragraph @NUM1 "Grateful." @CAPS2: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS3 He loves them no matter what, even if it's good good or bad. Another @CAPS2 expressing gratitude in the sixth paragraph is when he tells his parents that he is grateful for @CAPS2 "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. @CAPS3 He is using Love to do, this is another sentiment in the article. These are the sentiments the author created in his memoir, @CAPS4 from "Home: The @CAPS1 where we live" in the article "Narciso Rodriguez."
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates emotions of gratitude, bravery, and generosity. In the memoir, the first emotion the author creates is gratitude. "Both my parents shared culinary responsibilities and unknowingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (for which I am forever grateful)," the author said. Means he is very excited and happy that his parents passed it on to him and not the rest of the family, which is why he is grateful. Second, his second emotions were made brave because of his family. That means he's always been with his @CAPS1 or his dad who helped him through the life and hardships of his education and work. In the end, his last mood was generosity, because he had always been young. Auther said "There's no way to express the generosity of spirit that impressed me so much at such a young age. That meant his mother always relied on him for all the work around the house in the yard. All in all, in this book In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez from Hometown: A Blueprint for Our Lives", the author's emotions in the memoir are gratitude, bravery and generosity.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 Lots of his @CAPS3 in the story. @CAPS1 Create an atmosphere that makes you think about yourself and your family. He talks about his family, and when he was a kid and growing up. @CAPS1 also talks about his parents and life there. He also talked about how he and his parents lived in a community with immigrants. @CAPS1 talked about how hard it is for him and his parents to leave without family. @CAPS1 also talks about his love for music and his love for his parents. His parents helped him and gave him hope. He also used music to symbolize his life. Now he is a successful fashion designer.
The mood the author creates is to be proud of being Cuban. Be proud of the legacy the whole family has. And thank her parents and family.
In "Narciso Rodriguez," an excerpt from the book "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives," the author attempts to create a mood to complement his views on the definition of home. Narciso Rodriguez was born into a family of Cuban immigrants in a bustling New Jersey area filled with people of all nationalities. It was this man's melting pot and the hard work of his parents that shaped him who he is today. The main emotion generated throughout the passage is a positive one, best exemplified by how the author himself speaks positively about the huge influence his parents had on him. Aware of the sacrifice and hard work his parents had to endure to support him, Narciso wrote: "My parents came to this country with such courage, knowing nothing about language or culture. They came selflessly. Here, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love." (@NUM1 paragraph) Narciso's My parents were not selfish at all and made a huge effort to go to America. However, through their hard work, determination and courage, they have found their feet in @LOCATION3. It's this positive, happy outcome that makes the mood so bright and positive. In Narciso's home, as he writes, "the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, form the backdrop of life in our warm home." (@NUM2 paragraph) The use of the word "warm" creates a bright and vibrant mood associated with his home. The concept of warmth was repeated in a later article, with the author writing: "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast always fills the air with not only fragrance, but life and love" (@NUM3 paragraph) Repeatedly describing the warmth of the house again builds positive emotions. Narciso lives in a neighborhood full of all kinds of people. Yet despite their differences, they came together as a friendly, united community, the author wrote: "All these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship, despite different customs elsewhere." (@NUM4 Duan) Despite the obvious racism of the time, this community came together to support each other no matter what. This solidarity with the community no doubt distills a happy mood in the hearts of readers. Overall, Narciso Rodriguez creates a very positive mood throughout the memoir.
The emotions created by the author of the memoir are warm, strange, happy and sad. Happiness is turning a simple house into a home. Grief is because it's hard to leave something behind. Because it's hard to move on. Last is tough because he is tough and even if it is difficult, he can put it behind him.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is very seductive, like you read a sentence and then you want to read more. In the story, she said her parents had to start their lives all over again. But then she said they were happy to be together in the old @LOCATION1. Just because you have so little, doesn't mean you can't live your life to the fullest. Being happy with what you got or nothing is what this story told me in my heart. So I will make the best of my life like Narciso and her family.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is mellow as he talks about his life and the greatness he grew up with in @LOCATION1. Also in a good mood as he says "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" as he talks about how his parents made @LOCATION1 feel at home. those with a story mood
The author who created the memoir created a homey feeling that the reader will feel the same way. By the comfort of home I mean the author shows how narciso and his family get along and help out there family, friends and people who just need a little help.
I guess the writer's attitude towards memoirs is not bad. In some areas, it's low. It could be better.
In Narciso Rodriguez's excerpt Narciso Rodriguez, the mood that Narciso creates is happiness. I know this is for the following three reasons. One way I know the mood is bliss is when the article says "There are often people who are with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet. My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." This Shows that Narciso is happy that his parents are nice and very caring. Another way the mood is happy is when the article says "I learned the true definition of 'family'. To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant community", indicating that he is happy to find a better one The definition of family through his stay at home "The last way to feel happy is when the article says "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture, they came selflessly" Narciso expresses Out of happiness because his parents survived and their lives have changed a lot. This shows that the emotion being created is "Happy, his parents are wonderful people."
The emotions in the memoir represent friendship, family, helpfulness, and an example of helpfulness is in the @NUM1 paragraph, which says: "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants, who are One's own kind, obviously in need." @CAPS1 A good example of the emotion in this memoir is family, but also about helping, in the @NUM2 paragraph it says: "My parents always think of family to us. A lot of people open their arms and open their doors. Knowing they will do us too. That's what a memoir is about.
They were saddened by some of the contents of the memoir. The first reason they were sad was that they had left their family there. They also had to leave Cuba. and left their friends. They are also very happy. The reason is because it's Spain, Cuba and the @CAPS1 community. So they feel like they are at home. They're there because they'll start over there. They will have to find new jobs and transportation.
The mood created by the author is a happy and exciting mood. This is because the family is very excited about moving to a new place with better opportunities and educational purpose. It also turned an ordinary house into a home special to them because they had people over and over and eventually became family. Neighbors also helped build the mood by not creating any negative behavior or violence in the author, putting the family's place in the non-American community.
The mood of the memoir is gracious and loving. It shows kindness in the @NUM1 paragraph, a memoir describing how his parents made the whole house feel sweet and good. He created a sense of intimacy by using words like "innocence," "celebration," and "warm home." The love is shown when the author recounts how his parents welcomed anyone of every race to live with them until they "get back on their feet." This shows love because when you are welcome, it shows love to everyone, no matter what the problem is or who you are.
You should be so grateful when you have a loving family and a beautiful home. Narciso Rodriguez is also very grateful. The overall mood of Narciso's story is one of gratitude. Narciso Rodriguez was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1961. His memoir explains how @CAPS1 is grateful for everything. "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 will always tell his parents his admiration for their strength and perseverance. His family cared about everyone, "always open arms and doors to the many who we consider family, knowing they would do the same for us." The emotion of the All and All memoir is grateful, because Narciso Very grateful for everything.
The mood of the memoir is that he and his parents grew up at home. His parents reached out to those in need. One explanation is when his parents moved here and left all their friends and family in hopes of creating a better life for him. Another is to show him his culture, including music, cooking, celebrations and caring for others. His parents kept people at home when they needed to get up. And always have people over for dinner (aunts, uncles, grandparents, cousins, @CAPS1, etc...).
All of these things I listed relate to the creation of @CAPS1 in this memoir. But the biggest feeling is loving his parents who came all the way from Cuba just to give @CAPS2 a better life, even if it means leaving their jobs, family, friends just to give their son a better life . Also after their arrival, they lived in a one-room apartment for a year, then moved to a new house and turned it into "our traditional Cuban home" so it could be for their son Learn where they came from and make Narciso feel natural when he was born. Even after that, they were friendly and open arms to other immigrants. So I definitely think @CAPS1 in this memoir is about an overwhelming feeling of love.
Arthur creates emotions in his memoirs in a unique way. In @CAPS1 @NUM1, the author said, "Growing up in an environment like this made me deeply feel that family has nothing to do with blood." He is an example because it says that in certain environments everyone is your family. In @NUM2, the author says, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." This is an example because he is grateful for what his parents have done for him and he will always do. This is how the author creates emotions
The author expresses his mood very clearly in his memoirs. He said things like "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home", showing how happy he was for his parents. He told us that he is very grateful to his parents for being so selfless and thinking of him first. He also made it clear how proud he was and how much he respected his parents for the great things they did to improve his life. He also showed how he admired his parents for their hard work and bravery. In the end, I think his overall mood is how grateful he is to his parents.
The author's mood is respectful. In the memoir, it tells how his parents took care of him and his life and how his parents helped him through this difficult time. So the author is a little happy when he writes this, because he looks back on all the good times in the past, but it also makes you sad.
Narciso Rodriguez describes his hard and selfless life as a humble and caring parent. The mood this author creates is joyful and lighthearted, inspired by his love and gratitude. Narciso sees his parents as saviours who would do anything to provide a better life for their children. He is forever grateful for their bravery, which gave him incredible opportunities at @LOCATION1. He looked back happily at the warm and comfortable atmosphere of the home. He is grateful for his Cuban ancestry, which his family instilled in him in his youth. The unity of his tight-knit community taught him the importance of honesty and hard work. Narciso exudes love and pride for his incredible and hospitable family through his writing. Create a feeling of gratitude, a genuine admiration for the parents who taught him important life lessons that he will never forget.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a very happy mood. The author's parents gave up everything to come to @LOCATION1 for soon-to-be children. They did this so that he could receive a better education, for which he was very grateful. The author loves his home and had a great time in theirs. It's his favorite place in the whole world, which is why he talks about his home in great detail. Accompanied by Cuban music and the scent of Cuban food, the author makes fond family memories in the kitchen. The author's mood is grateful. This is because of what his parents did for him by moving to Cuba. Also happy for all the good times he spent there. The author probably wanted to relive those times, just as I wanted to relive my childhood.
The mood the author creates is that he is reminiscing about his past life and how much he admires his family, but mostly his parents. He came to the United States in 1956. In 1961, he was born in a humble house. The author's mood is that he admires his parents for giving their children a better life, even when they leave their family, friends, and careers in the country they love for their children. The author will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice "I thank them again and again. Therefore, this is the author's main expression of love for his parents, family, friends and Cuba. He appreciates and learns from his parents because everything they do is for and their children carry on together no matter what they have to sacrifice for them
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are love and gratitude. The author expresses his gratitude to his parents for living and growing up in the home they built for him. He said he knew family was more than blood. He recounts how his parents opened their arms and doors to those in need in their community. Their home is full of @CAPS1 music, food and love. They would celebrate his birthday and people coming to this new country. There was this air of love and gratitude in his life, which is expressed in this memoir.
The mood the author created is what @PERSON1 thanked he had. @PERSON1 thanks his parents for arriving at @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 loves cooking Cuban food and listening to Cuban music. I also feel that @PERSON1 is most grateful to their parents for coming to @LOCATION1 for their bravery and their love and sacrifice. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 siys he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of gratitude and joy. It really makes you want to think about life and how good it is to thank your parents and grandparents, and even ancestors. It makes you want to love your parents more and see how they went through a lot and probably gave up a lot for you. Like leaving their home country or giving up great things like @ORGANIZATION1 and Narciso Rodriguez Sr did for their family or their son. They want a better life and education for their children. They had to leave the homeland where they were born and raised, giving up something for something better. For something better, they have to give up jobs and skills they already know how to do. The good thing that happened or they got was more freedom and a better life and education, leaving everything you love and where you were born is not easy but must be done for better things and opportunities. Reading this memoir will give or leave you a feeling of contentment, gratitude, joy and a little sadness.
The mood that Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is comforting. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air and mixes with the aroma of the kitchen." @CAPS1 Feel at home and spend time with your loved ones. Isn't that consolation?
@CAPS1 creates an atmosphere where you can make friends, have family you love, and make some friends, whether you are an immigrant or not. Another emotion he talks about is his parents and how they like to cook together and be selfless too.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood is cheerful and warm. This is because of the strong and caring relationships that the memoir talks about. As mentioned, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." The story @CAPS1 is talking about. In the story, he talks about being with "family" who are not related by blood; just that makes people happier @CAPS2 memoir makes readers happier because the author writes about happy memories he will never forget. Although it is simple, the author has portrayed a lot of deep emotions in the story, making the story have a deeper emotion.
The memoir is in a happy mood because she is happy that his parents have moved to a bigger apartment than before. She was happy that the landlord's daughter was nice and always set the table for them. Sometimes his aunts and cousins would also go over to eat at the table. He explained that the landlord's daughter was his first friend and his nanny. He also explained that his friendship was happy.
The mood the author creates is how Narciso appreciates the love and sacrifice of her parents
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are loving, caring, and warm. This memoir is filled with love as the author talks about the importance of friends and family and loved ones. It says in the selection: "The gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop for our family's life." Furthermore, the author creates a caring atmosphere throughout the story, from his to his parents. For example, "My parents always have open arms and open doors." and "I will always be grateful to my parents." The author also creates a warm atmosphere in his memoir, saying, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into home." These are the few emotions the author creates in his memoir.
The emotions in the story are happy. The protagonist grew up with a strong sense of family. He said his relatives usually dine with them. H loves his parents because they are always open to any kind of reality. Finally the author thanks his parents for giving up life in Cuba to make him better
The mood in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is comforting. In chapter @NUM1 it talks about the overall feeling of love and care that surrounds the Rodriguez family like a cozy blanket. In addition, it talks about how "...a gathering of family and friends, and an endless celebration that includes both..." how to help pave the way for a wonderful childhood with many friends and family The road, they were always there for Narciso Rodriguez to depend on. Another example of comfort in Rodriguez's home is "...parents always open their arms and doors to many...to be seen as family, knowing they will... .” This paints an overall image of a community where everyone gets along and helps each other. Last but not least, Narciso’s home was “…always filled with… (filled) with life and love.” A place where he felt safe and cared. All in all, the home that @PERSON2 lives in is a loving, caring and especially comfortable home that every child deserves.
The excerpt, titled "Narciso Rodriguez," was written by Narciso Rodriguez, who set a light, happy mood. I say this because throughout the story he is describing all the good things about his parents and family from his childhood. Giving a few examples in the @NUM1 paragraph, Rodriguez said: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family". When he says so, it gives the reader a good sense of how his parents cared about anyone who needed their help. In the @NUM2 segment, Rodriguez said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." When he said that, it was him again telling us how grateful he is to his family. Throughout the excerpt, Rodriguez repeatedly lists how happy and grateful he is for what his parents have done for him, which creates a positive mood.
The author creates a variety of emotions in his memoirs. One way an author creates emotions in a memoir is the author's past memories. An example of this is "passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air." This supports the idea that emotions in memoirs are the author's creation, because cultural music comes from the author's memory, which is the mood. Another way an author creates emotions in a memoir is the author's view of the recollection. An example of this is "(I am forever grateful)" in @NUM1. This supports the idea that this emotion is the author's creation in his memoir, because the author expresses their point of view in their own way, thus setting the mood.
In the excerpt "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our life, a specific mood is expressed. The resulting mood is happiness and contentment. The family is happy because they have a new home, they have children, and they have made great friends since childhood. When they're happy with what they're getting, their job, their home, their family, their friends, and that they're making money, their satisfaction is there too. After all, emotions depend on your surroundings, just as people are not commodities. That's what matters.
From reading the memoir I know that a family @CAPS1 is not just a family because they are blood related, a family is about loving each other and always being there for each other the author is so grateful for what his parents did e.g. in the @NUM1 paragraph he Saying "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents."
The mood in this memoir is @CAPS1. Born and raised in Cuba, Narciso Rodriguez cherishes what they have done for him. As @CAPS2 @NUM1 of this article states, he "will always be @CAPS3 because everything his family does is @CAPS4 Cuban food they cook him or the weather is the Cuban music they make him listen to. In a multiracial community Growing up, made him accustomed to being a non-apartheid. The emotion he set in recounting this was @CAPS1 because he didn't take a life for granted. "I will always love and sacrifice for my parents Delighted with what they've shown, @CAPS6 tells them often because what they've done is braver than I've ever been able to."
The mood created by @CAPS1 Narciso Rodriguez's mood is a loving, caring, thoughtful feeling that comes from his childhood home. In the passage "Narciso Rodriguez" it says "The feast of Cuba always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life and love". This quote shows how loving and caring the mood is and makes it a more loving and thoughtful feeling. In the paragraph "Narciso Rodriguez" it states "It's a gracious community, or a lot of what I've learned there that I'm about to fall in love with." In this sentence, I feel the love, @CAPS1 used him option to ask it. Also in the passage "Narciso Rodriguez" it says "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". This phrase expresses all three emotions of love, caring, and thoughtfulness of the memoir. It describes how an emotion arises, how it arises, and what it means. The mood of the story is one of loving warmth rather than greedy concern for possessions.
The atmosphere the author creates in his memoir is how he and his family live at home. The specific revelations in the story are "the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, the endless celebration". and he wanted to show how he lived with many, he was an immigrant
The mood created in the memoir is thoughtful and caring. "I often tell them that what they did was something braver that I could have done. Narciso was so grateful and felt so much loved in his family. The emotions in this memoir are not just thoughtful or Kindness, or caring, is the feeling of being loved and the feeling of being loved. "It was here that I learned the true definition of family. "
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, the emotion he creates is gratitude. First, he thanked his family. For example, he said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM1). This shows how grateful he is for everything his parents have given him. Next, Narciso thanked being a part of such a caring family. He said "I can't express the generosity of my spirit that impressed me at such a young age" (@NUM1). This quote explains how his family taught him kindness. Finally, thanks for meeting such a wonderful person. Narciso says, “I will never forget that house or its gracious neighbors, or the many things I learned there about how to love” (@NUM3). All in all, the mood Narciso Rodriguez created for his memoir is one of gratitude.
The emotions the author creates in this memoir are gratitude and appreciation. I think @PERSON1, wrote this memoir for his parents. He wanted to show that even if most people thought his life was tough, he totally disagreed. He realized his parents did what they did so @PERSON1 would have a better life. He appreciates the fact that his parents always made anyone feel like they were part of the family. They are loving, caring, heartwarming people. As @PERSON1 said, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood is very grateful. Throughout the story, another person keeps saying that he is very grateful to his parents for their selflessness and caring. This sentiment was most evident in the @NUM1 segment, as he kept thanking his parents for helping him when he was born and moved from Cuba to the US. He thanked them for leaving their friends, family and jobs to help him, even if the new jobs they got weren't what they deserved. So, as you can see, the author is very grateful to his parents for making this mood.
The author says he never met his real grandfather until they were allowed to leave Cuba in @DATE1 and then their family was in New Jersey where they wanted to live.
I think the emotion the speaker creates is gratitude. I think @CAPS1 his parents "unwittingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that still lives on today (and I'm forever grateful for that.)" It shows how grateful he is to his parents Teach them their cooking skills. Another example of Narciso's gratitude "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 They gave up jobs in labs and chemical engineering to improve his life. This shows that the speaker is creating a tone of gratitude
In @PERSON1's "@PERSON1 Rodriguez" memoir, the overall mood of the story is happy. The reason it's happy is if you hear the tone of her telling us. "I was born in a simple house in a two-family, blond building in Newark***, NJ. My young parents created our traditional Cuban home." @CAPS1 Sounds like a lot Happy to be Cuban, just like @CAPS1. That's the mood of the memoir. Another reason to be happy is "I learned the real defense of the family for which I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood. @CAPS1 cares about his family @CAPS1 now feels what his parents showed him That's why the overall mood is happy. In @PERSON1's memoir "@PERSON1 Rodriguez", the overall mood of the memoir is happy.
In the memoir, the emotion created by the author is love and gratitude to the author's parents. An example from the memoir is when the author talks about his gratitude to his parents. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM1 paragraph). This sentence shows that the author's mood is love and gratitude to his parents, as he mentions how grateful he is to them. Another example is when the author tells the reader that his parents showed him two important lessons that he chose to base his life on. "They showed me their lives and these teachings have always been the foundation of my life" (@NUM1 paragraph). This sentence shows that the author's mood is love and gratitude to his parents, because the author tells the reader that what they did helped him become a great/better person. Finally, when the author tells readers that he is grateful that his parents gave up life in Cuba to make his life better. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children" (@NUM3 paragraph). This sentence shows that the author's mood is full of love and gratitude because he expresses what his parents have done for him, which shows that he is very happy for them to do so. The author creates an emotion of love and greatness for his parents in this memoir.
The atmosphere created by the author in his memoirs gives a sense of simplicity and home. He talks about the music and smells of his home, making it feel like it's really there to sense everything. He describes his home in such a lighthearted way and how the people in his neighborhood are also kind to each other. It gives the impression that his life is like a light dream and everything is right. He talked about all the relatives who lived nearby, and as a child I took some comfort from that part. He describes how his parents have great jobs in Cuba, but will have to work in less paid jobs for their kids to move to @LOCATION1. This kind of sacrifice makes me feel that there is only pure love left in this world, and I only hope that my parents can have such care. While this story is a testament to the love of both parents for their children, that alone makes for a peaceful end to me.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the mood is happy. Narciso is happy with his family and his faith. He is happy to be with his family. Narciso Rodriguez loves his talent, but he's just a little sad that he won't be able to meet his real grandparents. It was the only thing he felt sad about. Other than that, he was as happy as possible.
The emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. An example of this sentiment is this line from the memoir, "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." The author is talking about how everyone in his community is How to act like one big family, even though people are of very different nationalities. It shows that the author has a very loving community and remembers this time as a time of love and brotherhood. Another example is when the author says "...I will never forget that house or its gracious community or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget my parents How to turn this simple house into a home." This quote expresses his love for his parents, his house and all the residents in the neighborhood. The third and final example of the emotion of love in the memoir is when the author writes, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows that he loves his parents for giving him a chance, even if @MONTH1 made them give what they did love stuff. The author creates a feeling of love in his memoir because that's how he recalls his childhood; full of love.
The mood of the story is sad because the person left Cuba and someone in the family died. But this man has big dreams to become a fashion designer
In Narciso Rodriguez's essay, the tone is loving, peaceful and happy. In this memoir, it talks about family and friends coming together. The best expression of happiness and peace in the article is the last sentence, "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." It shows joy because they are all together. Another example is in the seventh paragraph where he says I learned the true definition of family. "It's love because it shows that he's having fun and that he enjoys being with friends and family. Another reason for the tone to be grateful is because he said "...I can't express how grateful I am..." It's a pleasure because he appreciates everyone for everything. The tone of the conclusion is happy, loving and grateful
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is great. @PERSON1 for many reasons. Some of the things he is grateful for are his parents his home his culture and his family. I say this because he covered a lot of these topics in his memoirs. One reason he was delighted was the culinary skills of his parents, as stated in the memoir, "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, It still lives in my heart (for which I am forever grateful)." Another reason for @ORGANIZATION1's greatness is the love his parents gave him, because without his parents' love and sacrifice he wouldn't have his courage. I know this because in the memoir @PERSON1 said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did". The next reason @PERSON1 is so grateful to his family because they are always there for him, that's why his parents always open doors for the family. @PERSON1 is passionate about life and love. It was there that he learned the true definition of family, which is why he will never forget the place he calls home.
The emotions created by the authors of this memoir are a mixture of several different emotions. The author is proud and grateful for his family, home, and culture that create every mood of ease and peace. For example, he called his house a "simple house". He also talks a lot about family and all the people he cares about. By doing this, the author creates a very loving and caring mood. He talks about love for the people and things in his life he cares about. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," he said. That sentence showed a very loving and caring emotion because it showed that he really loved his parents for their sacrifice for him. The final sentence of the memoir says, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This shows a mixture of two emotions. It shows his love for his parents turning their house into a home. But it's also very calming and relaxing because it shows that throughout the memoir the author is in the same mood of not letting things fall on him and being grateful for what he has.
I think of memoirs as a feeling of gratitude and gratitude. The author is grateful that she has parents who moved to @LOCATION1 for her. She is also grateful that the simple place she lives feels like a home. This goes something like this in the last sentence "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Narciso is also thankful in the @NUM1 paragraph "My parents brought such Courage to come to this country without any knowledge of language or culture. They came here selflessly, like many imagrants, to give their children a better life, even though it meant keeping their family, friends and career behind them Loved country." @CAPS1 How grateful Narciso is to her parents who sacrificed their lives for her. If that's me writing that story, I'd be in the mood to thank my parents very much.
Memoirs have an emotion that authors usually deal with. In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author explains his family in a very @CAPS1 way. The author talks about his love of cooking, how his parents left their loved ones to move to @LOCATION1 to give their kids a better life, and author @CAPS1 his house. The kitchen is the heart of the author's home. His parents were very skilled at cooking, and this was passed on to their children as well. The author said in the @NUM1 paragraph: "...the love of cooking is still with me today (for which I am forever grateful)." This shows the author's love for cooking. Next, is how the author's parents love their children. They know nothing about @LOCATION1 but moved there just to give their kids a better life. Parents have to leave the family, friends and country they love. For example, in the @NUM2 paragraph, it explains what the parent has to do. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if that means leaving their families, friends and careers in the country they love. " The words show that parents really love their children and want them to be happy. Finnaly, the final sentence of the memoir, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Narrates how the narrator feels love for his parents and his home. It all goes to show that the narrator is happy with his family and happy where he lives. In memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the mood is @CAPS1. The author showcases the culinary arts of his parents and his home via @CAPS1. He is grateful for what he has and loves his family and home.
I believe the mood of the memoir is grateful or inspiring. Narciso's parents, immigrants from Cuba, lived in a barren community and were struggling to feed their children there. They are good parents to Narciso and provide him with the basic necessities of life. They fed him and bought him clothes. Narciso was very kind and thankful for the hardships his parents were going through, and he was very considerate to try to help them when they needed it. That feeling is grateful, because that's how Narciso feels to her parents.
In this memoir, the emotions are very real. As I read it, I was very interested in what Narciso had to say next. Seems like he's very happy to be in @CAPS1's place. I can tell from his speech in this story that he is very outgoing and he likes to look back at where he was, where he is now, and all the sacrifices he made in his life. He is a very grateful child. Another emotion in the story is happiness, and unity. Naciso quotes "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they have done is more courageous than I have ever done." Just read this sentence and you can clearly see Nassi So grateful. He also quoted "However, I can't really express my testament to the generosity that impressed me at such a young age and the importance of my friends and family to me." @CAPS2 Reader, you have it. Here are the two main quotes explaining the mood of the scene throughout the memoir!
The author of the memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, talks a lot about home and how to find it. The overall mood of the memoir is love. As Narciso said in the @NUM1 paragraph, "For that, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned about love there." When Narciso grew up , he learned that “…the family has nothing to do with blood relatives.” All the cultures of his community come together in solidarity and friendship. So Narciso Rodriguez wanted to create a warm, loving, @CAPS1 atmosphere in his memoir, just like he experienced growing up!
The mood the author creates in this memoir is great. The memoir shows how great Narciso was to his parents. Their bravery and selflessness must have really influenced his life back then, and possibly the way he lives today. It also gives a sense of respect. In this memoir, it shows how much he respected his parents and community. In the end, I think it gives a feeling of admiration. The memoir truly expresses his admiration for his parents and community. It shows how much he admires his parents for their bravery, how much he admires him for overcoming difficulties. He also admires how communities of different races can overcome this and come together to really build a community. These are some of the emotions expressed in this memoir.
The author creates many different emotions in this memoir. An obvious one is love. As a child, @CAPS1 is so grateful to her parents for relocating and moving to @LOCATION1 to raise their child. @CAPS1 loves her Cuban background and the environment @CAPS1 grew up in.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of generosity. Author Narciso Rodriguez talks about the generosity of his parents. "My parents were always open to the many people we thought were family," he said. " They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant taking their Family, friends and caregivers stayed in the country they loved." In his memoir, Narciso said he will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. His father worked in a laboratory in Cuba, and his mother studied chemical engineering in Cuba. In @CAPS1.S they have to start their lives completely over and do whatever jobs they can find. He said this house is where I understand what family really defines. He added, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Parents are generous, grateful, brave and courageous. We should all be grateful for what our parents sacrificed or have sacrificed for us.
The mood the author sets in his memoir changes from calm to emotional, about how difficult his childhood was, how his family struggled at work, and their financial problems.
The author sets a mood for the memoir that enables the reader to attach and relate to what he is trying to explain. The emotions the memoir gave me were selfless. We all have lived experiences where someone gave up a portion of their life for you. In Narciso's case, his parents "moved from Cuba to give him a better life, even though it meant leaving their family, friends, career and the country they loved". Although they gave up these things, they brought many Cuban customs such as music, cooking and way of life for Narciso to experience in the safe and comfortable environment of @LOCATION1. They took these things and invited them into their new house to create a comfortable, appropriate, loving living area that Narciso called "home." By showing the selflessness of his parents, the author is able to connect with a time in the reader's life when someone showed that emotion to them, creating the perfect mood to enjoy reading.
The author's mood in this memoir is gratitude, happiness, and gratitude. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author expresses happiness, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, the endless celebrations... constitute the living background of our warm home." As you can see, the author is happy Move to @LOCATION1 to start a new, fulfilling life. In the @NUM2 paragraph, the author expresses his gratitude to his willing parents. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life..." The author expresses here that he is very grateful to his parents for everything he has done to help him lead a new life. Finally, in paragraph @NUM3, the author directly explains why he is grateful. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1, the author of this memoir expresses extreme gratitude, happiness and gratitude to the sacrificed parents
Emotions show that Narciso loves his family very much.
In this memoir, the author creates a mood. In memoir, the mood is like, calm, happy and relaxed. In the memoir, the author said that "passionate Cuban music was mixed with the aroma of the kitchen". It's a relaxing mood because it relaxes you when you hear music, and it relaxes you even more when you smell something you like from the kitchen. Also in the memoir, it says that most of the people nearby were Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants, honest, hardworking immigrants who reached out to people. This shows calm, because if you know that every one of your neighbors is the same, you have nothing to worry about. The final mood is happy, which shows how grateful he is to his parents. The author said in his memoir that he thanked his parents for their love, sacrifice and bravery. They admire their strength and perseverance. That's the mood the author creates in this memoir.
The mood of this story is Narciso @CAPS1 his family and his house. He loves his home because even though they live in @LOCATION1, it still feels Cuban. There are family there who will always be there for him and help him.
In the @CAPS1 print of "Narciso Rodriguez": Our Lives, excerpted from Narciso Rodriguez's Home, the author creates a very warm theme by portraying in the reader's mind a family from a long time ago that lived together and supported each other , and finally survived. The author mentions several things from which one can infer the feeling of a strong supportive family that has everything it needs. As the author tells us, "In 1961...@NUM1 - family, blondes - brick building...created our traditional Cuban home...very hearty...kitchen...rich in culinary skills and passion for cooking Love... Passionate Cuban music fills the air with the aroma of the kitchen... Childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends... Endless celebrations encompassing both, forming The living background of our warm homes” (¶@NUM1). Not only does this phrase carry the meaning of @CAPS2, but it also carries a hard-to-get feel - like you're sitting around a campfire with friends and/or family. This feeling is created by the author's language, showing the reader a masterpiece. Languages like "very heart" and "warm house" really convey what it means. All in all, the author creates a warm theme in his memoir with language that appeals to readers' sense of security, warmth, and solidarity.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is happiness. According to the last sentence @PERSON1 said "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. It means being in a good mood and that kind of mood. @PERSON1 has so many memories of home .Positive, he also learned from what his parents taught him. This mood in this memoir is a very positive and happy one, because this passage is about fond memories and bonds between friends and family. For example, when they first moved to England from Cuba, the state started a new life.
The mood is that the author is very good.
I think the author's mood is love and family. In this article, he has been talking about his gratitude to his parents. A statement that proves this is "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This statement shows that he loves his parents for their love and sacrifices for him, and he will always be grateful to them. He also said he now knows the true definition of family. The quote that proves this is "...family has nothing to do with blood." This sentence shows that even if people are not related by blood, they are still family. Narciso Rodriguez said his parents welcomed anyone with open arms. A line that proves this is "My parents are in this house to welcome other refugees..." This line shows his love for his family. Family is truly a strong bond that will last forever.
The mood in Narciso Rodriguez's "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives" is warm and caring. From this memoir, you can see that this family was filled with love, understanding, patience and gratitude. The selflessness of his parents deeply influenced him and I am sure he will be just as loving and good to his own family because of what they taught him.
The mood created by @CAPS1 is a serious mood. In a serious mood as he explains his childhood and his home. He explained how his parents raised him. He also explained how his parents left. That's the mood of @CAPS1.
In @PERSON1's non-fiction memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a curious and warm mood by talking about his origins, upbringing and memories. First, the author talks about the Cuban family he grew up in Newark @LOCATION2. He told readers that he lived with Cuban immigrants in a two-family house. The origin of the author makes readers curious because they want to know more about the author. In addition, the author talks about his life in the immigrant community and how he was exposed to Cuban music, food and culture from his parents. The author's growth makes readers curious and warm as they want to know more, and learning about culture and celebrations brings warmth to readers. Last but not least, the author talks about his loving parents and the Cuban feast. The author's memories make readers feel warm because love is warm. As you can see, the author creates a curious and warm mood.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joyous because he is always grateful for what his parents have done for him (Narciso Rodriguez). My opinion - I think Narciso Rodriguez told us students and adults a little bit about his life because he probably wanted people to understand his life experiences and see how he did it and how he got there Where is it today or now.
The atmosphere that @ORGANIZATION1 created in the memoir is a calm, loving atmosphere. Narciso says his @NUM1 room home usually has people there for a while until they can get back on their feet. Near Narciso, despite the customs, all cultures are united in great solidarity and friendship.
In Narciso Rodriguez's Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates an atmosphere of family and love in his memoir. @PERSON1 is a boy who lives in a three bedroom apartment with his parents. The heart of the house is the kitchen, where his parents taught him to cook and showed him passionate Cuban music. Forms the backdrop of life in our warm home (@NUM1). Then @PERSON1 realized that "'family' has nothing to do with blood" (@NUM2), suggesting a community of Spanish, Cuban, and Italian immigrants getting along just fine. Many people lived in Rodriguez's house, even if they were not related by blood. Some were the landlord and his daughter, who lived upstairs and the grandparents in the basement. Neighbors are welcome to stay, they usually stay at home because they have financial/money issues, @CAPS1 Rodriguez keeps people staying until they can get back on their feet @CAPS1, "My parents always put them Arms and theirs have opened doors to many who we consider family, knowing they will do the same for us" (@NUM3). "It was in this simple house...I learned the true definition of 'family'. For that, I will never forget that house or its elegant community, or what I learned there about how to love Many things. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@NUM4).
The emotion in the memoir is that the author is grateful. He is grateful for many things, such as his love of cooking and his gratitude to his parents. He's glad he has this family, he's glad he has a simple house where he was born. There are several options for mood. The author writes about happiness. He grew up where he had friends or family, people they trusted. He also had his landowner and first friend to help them eat at the table. His parents opened doors for the family, knowing that others would do the same. He thinks his parents were brave, they had the courage to come to @LOCATION1 because they knew they would leave everything behind. He was happiest about how he learned what "family" really meant.
The author creates an optimistic, caring mood in his memoir. He described the intense love and affection in his home. These emotions are expressed in writing. The passage about his home exudes a very homely vibe. In this memoir, one can feel warmth, love, and roots. The emotions of love in this excerpt have many emotional subdivisions.
Home is where the heart is, and nothing says it better than my memoir, Home: A Blueprint for My Life. In the memoir, it talks about family, where your heart is, where your home is. Memories and gives a feeling of tingling and love. It makes us feel happy and loving, especially in several parts. First, when the author talks about what his family does at home, it makes the world slow down and think of family. Narcisoc (the author and narrator) says in the second paragraph that "the endless celebrations, both, form the backdrop against which we live in the warmth of our homes". Like a movie about the holidays in a movie, this makes for a picture of a happy and laughing family. Second, Narciso says how united they are. This portrays a feeling of solidarity and caring. In the fourth paragraph @PERSON1 recalled, "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us". Reminds readers of friendship and hope in difficult times. The emotion that comes is a tingling of love and hope. Most people never find that feeling again, especially during these trying times. Most people know that home is not a building, it is a sanctuary.
I thought the author's mood was caring; but then I also thought it was peaceful. I think it's caring because of the way he talks about his neighbors. I also think it's caring because he understands what's going on. But I think it's calm because the way he talks is a calm tone.
The mood created by @CAPS1 is a very nice and happy mood. You can tell from the fact that he always talks about happiness, family, Cuban Hart and work, music.
The author creates a calm atmosphere in his memoirs. It's calming because you can imagine the admiration in his voice when he talks about his family. One of the reasons he loves his family is, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we think of as family because they know they will do the same." That means their families are always looking out for each other , and protect everyone when help is needed. Another reason he loves his family, especially his parents, is because they do so much for the author. "They come selflessly to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love. It means that even though everything they know is in Cuba, they want to Their own children have a better chance of life and happiness, so they give up everything and move on. These are some examples of why the author sets a calm mood in his memoir.
In the excerpt, the author creates a feeling of love. It mentions that Narciso will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. This tells us they get on well and really care about each other. And his siblings live in different parts of the apartment. They helped set the table and ate with them, so I could tell they were all loving and caring and enjoyed being together as a family. That's why I believe the author is creating a loving, peaceful mood.
In "Narciso Rodriguez From Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives @PERSON1, the author creates an emotion. I think it's an exceptional emotion. @PERSON2 talks about how he is working with so many other immigrants The community grew up in. Paragraph @NUM1 says "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival in this country"...which shows that no matter how diverse people are. The author's Family always accepts them and their differences. Paragraph @NUM2 says "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family and knew they would do the same for us. "This is another example of how Rodriguez grew up loving and accepting of this family. It also shows how close, kind, loving this community is "@PERSON2" from the family: @PERSON1 of our lives blueprint.
Narciso Rodriguez @CAPS1 ponders and relives past events at his parents' home in Newark, NJ in the article "Narciso Rodriguez from home: the blueprints of our life." The author creates a calm and happy memory in the article. The No. 1 reason for a calm but happy mood is because they are the serious part of the paragraph and the happy part of the paragraph. In the fourth paragraph, Narciso recalls that many of his family members lived near his home. When @CAPS1 says: "Arnold, Maria and Rosemary also live nearby and join our table often." When @CAPS1 says "our table", @CAPS1 is referring to the dinner table. Emotions calmed down when @CAPS2 talked about how happy his parents were to come to @CAPS3 as immigrants without @CAPS4 language or writing knowledge. @CAPS1 also says in the 5th paragraph, "Give their children a better life." @CAPS5 Those are so many great details to explain the sentiment Narciso is trying to convey in this paragraph.
I think the emotions created by this author are love, happiness and respect. He really admired his parents and cared about him a lot. In @CAPS1 @NUM1, the author recalls: "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love." @CAPS2's mood is that they're bringing Cuban style and culture to @LOCATION1, living in a simple house. Determination also plays a big role @CAPS2. The authors' parents were determined to give their children a better life. Emotions are the whole @CAPS3 in the story, so I think it's going to be a mix of happiness, solidarity, caring, and determination.
The mood the author creates in Narciso @CAPS1's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is @CAPS2, but happy and loving at the same time. Narciso created a @CAPS2 mood as he explained his family's troubles as well as his friends and local neighbors. Narcisco explains what they've been through and it feels like @CAPS4. Narciso also created a feeling of joy and love, as he would say that people from all over the world "made up mainly of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants" would come to the city and they would come together to help each other. They will also see each other as one big family, made up of happiness and love. These are the emotions author Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoir.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is really appreciated, "family" has nothing to do with blood (paragraph @NUM1). Also, it shows how grateful he is to his family, as in the @NUM2 paragraph it says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was a braver thing than I can't do it." It shows that he is very happy and grateful for what he has and that he actually realizes how much they sacrificed for him and how much they love him
The author gives the memoir a @CAPS1 and cultural vibe. He talks about his childhood music and food, but he also talks about his extended "family" and how they always have someone to stay at home until they can get back on their feet. He also talked about how the House doesn't build a home - it's built by the people. If no one lives in a house, it can never be called home. Family and friends @CAPS2 brings it closer and closer to being a home.
In this memoir, Narciso talks about his life. As @CAPS1 talks @CAPS1 always creates a @NUM1 creates a mood by talking about his environment. In the @NUM2 paragraph it says, "That 'family' has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 creates a good mood because @CAPS1 knows @CAPS1 has many friends. Second, Narciso creates a mood to talk about his first friend. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it says that Alegria lives above us and Alegria often graces our table. The good mood of having friends is what @NUM4 created a mood to talk about his parents. In the @NUM5 paragraph, it said: "My parents came here with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. @CAPS1 is in a good mood because his parents had a lot of courage. Apparently, Narciso in his memoir .
The mood the author creates in his memoir is that he is happy. One way is "My mother and father came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, as do many immigrants, in order to give their children something better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and carers in the country they love." For example, he's @CAPS1 and his parents came to @CAPS2 with so much care. The second way is "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents". For example, when your parents do something for you, you always thank them. This is how the author describes his mood.
Home is where the heart is. In this case, his "family" is his heart, and his home is his home. He is Cuban but has never been to Cuba to meet his real family.
There are many ways to describe the author's mood in this memoir. I think the overall feeling and mood in the memoir is happiness and greatness. Narciso Rodriguez's parents were from Cuba and they were not very wealthy. Narciso grew up in a three-bedroom apartment in a community of Cuban immigrants @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2. Narciso had great parents, according to the memoir with the last sentence of the seventh paragraph of the memoir, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1 means @CAPS1 doesn't care how much space they have in the apartment @CAPS1 just cares and loves the amount and relationship of their love for each other.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" From Home: The Blueprints From Home: The Blueprints, the emotions conveyed to me are joy, gratitude and sadness. The first mood conveyed is a happy mood. The speaker said of his community that "all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship" (paragraph @NUM1). When it says "come together," it shows that the speaker must feel happy in the story. Second, the mood is a sense of satisfaction. When the speaker talks about his parents, he says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM2 paragraph) When it says "grateful", it shows that the speaker has great respect for his parents. The emotion that finally conveyed to me was one of sadness. When the speaker talked about his parents, he said "what they did was braver than I ever did" (paragraph @NUM2). When he said "did it," he felt bad for not having a chance to repay them. All in all, the emotions conveyed to me in the story are happiness, gratitude and sadness.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness and how he writes about his feelings as a Cuban. For example, she said she will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home. The author is delighted to be Cuban and to celebrate her culture at United @ORGANIZATION1.
The emotion that @PERSON1 created in the memoir of The Blueprint for Our Lives is one of generosity and friendship. From a very young age, @PERSON1 recounts how often there are guests at his table. This could be his "nanny and first friend," his surrogate grandparents, or any number of friends and relatives. They generously hosted the constant "friends and family gatherings" because his family knew they would always be welcome in someone else's house because of their generosity. "My parents always opened their doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us." The constant gathering of friends and family at @PERSON1's home creates a sense of An atmosphere of generosity and friendship.
It was a very high, happy mood. It made me feel like I was there. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". It means he appreciates all the hard work his parents have done. @CAPS1 they made. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture". He is proud that his parents came from their country, and it was difficult to learn a new language while speaking a different language. All in all, it was a very high, happy mood.
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is a feeling of warmth, happiness, and joy. When Narciso Rodriguez describes his Newark home @CAPS1, I am very happy with his Cuban home. He said, "My young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland... Passionate Cuban music (which I still love to this day) fills the aroma of the kitchen." From this sentence, I can vividly see the couple following along Dancing to Cuban music, his parents were cooking. The positive and warm emotions created by Rodriguez are expressed through the use of words, and he uses a specific choice of words. I can get this warm feeling when he uses words like "enthusiasm" or "close-knit community." Rodriguez also created a blissful atmosphere when describing his Cuban feast with all his family and friends. "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not only scent and music, but life and love," he said. (paragraph @NUM1) Author via Vivid And descriptive details create a happy and warm mood.
The author creates a lively mood of gratitude for the love of parents. “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.” They passed on a wealth of cooking skills and love for cooking, for which he is forever grateful. To this day, he enjoys passionate Cuban music. The author creates a lively mood of love and gratitude for parents.
