My mood is love and unity. Everyone in the community helps each other. In the article, they said: "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who are clearly in need, if not absolutely devoid of their kind." This tells me they will help And love anyone and any race as if they were part of their own family. That's the mood this story portrays to me.
The overall mood the author creates in his memoir is gratitude. A quote from the @NUM1 paragraph reads, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that express both, form the background of life in our warm homeland." This sentence suggests that Naxi Soo grew up in a very warm and happy home, for which he is very happy and grateful. Another famous quote is, "I often tell them that what they do is much braver than what I do." Paragraph @NUM2 This shows that his parents must have worked hard to give him a good life And gave up a lot. A line in paragraph @NUM3 is, "It was here that I learned the true definition of "family". To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, because I learned so much about it there Love stuff." It shows how much he appreciates his parents for teaching him so much about life, love, and family that he would never have known if it wasn't for them.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are grateful and grateful. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." This quote shows that Narciso Rodriguez A big thanks for where he lives with all his family and friends because he knows that if his family needs anything, their neighbors will always be there for him and his family. Also in @CAPS1 @NUM2 it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This statement shows that Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to have a loving and thoughtful man family, going through a difficult time for him and his family.
The author in the memoir created many different emotions. One emotion the author sets is empathy or empathy for parents and how they can only live in a furnished apartment. Another emotion that is created is pride. The author sets this up when they talk about how he was born in a simple house and now he loves music, culture, cooking and family. When the author says this is a time when overt racism is the norm and segregation prevails in America, he creates a sad mood. This creates a sad mood because racism is a bad concept and because the family is Cuban. Other emotions set by the author are those of gratitude and happiness. The author begins expressing gratitude at the end of the excerpt, where he begins by saying how grateful he is to have selfless and loving parents. Likewise, when he says he has a humble house, the Cuban feast always leaves the air with not just scent and music, but life and love. Happiness is the author's mood because he lives in a wonderful home with a loving and caring family, when he says I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home.
The mood the author creates in her memoir is a good one @CAPS1 knows her parents moved from Cuba for her and gave her a better life. "My young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland." There tried to give her their life in Cuba, and it could only be better. And @CAPS1 has a selfless family because they moved her and raised her in a good neighborhood. When they say "all these cultures come together in great solidarity, segregation stops and people can hang out with other people from different places, and it makes you feel good. Family always comes first, no matter what." Bit, even if you don't understand, it always comes first which is why @CAPS1 creates joy and good mood among those reading this because of family.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very happy and grateful. Growing up in a traditional Cuban family where his parents cooked, he was able to acquire a strong sense of "family". Not just blood relatives, all who would like to be like them. There is no racism near them. They all came a lot and came every night for dinner. His parents loved him and did a lot for him. His simple house is a home. These things create feelings of joy and gratitude
The mood the author creates in his memoir is thanks to @CAPS1 and happiness. He is very grateful to his parents and how they gave up their entire lives in Cuba for the benefit of their children. They have a great life in Cuba, they have high-paying jobs, they have a nice home, and a nice extended family, and I bet they don't want to leave. But it's something they have to do in the interest of their children. So they moved to America, they left their home and their high-paying jobs, and most importantly, their family. I'm sure they'll miss them like crazy. In this passage, he (the author) is the most grateful boy ever, thanking his parents for their sacrifice and how they came to this country with such courage and ignorance of the language of the culture. But they are here to give their children a better life, even away from their family, friends and carers in the country.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are love, kindness, and welcome. This is true because the author uses adjectives such as warm, warm, humble, and simple to describe how families live surrounded by kind people in a loving atmosphere. In addition, the author describes how his family always welcomed others into their home and received similar feedback. @CAPS1 describes it because they see everyone as family, and Narciso believes it's because they love each other. Finally, the author explains how @CAPS1 is so grateful for his parents "for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 said @CAPS1 "thanks them again and again". It also shows how Narciso wrote a loving memoir, especially to his parents, which determines the mood of the essay.
The author may have been in a good mood. The author may have been doing some of our own family, history, and seeing his family do the same things they did in the story.
Feeling warm and happy. His parents opened their hearts with enthusiasm to anyone in trouble. They let people come over and stay with them whenever they want.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir are happiness and love for @NUM1 reasons. The first @CAPS1 parent "created a traditional cube home with a kitchen at its heart. Both my parents share cooking duties." As the @NUM2 paragraph says, passionate Cuban music is in the air, mixed with The aroma of the kitchen. There is a feeling of happiness in the house, the aroma of the food and the music mixed with the aroma, and the parents helping each other in the kitcn give a feeling of love. The second paragraph in @NUM3 says "Our landlord lives above us with his daughter Alegria (my nanny and first friend) who often dine at our kitchen table , which shows the feelings of love and happiness between Narciso and Alegria The last example is also in paragrafe @NUM3 as it says "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone temporarily joins us together until they can get back on their feet. "It's a mood of love that allows their relatives to accept them until they go into their own lives. That's the mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness and love.
Created by the author in his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, @CAPS1 is a man of love and fear. In his memoir, Narciso talks about how his entire community "came together." Also, he makes readers feel how loving and caring his family is. Narciso also said: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that family has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS2 His neighbors are close to him, basically family. @CAPS1 described in @CAPS3 is loving and caring.
The atmosphere of the story is comfortable. When the author describes his home and how everyone is welcome, it makes me feel like these people are in a comfortable, safe and loving environment. When you turn a house into a home, you feel comfortable because you have so many comforting and loving memories. The author said that many people come to his house to eat Cuban food.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a very strong emotion and describes it very well. The tone of the story is happiness. One way the author describes this is all the appreciation in the memoir. The author really appreciates all the things his parents did for him, it was really hard for them to do. "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children." Another sentimental addition of the author One way is the bearer in the story. Narciso cares deeply about what his parents have done for him. Also, how his family kept other relatives by their side and looked after them. In the end, all cultures contribute to emotions. The descriptions of Cuban food and music and how they celebrate bring joy to the minds of readers. As you can see, the author is very good at creating a mood.
The mood created by the author is happiness. I know because he explained how grateful he is to his parents, @CAPS1 is glad he has a wonderful home and he learned the true definition of family. The author thanks @CAPS1 for the love from his parents. He said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. He is so happy to have a place to call home. He will never forget it," he added. "I will never forget how my parents made this simple The house became like this. into a home. Finally he learned the definition of family. "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family'," the article said.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is love, care, family, sacrifice, and warmth. All of these emotions are on display when the author describes all of her interpretations of the family, and when she describes what her parents did for her. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant keeping their family, friends and career behind them," the article reads. Loved country.", @CAPS1 Parents so sacrifice caring and loving their children so much that they are willing to give up life in their own country and leave everything behind in order to make Narciso's life better. Their family provides warmth and care to everyone who needs it. They really understand what family really means. The author creates a very loving mood in this memoir.
The creator created by the author in his memoir is happiness because of the happy career he grew up in @LOCATION1 and the courage of his family. Love too, because he said "I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love." @CAPS1 admires "their strength and perseverance."
The mood the author creates in this memoir is to be proud and happy for who you are no matter what. An example of this sentiment displayed in the excerpt is when the family moves into a new apartment. The narrator says: "My young parents created a traditional Cuban family. The passionate @CAPS1 music fills the air. Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends and endless celebrations that include both , which forms the living background of our warm home" This shows that these families are proud of being Cuban because even though they are at @LOCATION1 now, they have not forgotten the Cuban tradition of life, food and music. They are satisfied with their lives. As explained in this excerpt, you should always be proud of who you are and who you are.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is one of love. In the memoir, the author talks a lot about family. Although they are not related by blood, he considers many to be in his family. In the text it says: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community..." @CAPS1 author talks To the emotional example of love his parents were selfless and left so much. All they did was to make sure he had a better life. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants have done, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their families, friends and careers where they loved," the memoirs read. Country." Also, the mood is loving, as the author talks about how grateful he is. He is grateful that his parents did so much for him and others. In the story it says "I will never forget how my parents turned that simple house into home." @CAPS2 could explain why this memoir mood is a love one.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he certainly created a mood of happiness and love, love for family and friends. His definition of family differs from everyone else's, but many would agree with his definition. He said family members are not only blood relatives, but also the love and friendship people have for each other. By creating an atmosphere of love and happiness, the reader is transported into a cultural story and how his life was influenced by his parents and family. As he describes the food, the laughter, the neighbors, the kitchen and the house, everything feels so warm, it feels like a place someone wants to go. Because he talks about what people want to hear, he develops a feeling of warmth and joy throughout the reading.
In the article "Narciso Rodriguez", the author is explaining how his home grew up. The mood changes throughout, from "uplifting," to pride, to greatness. All very relaxing tones. First, this article begins with background information. This part is heartening, especially when the author uses words like "innocence, warmth, and endless celebration." When he says "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless festivities, form the background of our warm home life", the image of happiness that comes to the minds of readers is a kind of Mood The mood the author gave to @CAPS1 in the article is a sense of pride. Narciso Rodriguez said: "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to the country and celebrated my first birthday there." @CAPS2 No shame in that sentence . The author is honest and shows how proud he is to explain how proud he is to grow. Finally, the author exudes a wonderful mood. He said that he learned the definition of family, and although he was not placed in the best home, he also left a lot of memories. All in all, the author shows different emotions such as upliftment, pride, gratitude.
Such is the mood the author creates in his memoirs. That means she's a US citizen of @LOCATION1 and she's a good kid at school. She is nice to others. She respects her region and she is hopeful for the future. There are many family members in her story, and that's how I feel about the memoir. This is what I think it means.
The emotions in the memoir are mostly gratitude and happiness. The author describes his house as "...our traditional Cuban family,...", "...unwittingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love for The love of cooking is still with me to this day." This shows that even though the author is an adult, he still has the enthusiasm of his parents being together as a child. The author realizes that "family doesn't mean blood," it's about being with the people he loves and using life's little moments to make things happen. The article says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows the author's admiration for his parents, who gave up everything to get to where they are now. The memoir ends by explaining that the author is grateful to live in that house and have everyone by his side. He learned what "family" really means and the true definition of true love.
The author creates a grateful memory. The author is looking back at where he grew up and recalling how loving and open his parents were to a world that was trying to stop them. He thanked his parents for teaching him the definition of family and how to cook, as well as an appreciation for culture and openness.
The author of the memoir has created this atmosphere very well. The mood in the memoir is very warm and happy. There are many ways in which the author creates this emotion. One way he created it was to say that back then, overt racism was the norm and segregation was rife in America. He then said that his neighbors were made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants, and despite their different customs, all these cultures fused together in great solidarity and friendship. Another way the author creates this emotion is by telling us how caring his parents are. When he tells us when someone needs it, he does it and they keep them at home. '" The next way the author creates that emotion is when he says my parents always have open arms and open doors. Many of the people we think of as family, know they're going to do the same for us. These are the authors in the story Some ways to create emotions.
The author creates a mood in this memoir. The author begins with a sad mood. He explained how when his parents moved from Cuba to the United States, they lived in a one-room apartment, and there was a lot of segregation in the United States. As the author describes in the @NUM1 paragraph, the memoir became happier and how friendly and close the people who lived around him were. Paragraph @NUM2 lists the hardships of the author's parents. The fact that they had to start over is sad. The author concludes with a happy ending in paragraphs @NUM3 and @NUM4. He describes what he learned from his parents and what he is grateful for. For example, he learned what "family" really means. The mood the author creates is very important to the memoir.
In the memoir, the author creates a mood of joy and joy. One of the reasons I feel that way is the way he talks about what's going on at home. Like in his @NUM1 segment about the family highlight being the kitchen and how his parents passed on the skills and love of cooking to him. Another reason I feel that way is the way he describes the type of friendship he has as a neighborhood. Just like in the @NUM2 segment, he talks about how all the different cultures come together and form great friendships with each other. As I read this, it reminds me of all the fun and joyful things that have happened in my house and wonders what else will happen to my house in the future.
@CAPS1 is in a good mood. Glad because Narciso is happy to have a home and family. He was delighted with the courage of his parents. He is happy to be loved. Narciso loves his family and cares about him. He also liked the courage they had to immigrate to America. The mood of the story is happy.
In this memoir, the author tries to create a mood so that readers can better understand this memoir. The author creates a very caring mood. The author talks about her "traditional Cuban home", he talks about what's going on in her home, the passionate Cuban music played by @CAPS1 For @CAPS2, the arms of the kitchen, the innocence of childhood, and the innocence of her childhood in her "warmth" Family". It shows that her family really loves and cares about each other. In addition, Narciso Rodriguez said: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relations." This also shows that the mood at the time was loving and caring for each other. Finally, Narciso Rodriguez talks about how grateful she is for what her parents have done and sacrificed for her. She says she will never forget her classy neighbor, she learned the true definition of family, she is @CAPS3 her parent/family because she made her house a home. The mood of the story is very loving and caring.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is happy and very gratifying. In his memoir, it recounts the feelings of author Narciso Rodriguez: "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents". It makes him so, so, so grateful and happy with his life, which makes Reason happy to hear that his parents sacrificed themselves for their children to have a better life, even without their family, friends and Careers in a country they love.
The mood the author describes in his memoir is one that is very loving, caring and emotional. In the @NUM1 paragraph, she said "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family'. To that end, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or what I learned there about how to go Many things to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
This author's mood is @CAPS1, very detailed. He described the man's life and told the life of the family. He speaks and describes how he lives in the @LOCATION1 family of two, in a blond brick house, and has a passion for Cuban music. Some Cuban and Italian immigrants are racist and they don't care.
In "Narciso Rodriguez" of the "@CAPS1 in our lives" story, Narciso describes the mood of family and friends. He described how his family always waited with open arms to accept anyone who needed their help. He describes how his extended family is always nearby. He described the celebrations and dinners held at his home. On top of that, he described how there are always guests and family near his home.
There are many different emotions throughout the process. One of them is in the @NUM1 paragraph. It was a party at the new home and everyone had a great time. They were all happy and excited The second emotion was the friendliness in the @NUM2 segment. They're all from different parts of the world and get along well with him, and despite their differences, they're still together as friends. The last feeling is love. The Thare family gets together on birthdays and sometimes on random days for dinner. The Rodriguez family opened their doors to any relative who needed shelter. They keep them in the house there for as long as they need to get back on their feet. (In paragraph @NUM3.) @CAPS1 are the different sentiment types of the Rodriguez family throughout the paragraph.
The author creates a very warm, cheerful mood in the memoir and uses a cheerful tone throughout the story. First, Narciso talks about his New Jersey home, which has been rebuilt in Cuban tradition. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) is in the air, mixed with the aromas of the kitchen." As you can see, Narciso has great admiration for his Cuban heritage, and through him The warmth aroused in the words manifested. Next, Narciso emphasizes that regardless of biracial, everyone in the neighborhood is together like family, which gives readers a sense of joy and safety. In the end, the author creates a moving mood in the reader by explaining how much his parents sacrificed for him to live a good life. Narciso expresses his parental love so strongly in this sentence that readers can feel it.
The mood of the author in the memoir is like saying good and bad because he speaks like he and his family take in those in need and get back on their feet, hoping that people will do the same for them when they need it. Boy is happy he lives at @LOCATION1 but his parents gave up a lot for him. This is the author's mood.
Reading this memoir by the author is a bit bittersweet. It talks about the sweet little things that are sad but also joyful at times. They talk about a lot of sacrifice in this memoir. It feels like they both have to grow faster because it's so different from our lives and they appreciate it more than we do, even if they don't like us. It sounds like everyone gets along so easily, but they make do with everything they have. It really touched my heart.
Emotions in Memoir "Narciso Rodriguez is an appreciation for what you have. An example of appreciation is @CAPS1 @NUM1 who said "After a year in a furnished studio apartment, @NUM2's Rawedia Maria and @NUM2 NUM3-year-old @ORGANIZATION1 can move into a humble three-bedroom apartment I'll soon call my home". This shows he's happy to have whatever he can get his hands on. Another example is throughout the memoir , he always talks about all the problems he has encountered, but he is still grateful for everything growing up, this is the mood in the story
The author of this passage seems content with the way she lives today. She explained that her parents were originally from Cuba and arrived in the United States in 1956. She tells us how she was born in 1961 and lived in a two-family blond brick house. She talks about growing up in this environment, which instilled a strong sense of family in me. She mentioned that her parents raised her well and they made them seem like a really great family. The author of this memoir seems very happy that she thinks she has found the definition of family
In this memoir, the author creates a tone that is very unifying and comforting, but also responsible and thoughtful. In the second paragraph, Narciso Rodriguez offers a sentence summarizing his thoughts on his three-bedroom apartment, claiming that it was "the innocence of childhood, gatherings of family and friends, and including The endless celebration of the two that make up life in our warm home." Adjectives such as "innocence" and "warmth" Rodriguez offered in the sentence provided a sense of comfort, while "the congregation" ” adds to the concept of solidarity. However, he also showed that his parents were very responsible and hardworking, "like many immigrants who selflessly came to America to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers". With all this self-sacrifice, Narciso Rodriguez himself is very grateful to his parents, constantly thanking them for the opportunities they gave him.
The author wants you to feel in the mood that your family and house are filled with love. He mentioned a lot that his parents would bring friends and @CAPS1 to the table because they would help the author's family in the long run. This sentiment shows that the author enjoys the home life he grew up in, and that his family admires where they come from.
The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez is joy. @CAPS1 expresses happiness by showing that @CAPS1 just wants to do what @CAPS1 loves with my family, and @CAPS1 did it. @CAPS1 also showed that @CAPS1 is great. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." @CAPS1 felt that @CAPS1 would never be as "brave" as his parents, and @CAPS1 thanked them for that, "I thank them again and again. " The overall mood is joy and happiness. There is a flowchart at the bottom of the page, column @NUM1: one for mood and one for support. Feeling happy and grateful. The support for happiness is "like @CAPS1 doesn't want anything anymore". Write your gratitude (@NUM2).
The mood of the memoir is very good. The author appreciates his culture and Cuban ancestry. He shows that his cooking skills have improved due to the phase transition from house to home. His parents were delighted to have a great designer learn and understand @CAPS1 Cuban skills he learned from the emotions of life as a child.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he creates a mood of appreciation. He talks about how grateful he is for his parents who selflessly came to @LOCATION1 to give their children a better life. Also, how his parents accepted they couldn't get the jobs they deserved. However, Narciso's parents knew that it would be worth it if their children had a better life, which made Narciso immensely grateful for their parents' sacrifice. He appreciates how his parents taught him what "family" really means. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says, "For this reason, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." It feels How grateful Narciso is for all he has. The emotion in Narciso's memoir is his gratitude to his family.
Emotions are created by the author in the memoir. "Narciso Rodriguez and the internally re-integrated @CAPS1 desiner, provides the following definition of 'family'." @CAPS2 @CAPS3 All the differences between families and what families are. "Our landlord lives above us with his daughter Alegria (my nanny and my first friend) who regularly graces our table". Alegra is part of the @CAPS4 family, not by blood, but by @CAPS5, because @CAPS6 knows Rodriguez's family @CAPS6 loves them, so @CAPS6 becomes part of the family there, they become part of her family. "Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations form the living background of our warm home." When you're away from home, everything you do is different, you sleep, eat, talk, react differently, unless everything goes back to normal when you're at home. Family is not blood, but the heart of @CAPS5, home is not where you live, but where the family is, this is where the memory is, this is the mood set by the author
The atmosphere created in the memoir is one of calm, @CAPS1 and gratitude as Narciso Rodriguez is grateful that his parents showed him what family really means, saying his entire community has come together to create peace in @CAPS1.
In the memoir, the author's mood is that they have a family from Cuba who came to @LOCATION2 in 1970, but the other [parents] came to @LOCATION2 in 1956 and lived in an apartment. Happy to change their lives over time at @LOCATION2, the author moon is nice because they want to tell us about their life and how it happened, how they got here, and what else they want us to know matter.
The mood the author creates in the excerpt "Narciso Rodriguez" is lighthearted. One evidence of the lighthearted mood is in the @NUM1 paragraph, which says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop of life in our warm homes .” One piece of evidence for @CAPS1 is in paragraph @NUM2, which says: “My parents always had their arms and doors open to a lot of people who were considered family because they knew they would do the same for us.” Also , in the @NUM3 paragraph, it says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they have done is more courageous than I have ever done." In conclusion, I feel that the author has created a A lighthearted mood.
The author created a warm and happy atmosphere. Gives a sense of home by talking about his parents culture cooking and music. His parents graciously received them when they were upset, creating an atmosphere of solidarity and love for the extended family. The author also creates a feeling of gratitude through the love and sacrifice of parents, and working there to make life better there. It also showed their perseverance, as Narciso's parents didn't even speak English, but they survived and made a good life for their family.
This memoir actually sets more than one mood. Most importantly, however, is admiration. The author's writing focuses on the many positive behaviors and traits of his parents during childhood. He admires them for bravely coming to @LOCATION1 to start a new life despite hard times and racism. He also praised their willingness to help other immigrants and stick with everyone as they made a fresh start. Another emotion in memoir is gratitude. The author looks back on what his parents did for him many times. He credits them with turning their small, poor apartment into his home and teaching him what it really means to be family. In a way that touches readers, the author thanks his parents for making him who he is now.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is joyful and grateful. First, the environment helps mood. The backdrop for this story is a beautiful little house with a happy environment surrounded by family and friends. "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood...in our community...all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." That sentence The words show that the community and the people in it contribute to a happy mood. Second, what the author's parents did makes the author happy and grateful. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Although it wasn't easy for them, the author's parents @MONTH1 made sacrifices so that the author could live a better life. This makes the author's life very happy, and the author is grateful. The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joyous and great.
The emotions in the memoir are about family. Your family does everything for you. I love my family. No matter what I do, they support me. Whether it's sports or school work, they're always there for me. They are so loving and amazing. All families have crises", but my family solved them. In the memoir, Narciso has to live alone. His parents left, they thought he could do it. He was very responsible and his parents saw that .His family is passionate about religion. They cook and listen to their cultural music. My family can do a lot together. Work well and they are successful. They have a @CAPS1 in @LOCATION1 called @ORGANIZATION1 Family restaurant. They make delicious food and I'm so proud of my family.
I will @CAPS1 @CAPS2 be @CAPS3 hopeful and grateful as the last few paragraphs thank people and say thanks.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author sets the mood to be grateful. We can say the author is grateful because she said she is grateful that her parents left Cuba for her to live in @LOCATION1. In the fifth paragraph, he said: "They come here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it means leaving their families, friends and careers behind The country they love." In the sixth paragraph, she says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This is another example of her gratitude. A third example is also in the sixth paragraph where the author says, "I often tell them about my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again." That is, the person appreciates their sacrifice, and they can't say that they are parents. In conclusion, from the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" we can conclude that they thank their parents for what they did for them.
@CAPS1 creates a warm and homey feel. They explain their past troubles as parents and how they overcame it. This shows courage. They describe their traditions and culture, showing confidence and honor. @CAPS1 did a great job, @CAPS2 created a comfortable feel.
In @CAPS3, author @CAPS1 has many emotions to describe and adapt to what happened in his memoir. One way of memoir is love. See from @CAPS3 how he has grown to understand family life even if he is not blood related to someone. The mood of this @CAPS5 is loving because he is @CAPS4 and from everything that has happened to him, he is close to the people in his life. The second emotion in memoir is appreciation. The memoir is a true @CAPS3 witch about the author's true feelings behind what @CAPS3 said. From @CAPS3 explains how the author @CAPS4 thanked his parents for going through @CAPS4 for him and giving him what he needed. This @CAPS5 is grateful because it says he thanked them over and over again. The final mood might be @CAPS2. Mood is @CAPS2 because in @CAPS3 it explains that the company of family and friends makes him enjoy everything because his family always has someone coming over to have dinner with him and always with open arms if anyone needs help, @ CAPS4 this @CAPS5 mood could be @CAPS2. In general, there are many ways to describe @CAPS3's mood by reading.
The mood the author creates in his memoir will be sad because he is reminiscing about a very good time in his life and he knows it won't happen again but at the same time he is happy to have a good childhood and miss the good times when he I'm so grateful for his parents' hard work when things looked bad, and that's how I think the author feels in this memoir.
In "Narciso Rodriguez" by Narciso Rodriguez, a mood of joy, love and gratitude is created. Narciso wrote, "Growing up in an environment like this made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 Love the people @CAPS1 call family, even if they're not really related. @CAPS1 talks about his first friend, Alegria, and his surrogate grandparents, Sergio and Edelmira. Narciso admits his parents have left their old lives and came to @LOCATION3 for him. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents," @CAPS1 said. @CAPS1 knows his parents care about him more than they can express. Narciso knew his community was an important part of his life and proved it by writing "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood or the many things I learned there about how to love" . I think overall it's an upbeat post about a man's past where she learned the defense of love and how grateful @CAPS1 is for those who taught him.
Narciso Rodriguez's book Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives describes her home and how grateful she is for it. The author appreciates how much time her parents took to get the author back home. The decoration of the home is done perfectly. "My young parents created our traditional Cuban house, with the kitchen at its heart" (@NUM1 paragraph). Shows how much love, time and sacrifice her parents gave to get such a surprise. Turning a "shabby house into a home" is hard. (paragraph @NUM2).
I feel like the emotions in the memoir thank your family for a number of reasons. My first reason is that Narciso's parents came to @LOCATION1 from Cuba just to make sure the kids there have a good life. Another reason is that his parents worked hard and worked hard to give him a good life. They also made the house there feel like their son's home. Narciso has many things to be grateful for.
In the memoir, the author exudes a happy and great mood. He said they didn't make the home a traditional Cuban home, and the kitchen was a fireplace. Narciso said he was always proud of the cooking skills his parents taught him. They have "family" all the time and they even let people stay until they get back on their feet. He is grateful that they are doing everything they can to give their children a better life. They also taught him the true definition of "family," and he is forever grateful for them.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood the author creates in his memoir is one that makes you feel at home. The mood the author creates makes you feel right at home. A phrase in the memoir that helped set the mood was "passionate Cuban music mixed with the aromas of the kitchen." The second thing @PERSON2 mentioned that also helped set the mood was "Growing up in such an environment instilled in me A good feeling that "family" has nothing to do with blood relatives. I conclude that the mood @PERSON2 creates is to make you feel like home. That's the mood set by @CAPS1.
In this memoir, the author creates a feeling of gratitude. Narciso Rodriguez said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 expresses gratitude to parents for their selflessness. His parents "completely restarted their lives" (@NUM1 paragraph) just to give their kids a better life. "Believe that this trouble will lead them and their children to better times, and it motivates them to endure these difficult times." (@NUM1 paragraph) It also describes how friendly their family is. It says, "There are often people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." (@NUM3 paragraph) They are honest, hardworking immigrants who help others and work hard for a better life. @CAPS1 described the mood at the time in many details. @CAPS1 described Rodriguez's home in paragraph @NUM4, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of our warm home life. " The author uses details to describe the mood in the memoir of Narciso Rodriguez.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author describes his first home as a child as a warm and inviting place to live. As in the paragraph "...my parents always have their doors open", it means that his home is a loving place that welcomes anyone in need. The overall mood of this memoir is that the author grew up in a community that was unified and happy, and that all other immigrants were "family."
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is very positive. I believe the sentiment is positive because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Also "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. "@CAPS1 There are a lot of positives in this whole memoir. That's the mood in the memoir.
Feeling good and happy. He talks about how his most treasured memories are with his parents, family and friends in his hometown. He talked about all the fun they had, like seeing lots of family feasts all the time, and how he got so much fun.
The emotion created by author Narciso Rodriguez is one of gratitude and love. The author created that sentiment because he said how grateful he was that his parents sacrificed what they had in Cuba to come here and help create a better person for him. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author is very grateful to his parents for everything. The author also creates a feeling of love because in the @NUM2 paragraph he talks about how his parents have always cared about friends and family, he said they were always open for anyone who needed time to stand up. The author is also talking about his neighbors being a family and they love each other. Author Narciso Rodriguez creates an emotion of love and gratitude
In the memoir, the author creates a mood. Narciso Rodriguez tells about their childhood and their home. This creates an atmosphere of home and warmth of family and love in the reader. @CAPS1 This memoir feels like home, or in the home of a Cuban family. It's almost like whoever was @CAPS1 knew them. It gives a feeling of hospitality and love. For example, home, food, music, etc. are talked about in the paragraph to the author. At the end of the paragraph, it says that all these things make up the living background of our warm home. Throughout the memoir, it talks about family, friends, and neighbors. It gives a sense of hospitality like "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." @CAPS1 This memoir creates an atmosphere among readers. Mainly hospitality, but also love, warmth and friendship. It's as if you knew the Rodriguez family and you were entering their home.
In, @CAPS1 our lives @CAPS2 narciso Rodriguez. The atmosphere is calm, @CAPS3, that's why he mentioned @CAPS4 how he treats everyone, I love how he @CAPS5 a throwback story. Just like in @CAPS6, he @CAPS5 is a story timeline of what's to come. This is the mood / @CAPS8
The mood is to show that it is a comfortable feeling. Showing a family and how a family will take care of you and what not to explain what a lifestyle makes someone feel great and makes that feel safe and not living a life that will wither with you. This is the mood I think the author is trying to set
The emotions in Memoir are based on the author's feelings about his "home" and "family." @CAPS1 was raised by parents who allowed people to stay at home until they got back on their feet, and their entire neighbors did: "On the contrary, [his] community is mostly Spanish, Cuban and Italian People make up immigrants when overt racism becomes the norm and segregation in America (paragraph @NUM1).” @CAPS1 learned a lot of different things from them, like the definition of family: "Growing up in [him] indoctrinated environment, 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties (paragraph @NUM1)". What @CAPS1 is trying to say is that you can love someone and call them your family even if they are not blood related. @CAPS1's feelings for family are reciprocal to others' feelings for family: "[@CAPS1] will forever be grateful to [his] parents for their love and sacrifice to @CAPS2 (@NUM3 paragraph)". @CAPS1 loves everyone who has helped him, @CAPS1 is grateful to have them. The emotion in this memoir is love.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one that is very welcoming and happy. Rodriguez immediately spoke about the strengths in his life. Where he lives, his legacy and the strengths of his "family". When Rodriguez first moved into his house, he thought it was "a humble three-bedroom apartment. After all the good memories shared in the apartment, Rodriguez's attitude towards the apartment changed." Turn this simple house into a home. His legacy or culture fills the air. Some of these cultures include Cuban cooking and music. Another mood-setting advantage of "I Adore To This Day" is his "family." Rodriguez is always full of laughter when talking about his family, and "family" has nothing to do with blood. "The author creates a welcoming and happy mood.
The emotions of this passage are pride, hope, and love. Narciso clearly feels very strongly about his family. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," he said. That quote alone @CAPS1 is the pride and @CAPS2 in Narciso's words. Happy and loving.
The atmosphere the author creates in this memoir starts out as an exciting, party-like atmosphere, as in the second paragraph he says: "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aromas of the kitchen. And endless celebrations, etc. In the end, the mood changed slightly to one of gratitude, sweetness, and love, as he said, “I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents. The mood turned into a slow one and explained why he was grateful. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home," he said. "This sentence tells us another reason, and in the end, the mood turns into one of gratitude, sweetness, and love.
The atmosphere created in this memoir is one of friendship. One of the reasons is that his parents opened doors for people they considered family. There's a quote that illustrates this: "My parents always kept arms and doors on the many people we thought were family. This shows that the sentiment is friendship, as his parents were good friends of their family. The second reason Is the importance of friendship. A phrase that illustrates this is "Prove how important family and friends are. "It shows that the emotion is friendship, because his parents have taught him friendship all his life.
In this excerpt from Narciso Rodriguez's book, Home just reads the last sentence: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home", revealing the true mood of the memoir. The emotions expressed by the author in this excerpt are warmth, comfort and happiness. In the original @NUM1 paragraph or so, Rodriguez describes the simple apartment he originally lived in, and really, no one would think it was anything special. But as the memoir continues, he talks about how his family and friends truly turned his tiny house into home. His parents created a traditional Cuban family consisting mostly of the kitchen and Cuban music and traditional cooking. What really builds a sense of warmth, community and happiness in this memoir is when he talks about how you don't have to be blood relatives to be considered family, everyone is welcomed into his home. But all are immigrants, hard-working immigrants who have created this tight-knit community. Everyone's arms are outstretched, so to speak. The great act of gratitude contributes to the emotions shown in the memoir. The last few paragraphs state how Rodriguez's parents came to @LOCATION1 selflessly to provide their children with a better life than they had before, even if it meant battling their own personal difficulties. The author talks about how he admired his parents and thanked them for what they did for him, and how their teachings about family, traditions and welcoming anyone really turned their simple house into a home.
The emotions in "Narciso Rodriguez" are loving, caring, warm and seductive. This loving atmosphere is created by the family really loving each other. The family also loves their Cuban culture. The mood is also caring and friendly. Families from different countries take care of each other. I found all of them warm and inviting. Everyone feels that they can trust each other and have dinner with each other. The Rodriguez family really brought their culture to their new home, which Narciso mentions in the last paragraph, is where he found the definition of family while living in this community. The author creates this sentiment very clearly in this memoir.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is calm and loving. Narciso truly believes that home is defined by relationships and love, not furniture and expenses. His home sounds really good because from the way it is described in the memoir, you can see that his family were very loving and selfless people. His parents accepted strangers and allowed them to stay at home, which really showed that they were very caring people.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, a different mood is created. One sentiment is @CAPS2. This memoir includes @CAPS2 because it reminds him of where he grew up and how comforting and loving his parents were. "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood where I learned so much about how to love." @CAPS1 The mood is love. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." It shows how much he loves his parents and his family. The last feeling is, grateful. Although they are poor and live in a @NUM1 room apartment, they are very grateful for it. "Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes. It shows how grateful they are ." In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez by Narciso Rodriguez, includes some different emotions, @CAPS2, love and gratitude for what you have, not what you don't have.
The author's mood is very grateful and happy. The author's parents were of Cuban origin and arrived in the United States in 1956. The author moved into a modest three-bedroom apartment. Both the author's parents have a wealth of cooking skills and love for cooking. The author has inherited his/her skills from his parents. They live in a hardworking immigrant community from @LOCATION2, Cuba and @LOCATION3. The author's parents are very amiable. They invited immigrants to their homes for dinner to celebrate the arrival of America. The author learns the true definition of "family" in his/her new home and community. The author thanks his/her parents for their love and sacrifice.
The sentiment of this passage is very warm and personal. In this passage, Narciso reflects very much on how his parents were so selfless and gave up life in Cuba in order to give Narciso a better life. Narciso went on to say how selfless his parents were, how they accepted people and made life better for others, not just themselves. Narciso's parents are very caring and meaningful to him. He continues that sentiment by talking about what a real family is. It's not just people you are related to by blood, it's people you care about and love.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that life in memoirs is difficult because the family has nothing. Quite the contrary, our community consisted mainly of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants, and there was widespread opposition at the time. In their neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures mingle with great solidarity and friendship. All of this is hard for an author's memoir
In the memoir, the author expresses a certain emotion. The atmosphere he created was loving and full of energy. He builds love in the @NUM1 segment where he talks about memories of his home, always filled with comforting food aromas and passionate Cuban music. Here, he also talks about how the memory of his home has a congregation of family and friends as the backdrop for their warm home. Another example of the emotion of love is in the @NUM2 paragraph where he talks about being surrounded by loved ones when he eats. He also builds life sentiment in the @NUM2 segment as he talks about how his house has always been a sanctuary for members of his extended family who live with them until they get back on their feet. It gives the mood a sense of life due to all the people who live there. In short, this is the mood that writer Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoirs.
Narciso Rodriguez creates many emotions in his memoirs. In his memoir, Narciso said: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family, because they knew they would do the same for us." From this sentence I feel The mood is love and kindness. He also said: "But really, I can't express the generosity that has impressed me at such a young age and proved the importance of family and friends." This changed the greatness and selflessness of parents Emotions. I think the last sentence that really changed the mood was "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." The author's mood when he said this is how grateful I think. These are examples of how @PERSON1 changed the mood of his memoir.
The atmosphere of the memoir is good. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "I am forever grateful for this" in parentheses. Also in the same paragraph in parentheses, it says "I like it to this day" about Cuban music. Finally in the final sentence of the memoir: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
The mood created by the author is in the memoir. The mood of the memoir is that he will always be grateful to his parents, love them, and sacrifice. The memoir tells his parents of his admiration for strength and perseverance, and thanked them again and again. He said he will never forget the parents who turned this simple house into a home. That is, the mood of the author in the memoir.
The emotions created in the memoir are what I consider comfort and happiness. First paragraph @NUM1 "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, the endless celebration." These are all happy childhoods, family, friends and gatherings, no wonder I find memoirs happy. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they'll do the same for us." This puts a smile on my face, people Giving to others when it's not necessary, I hope it brings you a smile. Last paragraph @NUM3 "The air is not only full of sending and music, but life and love." When I read this, I didn't think there was anything bad, just a family singing and laughing by the warm and cozy fireplace . It brings me comfort. That's why I find memoirs comforting and joyful,
The atmosphere of the memoir is gracious. Rodriguez is grateful for many of the things listed in this memoir. In the @NUM1 segment, @CAPS2 said @CAPS2 thanked him for inheriting the Cuban culinary gift. In @CAPS1 @NUM2 by saying "My parents came to this country with such courage and no knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly like many immigrants to provide a better life for their children ." @CAPS2 thanked his parents for moving to @LOCATION1. In the @NUM3 paragraph, @CAPS2 expressed his gratitude for the love of my parents in the quote "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." Rodriguez is also grateful for the love and happiness of this family. @CAPS2 proves this in the quoted @NUM4 paragraph, "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, the Cuban feast is always in the air, not just smell, music and love. It's here I learned to define family". @CAPS2 goes on to say, "I will never forget this house or its elegant community or the many things I've learned about how to love". In this memoir, Rodriguez is full of intimacy with his family, home and life.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is that she is very grateful for what her parents have done for her and shown her. She is very happy with everything she has, and she admires the love and sacrifice of her parents. In this memoir, she talks about how her parents came to the United States in 1956 and then had a one-bedroom apartment with her and her sister. They can finally afford to move into a three-bedroom apartment. She finally calls it home (as she says in the article). She is very grateful to his family and important friends. She said they showed her life and those teachings have been the foundation of her life. This is the author's mood in his memoirs.
Home: Blueprint for Our Lives is a wonderful memoir about what "home" really means. It has a loving and caring mood that shows it. Love is the author and Narciso Rodriguez loves his home the most. He talks about how he grew up and how his parents brought in and helped those in need. Keep talking about how his parents cared about him to come to @LOCATION1 to receive and receive a good education and a better life for him. It takes a brave person to do it, someone who loves, cares and wants the best for others. Because the mood of the family is love and care.
The mood of the memoir the author is trying to create is happiness. Love cooking, as the story goes. The other thing is the passionate Cuban music playing. That's the reason for being in a good mood. Joy is the mood of the story because of what his parents did to get shelter and food. He is also delighted with how his parents turned a simple house into a great one for everyone. Narciso is also happy with the love and sacrifice his parents endured in turning the house into a home
During this passage, my mood is like relaxation and gratitude to his parents. His tone was not angry, not happy, but reassuring. Clearly Narciso loves his family and loves @LOCATION1. It can be seen from the tone of the narrator. As he said, coming to @CAPS1 was a huge change because you left behind so many friends, family and cultural presence. Narciso's family are his relatives, but also culture. As you can see, the narrator's tone really makes the story interesting.
In this memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, by @CAPS2 Narciso Rodriguez, the mood of the story truly speaks to the way readers read it. When Narciso lived in this tiny house, it became his whole life. His life revolves around his family. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) @CAPS2 This simple house changed his life. As @CAPS3 grows up, many of his blood ties are not near where they live, but his neighbors are like his family. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) @CAPS3 considers the people close to him to be his family. His family's unique everyday traditions have really become part of his life. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air and mixes with the aroma of the kitchen." (@CAPS1 @NUM3) Little things like music or the smell of the kitchen have made an unforgettable impact on his life . In conclusion, the emotions created in this memoir are @CAPS2 these traditions of his family
The emotions created by the author in the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints from Home, where @PERSON2 talks about his gratitude to his parents are great. @PERSON2 mentioned that he grew up in a tight-knit community. @PERSON2 also talked about the sacrifices his parents had to make for him. In the @NUM1 paragraph @PERSON2 said "Both my parents have to accept that they may not get the jobs they deserve." @PERSON2 mentions that his parents have good jobs in Cuba and how they made sacrifices. Paragraph @NUM2 summarizes the mood of the entire memoir. Paragraph @NUM2 begins with "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." This quote proves that the emotions of the memoir are great and @PERSON2 is grateful for everything his parents have done for him.
First he was frustrated with the house. Now he was happy with the house they were going to get. His parents selflessly protested against their children.
In her memoir, Narciso Rodriguez gives her own definition of "family". In @NUM1, @PERSON1, she loves Cuban cooking and music. In the third paragraph, she said that her neighbors were all family and were close. In the fourth paragraph it says that her parents will let everyone come over (anuts, cosins, landowners, etc.). She also said her parents would keep people (family) with them until they were able to get back on their feet. Narciso's parents seem to be good parents, and she had a nice neighbor when she was young.
The author is in a very good mood. I know this because @CAPS1 keeps repeating, "I appreciate everything my parents did." @CAPS1 is also friendly. In the @NUM1 @CAPS1 sais segment, "It was here that I learned the true definition of 'family.'" It went on to say "I will never forget this house or the gracious community."
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is a very happy, calm, kind mood. It's a happy mood because the writer only talks about the good things that happened to him and his family. It's a very peaceful mood because nothing very exciting or very sad happened, everything in the memoir is very peaceful. The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez is also a very kind one, because his parents are very kind. In the @NUM1 paragraph, "My parents were always open to the many people we considered family, knowing they would do the same for us. This shows that Narciso Rodriguez's parents were very kind people . Narciso Rodriguez created a very memoir in the happy, calm, kind mood.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our life, he shows how brave his parents were to come to @LOCATION1 in search of a better life. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." This shows that even though he @MONTH1 is not very rich, he is grateful that his parents bravely came to @LOCATION1 and worked hard to give their children a better life. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." It shows that he doesn't care what his house looks like, but he does care how much care and effort his parents put in to get to them s position.
Mood was created by the author in his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez". The mood he created was one of joy and pride. The author is happy to have a wonderful family and is proud of what his family has accomplished and proud of his home. Also, he grew up in an environment that told him that "family has nothing to do with blood. He was happy because he saw the whole community as one family. He was very proud of his mother, for example he said "they came selflessly like immigrants Here, to give their children a better life. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." "That's what I'm in the mood to think the author made in his memoir.
The author's mood is grateful and proud. He's grateful that his parents cared so much about him, and that he discovered what "family" really means. He is also proud of how his parents got through it all.
Throughout the memoir, there is a feeling of great gratitude and joy. Narciso grew up in @LOCATION1 and knows why his parents left Cuba despite their love of culture and weather. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants did, to give their children a better life." This quote shows Narciso's understanding of how much his parents gave up for him. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." It shows how happy and grateful he has been in his life for having the opportunity to grow up at @LOCATION1. "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance." Narciso's parents gave up so much to give him a better life, and he showed that he will always be grateful for what they did.
The author creates a mood of reflection, joy, and gratitude in his memoir. First of all, the author says in his memoir: "I was born in this simple house...to this day I love...childhood...first friend." All these phrases show Narciso's interest in his childhood , reflections on his first friend and first house. Narciso reflects on his past, as all memoirs should. Secondly, the author uses words such as "great feeling...worship...thankful" to express the appreciation and happiness of childhood. As far as I know, the memoir does not contain any serious, dark, sad parts of his life. Finally, the author expresses his gratitude to his family for the rich cooking skills passed down by his family and his parents for their love and sacrifice. This fills the entire memoir with a sense of memoir appreciation, especially towards the end, when he expresses his gratitude to his parents for their selflessness. All in all, the mood of this memoir is one of appreciation, happiness, and reflection.
The author's mood is calm, but at the same time a little depressed. The narrator's voice to me is that he or she is in a bad mood. But sometimes it's not a bad mood, but a calm mood.
The atmosphere of the memoir is warm and happy. The author tells how poor parents had just moved to the United States from Cuba. Then he said he lived a good life, even though his family didn't have a lot of money. The important thing is that they have family and friends around every day. Narciso talks about how his parents gave him the love and skills to cook and how he still has that love and love for Cuban music. The memoir is basically about how Narciso's parents were people who realized the bigger things in life. It's not just fame and wealth. It's about love and family and spending time together.
In the memoir, author Narciso Rodriguez sets a good mood. One of the things he does is compare the United States and Cuba. He also made the children's parents look like very friendly people, creating a friendly atmosphere. Another thing he does is we show how grateful the kids are for the sacrifices his parents made for him. Overall, I think Narciso turned the story into a very enjoyable one.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is happiness because in the second paragraph he talks about how his parents built a very traditional Cuban family simple home with the kitchen at its heart. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." His parents also sacrificed a lot to get to where they are now. That's why the mood of the memoir is blissful. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
According to the memoir, the emotions the author creates are warm and grateful. First of all, warm because in the fourth paragraph @NUM1 and five lines @NUM2 to @NUM3 it states "My parents always held their arms and their doors were open to many who we consider family..." @CAPS1 Finally, the author creates @CAPS2 gratitude in line 6 @NUM4 paragraph, where the author says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them what I have done that I cannot do Brave things. I often tell them of my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. But, in truth, I have no way of expressing how grateful I am." In short, the mood of the memoir's author is warm and grateful .
The author created a really good mood in the story. In their family, it is a happy and happy mood. I think the author has a good relationship with his family. I think it's because he talks a lot about listening to Cuban music and having dinner with his family. He is also very grateful to his parents for leaving Cuba for the United States so he can have a better life. In paragraph @NUM1 he said "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents".
The mood created by the author is a warm and meaningful advice. They made the house there feel Cuban. They have warm Cuban music playing, and the aroma of the kitchen. Anyone who needs to be somewhere, stay there. His parents moved here and left everything behind, friends, family and work. His parents told him that family and friends are the most important things in your life. He said he learned the true meaning of family in his house and he said I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
In @PERSON1 edwards' art Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates emotions in different ways of being happy and sad, as he went from nothing to living in a wonderful family and a wonderful family, what was his first birthday like, he His birthday is what parents did make him live a happy life in America.
The atmosphere of the memoir is heartwarming. The way Narciso Rodriguez writes his memoirs is to look back on his life as half full, not half empty. Instead of pointing out or remembering the bad things about his childhood, he wrote about the good parts of his childhood. For example, he gave him a chance despite his parents struggling. His parents made their home a happy place despite the times of racism and segregation they were going through. Also because of the positive attitude of his parents, which makes him a positive person. Another reason for the warm heart is now that Narciso's parents have demonstrated the importance of family and friends with their lives and teachings. Narciso's parents paid so much for him to make Narciso Rodriguez who he is today, which makes this memoir really heartwarming.
The mood setting is a happy mood. As Narciso Rodriguez looks back on his life at @LOCATION1. He described all his wonderful experiences and the house he once lived in. He is also grateful because his parents gave up almost everything to provide him with a better life. He said: “I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. He is so grateful and happy that his parents loved him so much in exchange for their life so he can live at @location 1
If I were to describe the emotions the author created in his memoir, I would say it's positive and grateful. I say yes, because he looked at his childhood with such respect and pride; as he describes his community: "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together with great solidarity and Friendships come together." From this sentence, you can tell that the author has the highest respect for his community as family. I describe it as gratitude because from this excerpt you can be sure that the author was educated in family morals and grew up in a culturally rich Cuban home. That sentiment can be seen in his story of how his parents turned the house they lived in into a home. The author learned about the importance of his Cuban ancestry, and the sacrifices his parents made to come to @LOCATION1, and in any case, thank them for their selflessness.
The mood @CAPS1 created in the memoir is joy, gratitude and love. @CAPS1 shares her background life with us. She told us how she felt about her passionate Cuban music, as well as her parents' superb culinary skills. "The love of cooking is still with me." "Passionate Cuban music (I love it to this day." It shows that this time @CAPS1 appreciates her cooking and music. @CAPS1 shows how much she appreciates what her parents did "I thank them time and time again. But the truth is, I can't express how grateful I am for this generous spirit that has impressed me since I was a child." Such a warm feeling when @CAPS1 expresses her love for them .Parents, music and cooking skills. @CAPS1 created a lot of emotions in the memoir, but I think she's mostly thankful for her family and legacy.
Within its walls, my young parents were in the immigration district of Newark, NJ. Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, the centerpiece of which is the kitchen. Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. The mood of the story is happiness. The reason I say this story is happy is because she's so happy she's grown up. "Growing up in such an environment instilled a great feeling in me," the article reads. Narciso Rodriguez is happy that she grew up in the community where she lives. Her neighbors/friends are immigrants from Spain, Cuba and Italy. In conclusion, this is the mood of the memoir of the author of the article/story.
The mood created by the author is a kind of proud mood. He is proud of his culture, his way of life, and how his parents cared for others. His parents were always there to open arms and doors and get people back on their feet
The author is grateful. His parents moved to America for him. So he can get a good education. He can't thank his parents for moving. He told them how courageous they were and thanked them very much for leaving their jobs. He also talked about home. How home is a place where you learn to love and admire your relatives. Your blood relationship doesn't matter. Either way, he will love you.
In his memoir, the author describes the family environment in which he grew up. As a child, his home exuded a very happy and loving mood. One is created again in this memoir. When describing his cooking and music habits at home as a child, I can feel the happiness that was in that moment. Also, I can feel the love between him and his growing family that surrounds his dining table @TIME1. So, for me, this memoir gives a good mood. A man full of happiness, love and loyalty. Also with unity and friendship as well.
The emotions created in Narciso Rodriguez's passage are loving and grateful. Narciso created an image of a very happy childhood while comparing her joy to her parents' hard work and all the things they sacrificed for her. @CAPS1 often describes the intimacy between her neighbors and her family. "In our community...all of these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. It's a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants. Their families are made up of a variety of people, not necessarily There's blood, but there's always a helping hand in the community when things get tough. "My parents were always open and open to the many people we consider family. The warmth of her childhood is reflected in this line, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop of our warm homes." Narciso cites many examples of her happiness, but @CAPS1 always mentions her parents' hard work. @CAPS1 is grateful to her parents for giving her the opportunity to experience a better life. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice …” I will never forget that house or its elegant community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. @CAPS1 is so grateful to her parents for their efforts to help her, and for such an inclusive community The mood of this post is one of love and gratitude.
in the memoirs. "Home The Blueprints of Our Lives" by Narciso Rodriguez creates a certain mood. I believe Rodriguez created a "grateful" mood in his memoir. In the memoir, Narciso talks about how his parents lived a successful life in Cuba, but came to @LOCATION1 so Narciso could have a better life. Narciso even said, "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for the children there..." @CAPS1 is grateful to his parents for sacrificing everything for him. "...even though it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they loved," Rodriguez said, adding that he was grateful to his parents for turning "this simple house into a home." His parents made his house feel warm and cozy. @CAPS1 learned the true definition of a family living in this simple house. Finally, @CAPS1 says @CAPS1 will never be able to thank his parents for everything they did for him
The artistic conception created by the author in the memoir is "love", "I will always thank my parents for their love and dedication". This is reflected in ph @NUM1.Care, "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet". This is shown in ph @NUM2.faith, "My parents always opened their doors to many who we consider family because they know they will do the same for us" This is shown in ph @NUM3, which is given by The author of the memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is joy and good thoughts. Narciso tells us about growing up. She made us feel like she was really close to her family. She expressed to us her pride in being Cuban in many ways. Narciso told us she loves cooking, and so do her parents. She also likes listening to Cuban music. Narciso lives in a traditional Cuban family. Her home was more than a simple home, her parents made it into something more meaningful and special.
The sentiment I get from this post is that although Narciso Rodriguez grew up in a rasicm era where his parents did everything for him and he is grateful, some examples in the @NUM1 paragraph show that "my parents were Unwittingly sharing culinary duties passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still love to this day (and I'm great at heart) and then there's also a line in the passage that says "passionate Cuban music (I Loved it to this day)..." @CAPS1 are just some examples in this memoir called - "@PERSON1"
In memoir @PERSON1, the author creates an emotion that motivates us to do our best, and that emotion is persistence. Emotional perseverance is expressed in a number of ways in the memoir. One pressure is for @ORGANIZATION1 and @PERSON1 to move to the US and live in a one bedroom apartment. They finally saved enough money to move into a @NUM1 bedroom apartment. In this community, the family raises as much money as possible to buy food for themselves and help those in need of water, shelter and clothing. The reason they left Cuba was to start a better life in America, until the day they finally had enough money to live here.
In the memory "Narciso Rodriguez", the mood that the author creates in the memory is very kind. First, he grew up with loving parents. For example, it said in memory that his parents would be good cooks and passed it on to him. @CAPS2 They will have time to teach him and learn. Second, he loves his parents very much. For example, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 He doesn't love them, he doesn't say those words. In the end, he loves his home and is happy with it. For example, in memory it says "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". @CAPS2 Everyone he lives with and all his beloved family, his home is amazing. That's why, in this memory, the author takes love and kindness as an emotion towards the piece.
The mood the author creates is a positive one as he only speaks well of his family and talks about his gratitude for their move to America
Author @PERSON1 creates an atmosphere in the memoir. The emotions he creates are absolutely loving and warm. For example, I would say that the mood of this memoir is loving and warm, because the memoir keeps mentioning how thoughtful, friendly and warm his family was. Besides, he keeps saying that he understands what family is all about, he understands what family really means. So, for me, the emotions in this memoir are loving and warm. Author @PERSON1 creates an atmosphere in the memoir.
I think there is a warm sentiment in the memoir. I guess so because in the memoir the author talks about how grateful he is to his parents for moving to @LOCATION1 despite the hardships they faced. Furthermore, this memoir has a warm mood as the author recalls his past with fondness for his parents and neighbors. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ... it forms the living background of our warm home." In his memoirs, the author often talks about growing up with him. How kind people are and how wonderful his childhood was. That's why I think the mood in this memoir is warm.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, emotions are expressed in a variety of different ways. In the @NUM1 segment, when she talks about her love of cooking, she's calm, with a hint of spice. Since she's Cuban, I like to think that cooking is spicy. In the @NUM2 segment, she said, "My parents always open their arms and doors to many who we consider family..." It's a happy, loving mood. Being able to say that means you have some pretty amazing neighbors. In the @NUM3 paragraph, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This is the most important emotion in this memoir as she thanks her parents for the life they had for her. It's a very respectful thing. Everyone does it, but have you ever written a memoir?
In the memoir, @PERSON1, from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, there's a very sense of unity. The @PERSON1 family are happy to come to @LOCATION1 and be free, no longer in Cuba. It's a very welcoming setting with friends and family always coming to their table. They are a very loving family. They always open their arms and doors to other refugees until they get back on their feet. They are a happy, loving and caring @CAPS1 family.
The main emotion of the entire excerpt from Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives is one of gratitude. Throughout this excerpt, @ORGANIZATION1 tells and explains how his parents fought for their children in America. In his house, as the @NUM1 paragraph says, "My young parents created our traditional Cuban home" @CAPS1 loves everything about that home. And his family. Not blood relatives, just relatives. As stated in paragraph @NUM2, his family was made up of an entire community "when blatant racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in @LOCATION1." @CAPS1 is most grateful to his parents. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it describes "they, like many immigrants, came selflessly to give their children a better life...they are struggling both personally and financially...my parents Having to accept that they might not be able to get the kind of job they deserve" His parents gave up everything for his life now, and Narciso will always be great.
The mood of the memoir is one of joy and grace, as they live in a good neighborhood in America, and they are surrounded by family members who dine with them.
The author of this memoir has created a very uplifting mood. The way Narciso describes her home, explains her parents' sacrifice, and her definition of "family" all add to the overall mood. Narciso's description of her home and community expresses her passion for it. She expresses her positive feelings about her childhood home with phrases such as "I'm forever grateful," "Hot Cuban music," and "I love it to this day." When the author ends the second paragraph with "Our Warm House", readers know she is satisfied with her childhood situation. The sacrifice and selfless deeds of Narciso's parents are purely uplifting. "My parents took Such courage to come to this country...they came to this country selflessly...and the children live a better life. "Their actions are moving, heroic, and add significantly to the mood of the memoir. The author's definition of "family" is also moving. "Family," she says, doesn't matter. As blood relatives." And her community "stands in solidarity." "The way. @CAPS1 This community is united and supportive - a place anyone wants to live. I believe the last sentence shows a good mood, "I will never fake and how my parents turned this humble house into a home." The author's parents' insistence, her description of the home, her sense of the family Definitions, all create an uplifting mood for this memoir.
This is a touching story of how this boy is so grateful to his family and parents. There is an emotion in the story. This boy's home is about family and relationships. He talked about his love of the kitchen and cooking, just like his mother and father. That is a happy mood. The kitchen is why he likes it. He talks about his Cuban culture and how he thanked his parents for being brave enough to come to @LOCATION1. The emotion in the story is mostly appreciation. He was very grateful.
The mood of this memoir is that @PERSON1 is happy to be with his family because he believes you should always love your family. Growing up in his environment instilled in him a strong sense that family had nothing to do with blood, but that his neighbors consisted mainly of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. Racism and segregation were rife in America at the time. Despite customs elsewhere, all cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. This is a tight-knit community of hardworking immigrants who reach out to those who are not necessarily their own, but who clearly need help. The mood of the story is that everyone can come together happily and happily.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, Narciso creates some emotions that are very relatable, but make you think. A mood is happiness. This read was a joy to read from the start as it showed how Narciso lived his life, he loved a part of his childhood @NUM1 said: “My parents both shared cooking duties and reluctantly Their rich cooking skills and love of good food passed on to me. I still cook today. Passionate Cuban music fills the aroma of the kitchen. These sentences show that he loves the environment he lives in and the things in his house, It made him happy. Narciso also created a mysterious mood. This mood reminds you of your home and what the word "family" really means. Narciso's family is a great, large, full of Caring groups - many of whom aren't even blood related. @NUM2 Duan said: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us . It shows that their consideration of family is huge and inspiring. The main emotion of this memoir of Narciso is gratitude. Narciso is grateful for many things, especially being able to live his life like he did .He is mainly grateful to his parents, as @NUM3 paragraph said "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice. " Narciso's main emotion is gratitude because he is grateful for everyone and everything that made his life good and made him what he is now.
This memoir by Narciso Rodriguez has a warm, down-to-earth feel. Narciso expressed his love for all that was given to him. I can say he has a huge heart and it all starts at home. In the second paragraph, he talks about his family life. Everything in his house gave me a warm and sunny feeling. He sets the mood by talking about his amazing parents, who are great. They incorporate their own culture into everything. Food makes everyone feel a vague feeling inside. Home: Our Blueprint for Life showcases the warm welcome that Narciso felt when he thought of his family.
The sentiment the author created for the memoir is "about because his parents moved to @LOCATION1 and he was living a life he never had before, his parents would bring people to help them get back on their feet knowing they would be there for them Do the same thing.
The mood in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is one of admiration, satisfaction, and courage. Narciso admires his parents who sacrificed their established lives to make a better life for Narciso. His parents came to @LOCATION2 with care and selflessness, struggling both personally and financially. He is satisfied with his life. Through family values and determination, he was able to succeed. Courage because his family was able to make his life better here, even though they were better off in Cuba. It was tough, but they were determined to do it for Narciso. The overall mood is admirable. Admiration is the mood of renowned fashion designer Narciso Rodriguez from Newark, NJ.
The author creates a warm, happy mood in his memoirs. He recounts fond memories of his childhood in a way that gives readers a warm, happy feeling. For example, despite the hardships his parents had to come to @LOCATION1 from Cuba, they created a warm family environment. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home," the memoir said. (¶@NUM1) This image creates a feeling of well-being in the reader. The memoir also says that families are not necessarily based on blood. The author's community is like a family. “All these cultures come together to form great solidarity and friendship. It’s a tight-knit community.” (¶ @NUM2). In addition, the author explains that "my parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." (¶ @NUM3) @CAPS1, the author talks about "the warmth of the kitchen", (¶ @NUM4) in the air Always be full of love. All of these passages give the reader a mental picture of a happy and warm family gathering, instilling these feelings. This is important because it shows that the author fondly remembers his childhood. Although his parents had a difficult life, they filled his life with joy and warmth, showing that one can turn a difficult experience into a positive situation.
Based on the memoir, the author created a mood to use in the memoir. The author creates a happy mood. According to the memoir, the author was very satisfied with his life. He's glad he got all the Cuban culture. He is also happy with all the "family" he has. So from his mood in his memoirs, Arthur is very happy and satisfied with the way he was raised. This is how the author's mood is described in the memoir.
In each paragraph of his memoir, he explains what life was like and how he loved it so much. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he uses parentheses to indicate or talk about how much he likes different kinds of things. He expresses in his work all the warm feeling he had as a child. In the third and fourth paragraphs he also talks about how much he enjoys being with other cultures and how nice his parents were.
The mood the author created in his memoir is [love]...I think it's true because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says: "I thank my parents for their love and sacrifice. Another reason is in the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking to me to this day (and I am forever grateful). The last reason is that in the @NUM3 paragraph it says "Here I learned the true definition of "family" and for this I will never forget that house or its gracious community or a lot I learned there about how to go love thing
I'm sure the mood in this memoir is happy because Atol is talking about his first friend (landlord Daggett) about the delicious food and music in his house. How grateful he was to his parents for his move to America, all the celebrations they had for people, everyone in the community was a friend, and he loved his family so much. What's so unhappy about that?
The mood the author creates in this memoir is warm. @CAPS1 explains the positives about his home and where @CAPS1 grew up. @CAPS1 also explained the positive aspects of his family and culture, of which @CAPS1 is very proud. @CAPS1 said "Growing up in an environment like this made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS1 is basically saying that @CAPS1 realizes that everyone around him is coming together and that all Being connected to their culture in some way makes them both feel like family. @CAPS1 also explained how much @CAPS1 appreciates his parents for doing so much to give their children a better life. They do struggle at times, but the author is still happy that his childhood went well and had all these good people there. All the people who have been in and out of his house over the years have made him realize that "family" is all around everyone you love and connect with, which makes the house home.
The atmosphere created by the hustle and bustle of Cubans. Every family has a turdison that is passed on to the children there. Every father will tell or give something. It can be a knife or a gold coin. They can tell the family that food is needed. My family I @CAPS1 don't know if they're gone tell me or give me something.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the general mood is happiness. "The gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm home." This quote explains how much he loved his childhood home. The final line of the memoir, "I'll never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home.", truly shows how grateful he is to his parents for their hard work in the home they built for him. The author of this memoir seems happy to look back on his childhood amid the difficulties of his family and personal life.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", many emotions are created such as optimism, joy and excitement. The first mood the memoir shows is optimism. "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." It's a very upbeat and welcoming tune to listen to rather than talk or silence in the kitchen. The second emotion expressed in this memoir is happiness. "All these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. It's a happy thought and a time when different cultures can come together and build friendships." The final emotion depicted in the memoir is excitement. Here, the innocence of childhood, the reunion of relatives and friends, and the endless celebration. "It tells us that it's a very exciting time to celebrate, to have family and friends together. In short, family and friends can make all the difference in a person's life, just like Narciso Rodriguez.
In his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" he expressed his gratitude to his family. He described why he was so grateful to have a community that came together. Narciso Rodriguez includes a happy mood. He points out all the positives in his life. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This quote shows how lucky he is to do everything in his power to prove how lucky he is. Narciso sees his entire town as one family. They were united and he knew he was always welcome in their arms.
In the memoir, the author creates a loving, caring and friendly mood. He created this mood by describing the atmosphere of his home. “Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm home. The setting of their warm, welcoming home greatly contributes to the memoirs atmosphere of. The author's gratitude to the parents for their selflessness and courage also contributes. "I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home." His greatness created a feeling of gratitude through paragraphs 6 and 7, "It was here that I learned the meaning of 'family' true definition". This phrase helps bring out the love in the mood. The warm, loving mood of the memoir really helps the author express his point in a meaningful way.
Mood and Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is love and respect. Narciso loved his family very much, and he learned that the family included more than blood relatives. Narciso's family includes friends he made nearby. Much of Narciso's love goes to his parents. He loves them selflessly coming to @LOCATION1 just to give him a better life. Although their jobs are not the best, they are encouraged by the good life they provide for their son. He loves them because they sacrificed their Cuban home, family and friends for him. Most importantly, he loves them because they taught him two very important things - the spirit of generosity, and the importance of family and friends. His parents also taught him courage by coming to @LOCATION1 unafraid. He constantly thanked his parents and told him that he would not be so brave. All of Narciso's undying love and gratitude piled up, showing how much Narciso respected his parents.
The mood described by the author is warm and happy. In his memoir, author @ORGANIZATION1 talks about the importance of his family, which is always comforting. He shared that he was "born in a two-family golden brick building" in the Ironbound district of Newark, NJ, but it didn't matter where he lived, but who he lived with. Your mood is mixed when you read this memoir as he describes the life of his parents, his life and the way his home was. When he says "the innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop for our warm home life," he's talking about how close they are, which is the most Importantly, when you read how he felt about his life, his parents, and everyone around him, you felt his comfort, happiness, joy, and empathy for him.
The mood for this memoir is grateful. Narciso Rodriguez's parents both moved to @LOCATION2 from Cuba to give their kids a better life. Narciso's parents lived in a single room until they moved to New Jersey and Narciso grew up. In that house, the family created a beautiful Cuban community. The heart of the house is the kitchen. They have been playing Cuban music there. Part of New Jersey, where the Rodriguez family lived, was full of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. The community is like one big family, and "the various cultures come together in great unity and friendship." All of these cultures come together to really show Narciso what "family" really means. If her parents hadn't been selfless, she would never have known what that was and wouldn't have had these opportunities. They came here and had to start their lives all over again. As Narciso puts it: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", @CAPS1 created an atmosphere in this memoir. "Growing up in an environment like this made me feel like 'family' has nothing to do with blood." That is to say, those who are not related by blood, he still thinks of them as family. He also said, "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This means Evan is not a pretty house, but it's still his home and he loves it . The emotion of this memoir is love, and he will never forget it. That's the mood in this memoir.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. He feels @CAPS1 and curious that my parents came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of language or culture. They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children, even though it meant keeping their families, friends and careers in the country they loved, struggling both personally and financially , braving harsh northern winters and facing cultural difficulties in their home tropics while yearning.
The emotions in "Narciso Rodriguez" are so subtle that it can be impossible to pin down. I say this because @CAPS1 I didn't think of anything when I read this. This article gives people a very comfortable mood. As he said in his memoir: "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." (@CAPS2 @NUM1 in the opening paragraph) This sentence creates a A vibe where a small part of your audience in your head will say "@CAPS3 I've never thought of it this way before." This memoir won't be as outspoken as happy or sad, it will make you think. There was never a really sad moment in the whole thing. At the end of the @NUM2 paragraph he said, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This sentence is another example of giving a very uncertain emotion, I say it is uncertain because you cannot express your feelings in words. So all in all, the sentiment of this article is uncertain.
The mood created by the author is respectful. The mood is respectful as they are from Cuba and went to @LOCATION1. As @CAPS1 put it: "My mother and father came to this country with such courage without any knowledge of language or culture". Another reason to feel respectful is that parents go to this country for their children. As @CAPS1 put it: "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life." This shows that they are moved for their children and not for themselves.
I think the overall mood of the memoir is one of gratitude. Finally, he said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." And he rarely talks about bad things. He just talked about it briefly. For the rest of the memoir, he keeps explaining how good his life was and how he always had family around him.
In the article, the author tries to show how good his past is. The mood of the article is happy memories and the taste and memories of his mom cooking. As a child, the author's recollections are happy, the family environment is mainly the atmosphere of the whole story is good. Throughout the article, his memories of his childhood family are happy and fond.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a mood of gratitude for cooking skills and parental love. One way the author is grateful is for his cooking skills. The author thanks his mom and dad for their cooking skills. For example. "Both my parents shared cooking responsibilities and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still love to this day (for which I am forever grateful)." @CAPS1 The way the author is grateful is the love of parents. The author thanks his parents. For example. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author loves his parents for his love and sacrifice. In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" the author creates the greatness of his cooking skills and the love of his parents.
There is a very positive vibe throughout this memoir. The author explains a feeling of solidarity and friendship. This quote makes it clear, "...all these cultures are united in friendship." The authors say that despite living in an age of racism, all the different cultures and their communities live in peace. Paragraph @NUM1 has a caring feel to it. love for others. The author explains how his mother and father left Cuba for a better life for future generations. "They came here selflessly ... to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers in Cuba in the country they love," perfectly expresses that feeling. The final part of the memoir is very grateful to the author's parents. He said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. "@CAPS1, in the last line of the memoir, the author describes the true mood of his family growing up, the memoir reads: "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home. "The author says that his house was and is only a living space, it is full of love, care and wonderful relationships. There is a feeling of love throughout this memoir.
In "Narciso Rodriguez" in his memoir "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives," the mood is grateful. Mood refers to the overall atmosphere of the author's discourse. I think that's happiness because no matter what happens, Rodriguez is always grateful. She doesn't care if she lives in a simple house with a group of people, she's glad she has a home. In the @NUM1 segment, she said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." I will look up to her because she is so grateful and happy for what she has. And, her last words, "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." These are perfect examples of mood, satisfaction, and some joy.
The emotions the author creates are built around many things. First of all, it's a lighthearted, warm, happy mood, and the author describes how he grew up in a simple and loving neighborhood. “Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that include both, form the living backdrop of our warm home.” It remains a friendly, happy mood. However, as the author describes "they (his parents) came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and In the country they love. They struggle both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters while yearning for their home tropics and facing cultural hardships.” @CAPS1 He sets a mood that fluctuates throughout the memoir and changing mood. It goes from warm and fuzzy to grateful and back again.
The atmosphere created in the memoir is one of love and care as this Cuban family used to live in the @NUM1 apartment building and now lives in the @NUM2 bedroom apartment. Now they're inviting people to treat people and families with love and care that affects kids and they're doing it a good thing and the community is good.
The author creates the mood that your family is always by your side, a line in the story is "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home The mood may also be that there are always better things in life Opportunities. What I mean Narciso Rodriguez's parents moved to @LOCATION1 to give their kids a better chance." It was here that I learned what "family" really means. "I learned a lot about how to love there."
I think the mood the author creates is a happy mood, a mood that makes you appreciate what you have. Always remember where you came from and always love your family. In some places in the memoir, the mood becomes more about @CAPS1, such as in the "@NUM1 paragraph" where he recounts how his community is made up of many ethnicities, including Spanish, Cuban, and Italian, he recounts how they came to be united and fraternal. He also said his family always helps each other. In conclusion, I believe the main sentiment of this memoir is @CAPS1, whether it's coming together as a family or as a person.
In this memoir, the author creates a mood of pride and joy. Author Narciso Rodriguez expresses his pride in his family and home through his memoir. He is very proud and grateful that his parents left their home to give him a better life. His parents also allowed other immigrants to live with them temporarily. In the @NUM1 segment, he said, "What they did was much braver than what I could have done." Narciso showed that he was happy to have grown up where he did. He has his parents, and all his neighbors, who he considers his family. While his apartment wasn't the best place to live, it was his home. He was happy there, always surrounded by people who loved and cared about him. In the @NUM2 segment, he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. Narciso expresses his pride and joy through his memoir.
The author's mood is @CAPS1, grateful because his parents left Cuba and they are very nice people. They let people live in the houses there. When they didn't have much money, they took any job they could get so they could take care of their son Narciso, they had a three-bedroom apartment, they had refugees celebrate their coming to this country, and they also had love and life house. They also didn't speak the language when they came to the country. So the mood of this story is proud of the author.
I think the mood of the memoir is comforting and joyful because it tells how a simple house becomes a home. This memoir shows how a family turned a random house into a home they loved and selflessly kept people with them until they got back on their feet. The memoirs also show that families are not tied to blood, but support each other in times of need. I think it shows great comfort and happiness knowing that a simple apartment can be a loving home full of family and love.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is great. For example, both his parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their vast culinary skills and love of cooking to him, which he still loves to this day (for that @CAPS2 always great. @ CAPS2 loves following the goals of his @CAPS1 parents, and @CAPS2 loves them. Plus, @CAPS2 is forever grateful for their parents' love and sacrifice. @CAPS2 often tells them how brave they are to let people into their homes. @CAPS2 love They are their strength and perseverance, @CAPS2 has thanked them many times. But there is no way in reality to express how grateful he is for this spirit of generosity and being weighed down on him at such a young age, how @CAPS2 Know the importance of family and friends.
The emotions that Narciso Rodriguez created in his memoir Narciso Rodriguez are great. Throughout the memoir, the emotions created are great. There are many quotes in the memoir that support the emotions created. The line is "I will always be grateful for my parents' love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 is so grateful to his parents for making him a better life at @LOCATION1 and raising him to be a good person.
This mood can be both happy and sad at the same time, as on the one hand he describes the happiness and solidarity between his family and the Spanish and Italian families around the area, but also the isolation in @LOCATION1.
The sentiment created by the author is a good @CAPS1 sentiment that describes his and his family's struggles, but very @CAPS1 @CAPS3 Friends and family there are very fond of @CAPS5 and even though they @CAPS4 are behind work @CAPS1 is there for a new life with a Cuban-inspired jersey
The mood of this memoir is happiness, love and warmth. Be grateful for what you have, not what you want to have. Narciso is so happy to have such a loving family. In Narciso's home, there is love and warmth. I think the author tried to make it seem like nothing matters as long as you have family. Overall, the emotion the author creates in the story is love.
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is good and happy. I feel good and happy because @ORGANIZATION2 showed @CAPS1 for his parents, grandparents and his house. Another reason I feel good and good is because this post talks about @ORGANIZATION2's hometown, culture, etc. It also talks about what he is grateful for, which is his parents, and his passion for Cuban music. All in all, that's what I think is a good and happy mood in Narciso Rodriguez's story.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs. Narciso's parents moved to the United States from Cuba to have better opportunities in life. When @PERSON1 came to America, he befriended a girl named Alegria.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are strong. The mood or feeling that the author accepts is expressed in the form of gratitude. The author admires his parents and is deeply moved by their teachings. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel 'family', which has nothing to do with blood relations." Narciso was grateful for his parents' love and open arms. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family. Knowing they would do the same for us." @CAPS1 Author's parents overcame many of the hurdles they faced moving to @LOCATION1 from Did not stop them from pursuing success. “The barriers to work are so big and high that both my parents have to accept that they may not be able to get the jobs they deserve.” Narciso is grateful that his parents built him a house. In this memoir, the emotions are grateful and grateful.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of family. When his parents came to Newark, N.J. from Cuba, he said, they had to start all over again, looking for a new beginning. They impart a wealth of culinary skills and a love of Cuban cuisine in the kitchen of a two-family, three-bedroom apartment. He said the community was a whole different race, but they all became one big family and lived through America's racist era in '@NUM1. He said he will always be grateful to his parents for their great love and sacrifice. He kept reminding them how grateful he was, and he couldn't believe how they did it. So the mood of this memoir is about family.
In this memoir, the emotions vary. In the third and fourth paragraphs, this is a "giving" emotion, for example in the fourth paragraph it is explained: "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, because they Knowing they'll do the same for us." This quote rightly shows that they're giving those in need what they need in difficult times. In the sixth and seventh paragraphs, the emotion is gratitude and joy for the sacrifices his parents made for him. for her future. In the first and second paragraphs, the emotions are happy and comfortable because she is happy with her home, her family, and the love she has received throughout her life. These are the various emotions in the memoir.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he talks about his family, related or not, providing happy and fond memories of his much-adored childhood. The overall feel of the memoir, or rather its mood, expresses both kindness and gratitude to the family as well as warmth and joy, depicting a lovely childhood in the reader's mind. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Rodriguez said, thanking his parents for letting him grow up at @LOCATION1. He knows that many immigrants risk everything to come to @LOCATION1 to raise their children and he is grateful for that. He also praised other culturally diverse families in his community, adding even more gratitude to the memoir. “It was a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reached out to those in need.” The mood of the memoir is joyful and warm, as Rodriguez describes his cozy home, full of Music, sweet smells and a relaxing feeling. "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm home." Rodriguez's mood and feelings are clearly expressed in his description and memory.
The mood is that @CAPS1 is happiness, for example at the end he said you can find happiness anywhere and he did. He found it in an abandoned house. @CAPS1 said he got everything his parents didn't. That means happiness.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of warmth. Narciso Rodriguez explains how thoughtful and selfless his family is. In the @NUM1 segment, Narciso revealed how comfortable his environment was, "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking, which I am to this day. Still so (for which I am eternally grateful)  … Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop of life in our warm home.” Narciso further explained how kind and brave his parents were, "My parents came to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a A better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and career in the country they love” (@NUM2 paragraph). Narciso tells us how grateful you are to his parents and how much he appreciates them. Finally, Narciso expressed his final thanks to his parents, "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." (@NUM3 paragraph) All in all, the author creates in this memoir Mood is a very welcoming, heartwarming and inspiring atmosphere.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, he is emotional throughout. I think, if it's that home, it's really where the heart is and where it blooms. The second paragraph states, " The congregation of family and friends . Country.” Rodriguez ends it all with something truly emotional, “I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home,” in paragraph 7.
In "Home; @CAPS1 in Our Lives" "Narciso Rodriguez" by @CAPS2 Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a warm, joyful mood. He does this in a number of ways, one of which is when he writes about how to overcome isolation. He said: "...Our community is mainly composed of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants...In our community,...all these cultures in great solidarity and friendship Blending together." In this way, he created a distinct feeling that @CAPS2 said that everyone in his community was a friend even when apartheid was dominant. Another way he mixes the story nicely is how he talks about his parents. Throughout the excerpt, he talks about his gratitude to his parents: mostly @CAPS3 how kind and loving they are. As he puts it, "they came selflessly...to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends, and careers in the country they love." @CAPS2 By giving up their own lives, they can make the lives of others better. As such, he is very grateful to his parents for their love and support for @CAPS3's inspiring story theme, Narciso Rodriguez has created a tone that is fluid, cheerful, warm and loving.
The atmosphere created by @CAPS1 shows that family and happiness are the best things and how a home can make you feel safe and happy, not just for space, but for safety, Narciso makes his home for him and his family great place. He has a place to call home.
The mood the author creates is that his culture is very passionate and his home is where he creates it. His parents were very generous and selfless, for which he is forever grateful.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir are gratitude and @CAPS1. I think the sentiment is @CAPS1 and grateful because there are parts of the story that make him look like @CAPS1 and throughout the story he just says thank you to his parents. That's what I think is the two emotions in the memoir. These are also my thoughts on memoirs.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a very optimistic joy. This is because he used his memoir to describe how happy and optimistic his house was as a child. He did this by saying "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". It expresses a good mood because the son is happy that the love and sacrifice of his parents has paved the way for his future. That's why the memoir has a cheerful mood.
The mood for this memoir is a happy one. The main character of this story is Narciso, he is kind of poor, his family lives in a bedroom apartment, he doesn't belong to me because he loves everyone around him especially his parents because they gave him everything, now Naxi Thor Rodriguez is a fashion designer from his hometown of Newark, NJ
The short story Narciso Rodriguez comes from the blueprint of our lives. The mood of the article is love and family, because in the story all he talks about is his parents and what they mean to him
In the memoir, the mood seems to be very happy and grateful. It seems to me that the writer is trying to express his great love and respect for his parents and how they taught him everything he knows, without them he would be nothing. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice, and I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I have ever done." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This tells me that the author's mood is joyful, About love, and how grateful he is to have them in his life, it also shows his love for what his parents taught him. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking that still exists today (for which I am forever grateful.) It also shows a good mood, Because he was explaining what his parents did for him.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, he includes many stories about his "family" and his parents. These stories, along with parentheses that express more of his views, create three main emotions in the memoir. The emotions created by @PERSON2 are joy, humor and kindness. Narciso expressed happiness as he talked about his friends in the community and family. At the dinner table, Narciso created a very happy mood when at least one of his extended family members joined him on a regular basis. When he and his family eat, they often laugh. Laughter and humor are another special mood in Narciso's memoirs. In parentheses, Narciso offers a personal touch on his experience. For example, when it comes to "rich cooking skills", the parentheses are "I am forever grateful for that." The extra information comes with a touch of humor and kindness. Kindness is the third emotion set by Narciso. Talking about his parents, his tone was kind, how generous and loving they were. He's also cordial when it comes to friendships in his community. Friendship is like, "reaching out to those who, although not necessarily their own kind, are clearly in need". In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, there is a tone of joy, humor and kindness. All three emotions are related in one way or another to what is most important to him - family.
The mood the author remembers is happy and grateful because he says his house in New Jersey brings back happy memories, such as his kitchen where his parents shared the responsibility of cooking, and unknowingly the kitchen is where he likes to cook The place. Or his neighbors are all Spanish Cubans and Italian immigrants, where the customs are vile and all these cultures are very united. Or his parents always open their arms and doors to the many people they consider family. Or he was grateful for the love and sacrifice of his parents, who he often told them that they did more bravely than he could. He will never forget how his parents turned this simple house into a home. .
In @PERSON1's Narciso Rodriguez, there is an atmosphere throughout the story. How did you feel at that time? In the @NUM1 segment, the mood is both happy and heartbreaking. "A two-family golden brick house in Ironbound." It shows how Narciso felt about her New Jersey home in 1961. In paragraph @NUM2, the mood is unforgettable and grateful. "What they did is a braver thing than me." It can be seen that Narciso's parents have always done brave things. In @PERSON1's Narciso Rodriguez, there is an atmosphere throughout the story. In conclusion, emotions can always help a story flow and work well.
The emotion of this memoir is the importance of family. @ORGANIZATION1 started by saying how much he loves his Cuban culture and heritage. For example, "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me a wealth of cooking skills and a love of cooking that is still with me (for which I am forever grateful). Passionate Cuba The music (I love this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." Narciso Rodriguez enjoys his race very much. He and his family are always very open and welcoming to others. “My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us.” Narciso is also close to other immigrants who are not related to him by blood. "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. On the contrary, our community is largely made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants." Narciso shares with many of those he considers family people are closely related.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez of Home: The Blueprint of Our Lives, this mood is portrayed as very cheerful, warm and happy. The way the author describes his home and early years provides an image of a big happy family throughout the passage. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it states that "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the backdrop of life in our warm home." This depicts the author's home in A friendly and loving image of life. Another example is in the @NUM2 paragraph where it says "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." This means their family is very close, always will take care of each other. So all in all, the mood in this memoir is portrayed as very happy, optimistic and loving.
The mood created by @CAPS1 in the memoir shows him that when he was born to his parents, he was grateful to have a home to live in. He is happy to live in a united and loving family. He understands the definition of "family" and what it is like, he respects his family because he has a wonderful home in @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 learned how to love, not forget his family, as in the previous paragraph, brought this simple house into a home. He was happy to have a home to stay and find a new life in front of him. A big thank you to his parents for their love and sacrifice. Home is sweet.
The emotions projected by auter are a nice and comfortable place to live and always be nice. They let anyone into their homes and kept each other away from racists.
In this memoir, they are different emotions. The mood created by the author is a mood of happiness and love. I know, because of everyone in the article, the author is talking about love and happiness. To prove it says "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, there is always a Cuban feast in the air, not only the smell of music, but life and love. I know the mood is happy because There's always something positive in this memoir. And, where there's love, there's happiness. That's why I think the mood in this memoir is love and happiness.
The author creates a feeling of love and acceptance in his memoir. He does this first when talking about his family dinner table. The author said, "My parents always held their arms and their doors opened up to a lot of people we thought were family and they knew they would do the same for us. (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This shows that his Parents will help anyone and treat anyone like anyone Second, the author describes the mood in @CAPS1 Seven. He opens @CAPS1, "It's in this simple house where my parents welcome other refugees To celebrate their arrival in this country, I celebrated my first birthday. (@CAPS1 @NUM2). His parents were so loving and caring that they celebrated their arrival with family and family members who were complete strangers. Finally, the author ends his memoir with the powerful sentence, “I Never forget my parents who turned a simple house into a home. (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The author accomplishes this by saying that his parents created a home by loving, caring, and accepting other refugees who entered the United States. Throughout the author’s memoir, he creates an emotion of love , Caring and accepting.
Narciso Rodriguez from Family: The Blueprint for Our Lives is Nonfiction. The emotion created by the author is strong because he loves his family to go to America. Love is a scattered emotion. He said in the story: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family, knowing that they would do the same for us. It shows how the author and his parents feel.
In his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to his parents. Overall good mood, very grateful. So happy and grateful that his parents are from Cuba and started a new life at @LOCATION1, but they turned their house into a regular Cuban home. He is also very proud. Hw is proud of his Cuban background and culture. He's also happy that his parents made their home open to everyone. He thanked his parents for their sacrifice and love. These are the overall moods of the memoir.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the mood writer creates thanks and gratitude to Narciso's parents, family, and friends for making his house home and to his parents for giving a better life for him. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says: "My parents came to this country with such courage. Without any knowledge of language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, as many immigrants do, in order to make their Better lives for kids, even if it means leaving family, friends and careers in a country they love." @CAPS1 said this Narciso was expressing gratitude and gratitude to his parents. In the first sentence of the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Narciso clearly expresses his gratitude to his parents. In the last sentence of the memoir: "I will never forget how my parents built a simple house in their home." @CAPS2 Narciso is thinking of his parents. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it says "It was here that I learned their true definition of family." @CAPS3 Narciso wouldn't know the true definition of "family" if it weren't for Narciso's parents, friends, family, and home. This mood created the gratitude of @CAPS1 Narciso Rodriguez.
The atmosphere created by @CAPS1 in the memoir is that when he arrived in America, he was given the opportunity that many immigrants wanted, which was education. His parents still carry the Cuban culture they have, especially in their kitchen, because both of his parents love to cook and they have mastered the excellent cooking skills he has learned. They play Cuban music when they set the table. @CAPS1 tells us that when his parents were still in Cuba, his father worked in the lab and his mother studied chemical engineering. @CAPS1 said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I ever did."
There are several ways to describe the emotions that @CAPS2 created in this memoir. My description for them is that @CAPS2 creates a very happy and loving mood. For example, in paragraph @NUM1. It said "On the contrary, our community was largely composed of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants when blatant racism was the norm and segregation was rife in America. In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures came To be together in great unity and friendship." This means that the family doesn't have to be blood-related, you and that person can be united and become great friends. Another example is in the @NUM2 paragraph, which says: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they have done is braver than I have ever done." This shows that she is A very caring and caring person, actually what @CAPS1 did for your parents. These are a few ways to describe how @CAPS2 created this joy and love.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is warm and comforting. The author describes his home with wonderful words and descriptions. The author made me feel at home when describing the meal and the party. Memories are sometimes more important than future plans. Memories of home are the best way to remember your time at home. This memoir reminds me of old times and fond memories. The vocabulary and additional information in this memoir put me in a very happy and comforting mood and made me want to learn more about his past life.
There are many ways to describe this emotion in this memoir, and the emotions created in this memoir are heartwarming. An example is in the @NUM1 paragraph, when Narciso Rodriguez describes his house, he says, "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebration that includes both, constitute the The living context of our warm homes." @CAPS1 Example in the @NUM2 paragraph, when he said, "Growing up in this environment instilled in me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties". Again in the @NUM2 paragraph, he said, "In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." In @CAPS1 in the @NUM2 paragraph, he said, "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily of their own kind, clearly need help. @CAPS1's example is in paragraph @NUM5, when he said, " They (his parents) came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving their family, friends, and careers in the country they love. The mood created in the memoir is refreshing. Narciso Rodriguez's parents did a lot of these things for him to make him feel like a Cuban. In my future, this memoir is probably the one that touches my heart the most.
The atmosphere of this memoir is great. It's good because everyone is happy. Narciso was in a good mood, and it was him who invited everyone to join. The excerpt says..."My door will always be open". There, too, they've been playing music. The excerpt also says..."In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship". There are also very selfless, caring about everyone and doing whatever they can for the family there. The overall mood of everyone in this memoir is very good because they are nice, engaging, and caring.
In memoir @PERSON1, the author's mood is @CAPS2. The author is from Cuba and lives in a humble three-bedroom apartment. Coming from a one room apartment, it was huge. The authors say they turned the small space into a Cuban home. One reason @CAPS1 is @CAPS2 is because his house is always full of love, friends and family. @CAPS1 is also @CAPS2 of his parents. @CAPS1 said "They came to this country with such courage." @CAPS1 also said "I will always be @CAPS2 to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author loves his parents for what he did to them Everything is very @CAPS2, including "turn this simple house into a home". @CAPS2 The mood the author created in his memoir.
The atmosphere created by the author of this memoir is very warm and loving. He talks throughout the article about his family and friends and how much they have changed his life. He talks about Cuba and the culture that flows through the family, how his parents gave up their careers for their children to have a good life, and how everyone in his neighborhood is connected as a family. All these aspects of his life, combined with words like "faith," "struggle," "admiration," and "selflessness," make for a very compelling work, with strong visceral emotions.
There are many strong feelings in the memoir, but @CAPS1 is the most important. In his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", Narciso Rodriguez talks about all the sacrifices and love in his family and how @CAPS2 will always satisfy his parents' selflessness. "The love of cooking is still with me to this day (and I absolutely love it)" is what Rodriguez said about @CAPS2 appricietes. @CAPS2 also appreciates how @CAPS2 was raised and how his parents taught him that "family has nothing to do with blood." @CAPS2 is so considerate that @CAPS2 keeps telling his parents that @CAPS2 "will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author expresses @CAPS1's mood in his line, "I will never forget that The house or its gracious neighbors, and the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Rodriguez is forever grateful for his parents and Their strong desire, which made him the @CAPS2 he is today.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is the happiness of home. The authors say that families are not necessarily blood ties. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood," the author said.
The mood of the memoir is actually happy and grateful. I think it's because the kid thanks his parents for letting them move to @LOCATION1 and they're all glad they made this sacrifice, especially Narciso. Narciso always thanked his parents for their bravery. He @CAPS1 he thanked them over and over again, he was never brave enough to do that. That's its gratitude. Something about this story gives a very happy feeling. Because the family is together and they are talking about the happiness of their lives with each other, even at @LOCATION1, it adds to a very happy feeling. This is what I think the author is trying to create in his memoir.
In his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", Narciso talks about his parents and his greatness. Narciso creates an atmosphere in this memoir as he talks about his parents and how they turned his house into home. Narciso's parents sacrificed a lot to move to @LOCATION1 and give their kids a good life, even if it meant leaving family, friends and career. The overall atmosphere is that I am grateful for my home and family in @LOCATION1. And then I also sympathize with Narciso's parents because they left everything to their children. They also had to leave their families, which was hard to do. Narciso's parents made a very tough but wise decision, but it was worth it in the end.
The emotion the author created in the memoir I have to say is a love one because throughout the memoir Narciso Rodriguez talks about how loving, caring and selfless his parents were. For example, in paragraph @NUM1 it says "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and loved ones The cause of the country." Also at the end of the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "In Cuba, Narciso, Sr. worked in a laboratory, and Rawedia Maria studied chemical engineering. In America, they had to start their lives completely over, regardless of What work do they do. Can be found. Believing that this struggle will lead them and their children to better times is what drives them to endure these tough times. @CAPS1 Yes I believe the mood of the author's memoir is one of love Two reasons for the emotions. Also in the @NUM3 paragraph, it says "Countless extended family members come and go - they are usually the ones who are with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet. My parents always opened their arms and doors to many of us. Treated like family, knowing they will do the same for us. " That's the last reason why I think the mood of the memoir is a love mood.
In @PERSON1's memoir, @PERSON1, he talks about his gratitude. One thing is that he thanked his nannies and friends for giving them food when they needed it. He is also grateful for the community he has. Finally, he thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice. He said, "@CAPS1 often graces our table." (@NUM1, Rodriguez) This shows him that everyone helps each other. He went on to say "Our neighbors... have come together in great unity and friendship." (@NUM2, Rodriguez) Rodriguez's community is so tight. In the end, he said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This shows how grateful he is that his parents sacrificed almost everything for him. Narciso Rodriguez wrote this article with gratitude. He is grateful to his nanny, he is grateful to his community, he is grateful to his parents. They all contributed to his life.
The mood @CAPS1 was created by the author in his memoir is a feeling of gratitude. That's the mood of @CAPS1 as it says "their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking is still with me to this day (for which I'm forever grateful)." This is the mood of @CAPS3 as the author thanks him for still having cooking skills. Another feeling of gratitude from @CAPS3 is when it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." This @CAPS3's mood is grateful because @CAPS5 appreciates his parents' love and sacrifice. Another reason @CAPS3 is thankful is that it says "I often tell them that what they do is something I could have done more courageously." This @CAPS3 heart is grateful because @CAPS5 thanked them In everything they do, @CAPS5 will always be braver than them. This is the mood of the author's memoirs.
The mood created by the author is a warm and happy mood. It's because he's talking about family love and bonds. He's also talking about home and how a house becomes a home. He also talks about how he and most people thank family and friends. All of this comes together to create a happy, beautiful, warm mood for the story.
I think the mood the author created in the memoir is happiness, because in the @NUM1 paragraph, at the beginning Narciso's parents gave up
The author's mood at the time was @CAPS1, very happy. The reason It was happy & @CAPS1 is because they talked about being @CAPS3. Live in @NUM1 @CAPS4 apartment.
In this excerpt from @PERSON1's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the mood created is one of love for family and friends. The author explains why his parents immigrated, and he is full of love and dedication, and it's hard not to feel the same. The authors describe how everyone eats together, and they often have more people eating with them. The author says "...numerous extended family members come and go..." and then goes on to describe how his family kept other family members with them until they got back on their feet. The author really expresses the sentiment of the excerpt in a loving way and does it the most when saying you will always thank his parents for moving to @LOCATION1 for him. The author shows that he genuinely cares about his family.
The emotions created by the author in his memoirs show a sense of comfort and gratitude to the author's family and loved ones. The author has created a peaceful tone that represents the peace, comfort and happiness he remembers. An example of the author's creation of comfort and peace is in the @NUM1 segment "Passionate Cuban music fills the air and mixes the kitchen. Here, innocent childhood, gatherings of family and friends, and an endless celebration that encompasses both Activities that form the living background of our warm homes." Two sentences from @CAPS1 express deep and warm thoughts about family and friends, as well as the comforting image of the kitchen and the sweet aroma of cooking. This writing is based on comforting words to give the reader a calm mood, used in sentences such as enthusiasm, aroma, innocence and warmth. Another example is in the @NUM2 paragraph where the author shows happiness and expresses gratitude for having family. His family has done it for him. This adds to the mood of the memoir by showing the greatness of family and what it means to people. Overall, the author uses calm and strong words in his memoirs to express his images and feelings. Because of this, he was able to create a calm, comfortable mood while expressing his love for his family and friends.
The @CAPS1 on this story is in a good mood. The reason is that the story tells how the child learned a lot from his young parents. Boy learned that @CAPS3 was born in Cuba, but @CAPS3 had to leave the new @CAPS2 even though @CAPS3 didn't want to. @CAPS3 also learned that his mom and that love to cook together, and @CAPS3 also learned that they set schedules for each other. Even though they moved to the new @CAPS2 they still do what they did in Cuba and they let people visit even if they don't know them.
The mood the author creates is grateful. The mood is grateful as he thanked his parents "...for their love and sacrifice" (¶@NUM1). This memoir is based on the definition of family. Family means many things, Rodriguez explained. It means helping others, accepting everyone, and giving up your life for his parents so your child can have a better life. He recalls the many people his parents helped. People near him, not blood related, but still his family. The courage and selflessness of his parents to leave the country and start over. He told them that he "... admired their strength and perseverance" (¶@NUM1). Still, he said, "couldn't express my gratitude" (¶@NUM1). He will always be grateful to his parents for the lessons that shaped his life.
The mood in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez remains the same throughout the story. First of all, "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood". This quote talks about Nassi Suo's parents brought people who needed a home to their home, but they were not blood families. Second, "My parents came to this country and didn't understand the language and culture, which allowed me to live a better life. "Even though his mom and dad knew nothing about @LOCATION1's language and culture and didn't want to leave friends and family, @ORGANIZATION1's parents gave everything to give @CAPS1 a better life. In the end, "I'll never forget me How my parents turned this simple house into a home. "@CAPS2 meant it was a simple house, but it became a safe home with all @CAPS2 who loved him by his side. All in all, the mood for this memoir is a happy one. The author makes all his The challenge is fun.
I think this is @CAPS1 childhood. This memoir is about a young girl, about her life and . the life of her parents. Say when her parents @CAPS2 traveled from Cuba to the US @ORGANIZATION1 in 1956. It says she was born in 1961, she says she was born in a simple house. This @CAPS1 is talking about the little girl's family, did they @CAPS2 live with them.
In Narciso Rodriguez's excerpt, @CAPS1 created an atmosphere of relaxation, well-being, joy, and an overall feeling of over-contentment and togetherness. @CAPS1 describes how he feels at home and how happy it makes him. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless festivities that include both, form the backdrop of life in our warm homes." In this particular sentence , @CAPS1 trying to get the mood like heaven on earth. @CAPS1 is trying to exaggerate emotions and make it heaven while trying to give readers real information about his home. In paragraphs @NUM2, @NUM3 and @NUM4, @CAPS1 highlights how brave, kind and selfless his parents were and how he will always be grateful to them. He's been on things like "They came selflessly...to give their children a better life" and "Generous and selfless are two lessons my parents didn't just teach me. They showed me their This is demonstrated in statements such as life". @CAPS1 set the mood in the story to everyone's paradise.
The mood created in the memoir Narciso rodriguez is solidarity, as seen in the @NUM1 paragraph "Our community was largely composed of Hispanics, Cubans and @CAPS1 immigrants when excessive racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in America. In our Of all these cultures come together in a great solitude and friendship, despite customs elsewhere. This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who pay tribute to those who, though not necessarily their own, People, but they obviously need help people who have the courage to lend a hand, as shown in paragraph @NUM2 My mother and father came to this country with such courage. Without any knowledge of language and culture. They Came selflessly because a lot of @CAPS2 was there to give their kids a better life, even though it meant leaving their family, friends and the country they loved. That's the mood the memoir creates.
Emotions created by @CAPS1 in memoir. The first @CAPS2 at the end of the memoir is @CAPS3. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS4 @CAPS3 One is, "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival. Coming to this country, I'm here to celebrate my first birthday too." I'm going to tell your @CAPS6 mood like I don't care. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'home' has nothing to do with blood relatives." @CAPS7 is my mood created by @CAPS1 in my memoir.
@CAPS1 created in @CAPS2 is not @CAPS3's. @CAPS1 Created happy and joyful as the narrator talks about his family and childhood. @CAPS4 talks about how his community is made up of many races. As mentioned in @NUM1 paragraph "Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants". @CAPS4 talks about how they live together peacefully and @ORGANIZATION1. The significance of this @CAPS5 @CAPS6 family doesn't necessarily mean you have to be blood related. Happy @CAPS1, @CAPS6 friends and family.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are happiness, love, solidarity and contentment. These words describe the sentiment, because in the memoir, the author would speak of his eternal greatness to his family. He talks about the struggles they've gone through, but how they look at the past and realize that as long as they have each other, that's all that matters. They get along very well and are glad they have each other. They also helped others in need, which seemed to complete their lives. They treat everyone as family and even though they have very little, all they want is in return. This is the mood created by the author.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is joyful, proud of his parents and proud of being Cuban. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, he said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." His parents gave up their good jobs in Cuba and now take jobs they didn't like. Another example is in the @NUM2 paragraph where Narciso says that this environment instilled in me a strong feeling that "family" has nothing to do with blood. Narciso is grateful for his parents and for being here at @LOCATION1.
The memoir has a very pleasant mood. Paragraph @NUM1 gives the author a real sense of what the author's home looks like. It talks about the food and music the author emphasizes his love for. The @NUM2 and @NUM3 paragraphs provide information on how close the community is. The author talks about how great his friend Alegria is, and says she "brings up" their kitchen. Throughout the memoir, the author explains how happy his home was, and through his detailed descriptions, the reader feels happy too.
The mood of the author and the memoir is pleasant. He or she seems to be proud of everything. He or she did not let anyone get in the way of their culture, family and parents. For example the author said "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." When I read the last sentence of the entire memoir, I understood the author's feelings. He or she is in various emotions. Some are happy, some are grateful, some are excited. The author's mood made me realize that I need to value what I get. In my home, in my school, everyone around me. The mood of the author in the memoir is grateful. and happy.
This post @PERSON1 created a different mood for me. I was bored at first, but now I appreciate my parents even more. My parents also moved to the US from another country. They moved here from @LOCATION2 @CAPS1 so kids can have a better life and education. The article also said that close friends can also be family members, and now that I think about it, I think that's true. The author said: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that family has nothing to do with blood. This is the kind of emotion the author created for me when I read this memoir.
In "Narciso Rodriguez", the most important thing is love. It tells of Narciso's concern for his family. Emotions are love, admiration and gratitude. Narci-so is very grateful for what his parents did for him. Give up everything to go somewhere better. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice," Narciso said. Another emotion is also love. In the memoir, it expresses a great deal of love in his family. ".. it means leaving family, friends and career in the country they love". They gave up everything for their true love, Narciso. You get admiration when Narciso says "they showed me their lives, and these teachings have always been the foundation of my life." The general feeling of the memoir is love, admiration, and gratitude. Narciso has learned a lot from his family. "I will never forget how my parents turned his simple house into a home".
In this memoir, the author gives an inspiration to the mood, and the love of family and friends. In the memoir the author talks about how awesome the author's parents turned a simple ordinary house into a home, which means the author's parents made their house feel like home by bringing their Cuban culture into the house, like Cuba Food, Cuban music and Cuban decor. This makes the memoir a joyous mood. But this memoir is also enlightening because it basically tells the reader that no matter who your blood relatives are, family is family, the people who love and care about you the most.
The mood of this memoir is very happy and full of love. Throughout the story, Narciso shows how grateful he is that his parents gave him the opportunity to grow up in @LOCATION1. He showed me that the book of memoirs was full of love, and he explained how his parents were always open to whatever bodies they thought were family. The memoir is delighted because it shows that he has a lot of good relationships with many of the people he calls family. He is also happy because he knows how much it will cost to move to @CAPS1 from your home country. Overall, Narciso had a very happy, loving childhood.
The mood created by the author is a happy and warm tone. In the @NUM1 segment, he recalls enjoying Cuban music and learning to cook. He also recalls making friends with other immigrants and learning to love and help everyone. (@NUM2) In paragraph @NUM3, he recalls what it really means to learn about a family and what it means to build a house. The atmosphere created is warm and loving, teaching the true meaning of family and selfless behavior, home is about family, not space
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happiness and contentment. I know this because the protagonist is happy in the story. When he arrived in New Jersey, he enjoyed how his parents built their house into a traditional Cuban home. He is passionate about Cuban music that he enjoys listening to every day. Another thing is that the protagonist is satisfied with what his parents have done for him. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The last thing is that he thanked his parents because in the @NUM1 paragraph it said "@CAPS1 often told them that they did The things I have done are more courageous things I could have done. I have told them how much I admire them for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again.” These are the emotions the author creates in his memoir.
The mood created in Rodriguez's memoir is one of gratitude + happiness. There's a sense of support like comfort + friendliness, but Rodriguez himself is most grateful. In the @NUM1 segment, there is a lot of gratitude for the social skills passed on to him. In the @NUM2 segment he talks about their Cuban feast, maybe small, but with true love + life. You will really feel how grateful Rodriguez is to his parents, not for who they are, how much money they have, or what they gave him (materially), but a genuine gratitude for what nature has given him bona fide.
The mood of this memoir is love. @CAPS1 How should you look back on your home and your family. They all love you and how you love them all. How everyone is always in front of everyone.
In his memoir "Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives" @PERSON1 he makes the atmosphere seem loving, happy and grateful. That sentiment is thanks to Rodriguez's parents for making his house feel more like a home. In the @NUM1 segment, he said "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 His parents have done so much for Rodriguez and he is always grateful. They are also full of love in the mood of the book because there are so many references to family. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family." @CAPS2 With open arms, a big "family" sure is a sign of a lot of love. The mood of the excerpt is also delightful because, as Rodriguez puts it, "passionate salsa music fills the air." And "a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal Cuban feast) always fills the air." The music and Feasts are the two happiest things. By reminiscing about his childhood experiences, @PERSON2 managed to make the mood of his memoir full of love, gratitude and joy at the same time.
In her memoir "@PERSON1" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates a positive, beautiful mood. The author "will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents" I know because a wrote a few paragraphs just to express @CAPS1's gratitude to his parents. @CAPS1 describes how great their job was in Cuba and then how poor they got in @LOCATION1, but they still work hard to give their kids a better life. "In a simple house, my parents welcomed other refugees to the country where I celebrated my first birthday." @CAPS1 describes everything as a positive learning experience, but shows that throughout In the memoir, the themes are positive and great.
The mood the author created in his memoirs The mood of the author is sad. Because in Cuba @PERSON1 worked in the lab and Rawedia Maria studied chemical engineering. In America, they have to start their lives completely over, taking whatever jobs they can find. In the author's memoir, @CAPS1 will forever be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
The emotion of this memoir is gratitude. Narciso is very proud and proud to have grown up where he once grew up and has the family he has "In our community, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship." Narciso Tell the reader that even though the people in his neighborhood are different, they are still family. "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." This quote tells you that even when things go badly, he still appreciates all the opportunities his parents gave him.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is a joy to remember the most important people in his life, the dilapidated house he lived in on his first birthday, and the people his family lives in different places, and he is grateful because he Everything his parents gave him when he was a child, and the education his parents gave him.
Narciso Rodriguez's memoir creates an overall mood of Narcisco explained that his parents loved cooking and were willing to let other people "instill in me a strong feeling that 'family' has nothing to do with being blood related." Plus, the memoir shows how hard people face. Narciso explains his neighbors, overcoming racism with his family. This sets the mood that they love each other. Finally, this biography expresses love and sacrifice. Narciso explained that his parents were "struggling both personally and financially." During their move to @LOCATION1. But Narciso's parents still showed him love. Narciso learned to love from his parents, for which he admired his parents.
According to the author in @CAPS1 the mood the author creates is happy and sad, I think the mood the author creates is happy because he lives in a comfortable environment near them, mostly Spanish, Cuban, and once Italian immigrant , not racism, not segregation, he lived a peaceful home, sadly, Narciso Rodriguez learned how to love and the definition of family and how to love, but he said he would never be Loving parents turned the house into a simple home.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author is in a good mood, @CAPS1 He said, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." @CAPS1 He loves his family and friends. Oh so dear. He is also grateful to have many close family members. That can get together for dinner and so on. "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal one) always fills the air with more than just scent, music, life, and love," the authors say. As you As seen in the memoir the author is happy and grateful for the love and sacrifice of the family @CAPS1.
Narciso Rodriguez is an internationally acclaimed costume designer in his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives. He talks about his hometown of Newark, NJ. In his memoirs, he gives the true definition of "family". I feel comfortable, loving, and warm. By the way, he talks about his love for Cuban heritage and how his parents immigrated from Cuba to @LOCATION2 and how they still managed to raise him and do a lot for him even when he was very young, and Give him the best childhood they can give him and he will always remember. He also said that "growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relationship", meaning that you can even consider people who are not related to you as your own flesh and blood and relatives. blood, family.
I think his life is very good, he is a happy man. And he's happy with what's going on in his life.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are love, care and gratitude. I say this because she really appreciates what her parents have done for her. In @CAPS1@NUM1, she said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice, my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them time and time again." Also, "This is an honest, hard-working A tight-knit community of immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily their own kind, really need it.”; @CAPS1 @NUM2. It's a feeling of gratitude that Narciso and her family can trust people in their community. Because they know they will never do anything to hurt them. In the last @CAPS1 it says "Here I learned the true definition of family and I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." His gratitude, love and care for his parents can be seen . Narciso is proud of his parents for keeping people with them in times of need. This is the mood the author creates in his memoirs.
The author creates emotions of love and caring. they always care about others
The mood created by the author of the memoir Narciso Rodriguez is generally a happy and memorable one. The author describes how his parents came to @LOCATION1 and had to start over. However, the author's parents are still very kind, turning the community into a big family. Parents cook and celebrate with neighbors. The author said he was proud that his parents were such loving people. The mood of this story is overall very happy, sharing, caring and grateful for how wonderful parents are. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, because they know they will do the same for us," says the author. The memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" is a very inspiring and joyful book 's memoirs, read with a matching mood.
There is a mood of joy and hope in this memoir by Narciso Rodriguez. His parents came to @LOCATION1 during apartheid. They developed strong bonds with friends and family who lived nearby and had a difficult time with their children. Culture passed to Narciso, who loves @CAPS1 and the music he grew up with. Narciso's @CAPS2 always invites family to their house when they need help. Also, many people who are not related to them have dinner with them every night. In Rodriguez's home, there are moments of hope for the better and joy.
Narciso Rodriguez's mood in his memoirs is happy. When an author talks about his or her memoirs, they seem happy to be talking about them. Like when the author talks about their parents and the house they live in, how it makes them always remember if they're still there. So if I were in the author's shoes, I would be happy with how I was raised by my parents to live in a better place, even if it meant giving up a lot of things that mean a lot to you. That's what I think the writer is in the mood for.
I think it's a feeling of pride because she's telling what her parents did for her.
The author creates a feeling of gratitude in his memoir. For example, in the @NUM2 sentence of the @NUM1 paragraph, the author states "Growing up in this environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." This @CAPS1, the author is grateful to have parents, even if they Not his biological parents. In paragraph @NUM3, in the first sentence @NUM4, the author tells how his parents brought their family to this country without speaking the language or understanding the culture. He also mentioned in those sentences how giving children a better life means leaving their family, friends and careers in their country of origin. This @CAPS1, the author is also generous because he realizes the love and sacrifice it takes to do so. Also, in the @NUM5 paragraph @NUM4 sentence, he said he told his parents what they did was brave because he would never be able to do what they did. You can see the author's gratitude and admiration for his parents.
The author creates many feelings in his memoirs. First, the author creates a warm and loving atmosphere; "I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget How my parents turned this simple house into a home." This quote shows how much passion is behind his family's love and it makes you feel warm and comfortable inside. Secondly, some of the feelings the author also creates are friendly and caring; "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all the These cultures come together in solitude and friendship." This shows how important friendship is, giving readers a sense of friendliness and caring. Finally, the author begins the memoir with a feeling of great joy and optimism; "Here, in the innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations covering both, constitute our warm home life context.” This line shows that the author’s family celebrates life and creates optimism. In short, the author of the memoir has brought many feelings to the reader.
In this memoir written by Narciso Rodriguez, he paints a very specific emotion. That mood made me feel like I was there, or part of the story he told. I feel this way because by familiarizing the reader with your character, it makes the rest of the story easier to write. For example, in the second paragraph, I was able to get a sense of what his home and family life was like - especially the sentence, "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban homeland, its core It's the kitchen." @CAPS1 I think the particular line to this story is, "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants reaching out to those who are clearly in need" I love that line, Especially because it showed me, as a reader, how much those people care. It also lights up the atmosphere of the whole story. I feel that the overall mood of this memoir is clearly portrayed.
In the excerpt "@CAPS1 Rodriguez" from Home: the @CAPS2 of our Lives, the author exudes a very nostalgic mood. Throughout the excerpt @CAPS4 recalls all the feasts, parties and guests that @CAPS4 "turned into a home" in what his parents called "a simple house" in @CAPS3 @NUM1. This tells me that the author has very fond memories of the house that @CAPS4 loved and grew up in. The author also exudes a very compassionate mood. In @CAPS3 @NUM2, it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS4 describes his community as "close-knit" and "honest." This tells me that the author is very similar to his community and loves them all and appreciates his parents for taking the time to make his life the best it can be. Mood finally @CAPS5. In @CAPS3 @NUM3, it said his community "reached out to those who were clearly in need". @CAPS4 called his parents "brave" for coming to @LOCATION1. @CAPS4 is proud of his Cuban family and @ORGANIZATION1 that all immigrants @CAPS4 grew up around, it tells me that @CAPS4 knows they have accomplished so much in life. These are the emotions set by the author.
In Narciso Rodriguez's Narciso Rodriguez, many emotions are expressed and created in the memoir. One emotion expressed in the memoir is that of great love. In the third paragraph, Narciso writes, "In our neighborhood, despite the customs and practices elsewhere, all these cultures have merged in great solidarity and friendship." The @CAPS1 mood described in Narciso's memoir is gratitude. In the final paragraph, the author writes, "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." The final emotion that arises in the memoir is that of pride. In the second paragraph, Narciso writes: "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of culinary skills and love of cooking, which I still do today (in this regard). I am forever grateful). Created many positive emotions by Narciso Rodriguez in his great family memoir.
In this memoir of Narciso Rodriguez from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author perfectly creates a positive, happy mood. Throughout most of the memoir, the mood is very warm and hearty. The author's description of how his home was formed and what it looked like warmed the readers' hearts and made them laugh unconsciously. For example, the last sentence of paragraph @NUM1, which says: "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the living background of our warm homes." Author The wording or phrases such as party, celebration and warm home create the image of a happy, joyful house and radiate a positive effect. Plus, he takes the warm, soothing mood up a notch what @CAPS1 said in the @NUM2 paragraph "...all these cultures come together in great solidarity and friendship. It's a symphony of honesty , a tight-knit community of hardworking immigrants." @CAPS1 said, giving a feeling of being supported by loved ones @CAPS1, showing the true definition of a true family. Also, when the author talks about a loving, caring family, it conveys a feeling of warmth, relaxation, and comfort. In this memoir, the author creates a warm, joyful, warm atmosphere as he describes his loving home and gives a true definition of family. A loving family really creates a warm, hearty mood.
In Narciso Rodriguez's story, the mood created by the author is very calm. It's saying it's a traditional Cuban family, with warm Cuban music in the air. The air in the kitchen is also mixed with aroma. There are also many caring people around the house. This makes it home and comfertable. The mood is always good and everyone loves to cook, so even if they are not related by blood, they will always cook together. "Inside the walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home, and every heart of it is in the kitchen. As you can see, this family loves to be together and enjoy each other's company
The atmosphere is good.
In this article, the author's mood seems to be cheerful and good. For example, he likes that his parents are selfish and hardworking people and try to make his life happy. He also likes how they invite a lot of people to visit and how they treat them like family. He also likes how they force him on things they know how to do, like cooking. His mood does seem to change when he talks about getting a job in Cuba rather than New Jersey. They were making as much money as possible, and he seemed a little worried. His mood turned happy again when he admitted that he liked the way they treated their house like a real home.
The author creates a very happy but curious mood in the reader. Reading makes me happy for Narciso, but curious how much his parents put in to give Narciso the best life possible. For example, the author said his parents had to "start their lives over and take whatever jobs they could find." Back in Cuba, "Narciso, Sr. worked in the lab and Rawedia Maria (Narciso's mom) studied chemical engineering." This shows how much his parents lost by immigrating to @LOCATION1. It makes me wonder why they would do this. They do it because they want Narciso to get a good education and live a good life. The author also created a sense of sadness, saying: "They came here selflessly, as many migrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant sending their families, Friends and carers stay in the country they love." This saddens me as some migrants have to leave the homes of their mothers, fathers and friends and @MONTH1 will never see them again. The author creates a variety of different emotions through his memoirs.
In Narciso Rodriguez's excerpt "Narciso Rodriguez", the author creates several emotions. For example, when the author said his family was from Cuba and they were able to move to a humble apartment. The author says, "...from Cuba...have the ability to move to a humble...apartment that I will soon call home" (@NUM1). This sentence shows that the author's parents wanted to give him a good life. They did this by moving themselves and him to @LOCATION2. As another example, the author describes what his kitchen's "center of the house is like, and even though they're New Jersey, their house still feels like Cuba." The author says, "Passionate Cuban music (which I love) fills the air. , mixed with the aroma of the kitchen" (@NUM2). This quote shows that the author's family makes sure he still knows what Cuba is like. The author's parents want to show him both sides of the world (Cuba and @LOCATION2). Finally, when The author talks about his gratitude for his parents and how he grew up. The author says, "...I learned the true definition of 'family'...I learned there how to love" ( @NUM3). This quote shows that the author has learned all the important skills in life. Thanks to his family, he now knows how to respect and love everyone. Obviously, there are many ways the author creates emotions for the excerpt.
According to Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, a specific mood is created. First, the author talks about the love of cooking in the kitchen with the family and the meaningful Cuban dishes prepared there. This creates an atmosphere of passion. Rodriguez describes it, "The passionate Cuban music (which I still love) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen" (@NUM1 paragraph). This quote shows the author's passion for his culture and traditions. Second, the author talks about his relationship to the neighborhood. A passionate mood was created based on the author's devotion to his unofficial family. The author writes, “My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family” (@NUM2 paragraph). Finally, the author expresses his gratitude to his parents and all they have done for him. His passion for their strength, perseverance, and teachings created a passionate atmosphere. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents" (@NUM3 paragraph). In Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs, there is an ebullient mood.
In "Narciso Rodriguez" the author creates moods in a number of ways. The mood the author creates is a warm, happy mood associated with feelings of family and love. We can first see this sentiment in the fourth paragraph, where the narrator tells us "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us. " It shows that everyone in the community loves each other and helps each other, which adds to the feeling of family and love. The narrator also tells us that his parents "came here selflessly, as most immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends, and The cause of the country of love." This shows that the narrator's parents love him so much that they want the absolute best for him wherever they go. This shows that they feel family is very important to them, which adds to the family atmosphere created by the author. The final manifestation of this sentiment is when the narrator tells us that he will be "forever grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice" and that it is from his parents that he "learned the true definition of family". It shows how much he loves and respects his parents, which adds to the warm, loving emotion. In "Narciso Rodriguez" several things are used by the author to create a warm atmosphere of family and love.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is comforting. His memoirs show his past life and how he felt about it. Cuban music is in the air, tables of Cuban feasts, different types of people interacting, all are the emotions he tries to express through his memoirs about his life. He also expressed gratitude for the sacrifices his parents made for him so he could have more opportunities and education. He also described his childhood in great detail, showing the type of his life and what he and his parents had to go through when they came to @LOCATION1 and how they didn't want people to go through the same things they did, so they provide to help immigrants who need support.
The mood is clearly love and greatness. "(I'm very grateful for that)." The boy was young, so he didn't quite understand how much the move meant to them. "In America, they had to start their lives all over again." That meant leaving family, friends, @CAPS1 for a new job, building his house, leaving their home to give their son a nice house. He is grateful that his parents are still able to sustain him in Cuba. They haven't forgotten where they came from. Now I think one of his emotions might be sad because he's the reason it all happened. What would have happened if he had never been born, he would never have known what family meant. That's why there is some greatness, some love, and a little sadness in this memoir.
The authors in their memoirs create emotions that are very different from other people. We all have different mood swings, but some people have the same and never change. One way you need to change that is the way you are around others. Behaving and how to get to know the way around them, not with friends.
The atmosphere created in memoir @ORGANIZATION1 is happy and warm. This memoir is happy and warm because it describes how happy a small home is, as in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "the air is full of not only smell and music, but life and love." This Shows that love fills the air with happiness. This is how the author creates emotions.
The homepage Our Blueprint for Life is a warm tribute to Narciso Rodriguez's parents. The author of this memoir once said: "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." Narciso Rodriguez will change the way readers think about this memoir. This will be a story of a young child who understands the physical and psychological qualities of adults. @CAPS1 acknowledges the troubles @CAPS1 and his parents had. For his community, including his immigrant family, in an age of racism and segregation, @CAPS1 learned how to appreciate this "tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants." @CAPS1 Learn how Narciso Rodriguez Sr understands, while @ORGANIZATION2 is struggling both personally and financially. @CAPS1 Thanks for the opportunity to live in his Cuban hometown of Newark, NJ. Although his parents worked in the lab and studied chemical engineering, they struggled to find work in the financial age. @CAPS1 loves them. "They used their own lives to show me these teachings, which have been the foundation of my life," the authors wrote. Without these relationships, and the lives of different people, this memoir would be a child's selfish tale. @CAPS1 Thank you family for everything. A boy of such a young age left too many impressions of generosity. @CAPS1 learned how to respect his parents. Finally, Narciso Rodriguez will be writing a memoir devoted to the bond @CAPS1 forged with his parents and the refugees within.
In this memoir, the author creates more than one emotion. In my opinion, he created about three. Love, Gratitude and Caring. The emotion of love arises because, in his memoir, Narciso Rodriguez tells us that family is more than blood. It can be anyone. In his case, his entire neighborhood was his family. Family can be anyone, for me it is or can be your loved ones. This is the feeling of love created by the author. As I read the memoir towards the end, I felt a sense of gratitude personally. I think because the author appreciates what his parents have done for him, an example is his parents leaving their hometown to give their son a better life. My parents did that for me so I could connect on a personal level. I know I'm grateful that they made this big decision. I also think that the emotion of caring is created. I think it's because the writer said in his memoir that his parents would let people live with them until "they got back on their feet." I felt as if the family cared about doing that, not like anyone would do that, so the family cared. That's why I feel that emotional care is created by the author.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez speaks with only warm affection and gratitude as she describes her childhood home. She talks lovingly about her parents' apartment and their kitchen and the Cuban culture they incorporate into their everyday lives, revealing that Narciso has fond memories of her parents. Clearly, she's very grateful for what her parents did for her and for giving her the opportunity to grow up in such a gentle community - in this "family" that has nothing to do with blood. (@NUM1) The entire memoir was written with such care and attention to sweet detail. The author obviously feels lucky that her parents sacrificed their safety in their hometown to bring her to @LOCATION1 in order for her to live a better life, experience the importance of friends and family, and learn the true meaning of love through Cuban culture .
I think @CAPS1's mood in this @CAPS2 is that @CAPS3 is @CAPS4, glad @CAPS3 grew up with such great parents and how not to be selfish
I think the emotions the author creates are unpleasant. One is because he lives in a single room apartment, so that must mean they are poor. They live in a poor town without any food.
The emotion in this memoir is one of gratitude. This first appeared in @NUM1, where he talked about cooking and Cuban music. It's also in the @NUM2 paragraph when he talks about leaving their home country. The third time in paragraph @NUM3, he tried to say thank you but couldn't find the right word. The gratitude in this memoir is most easily seen in paragraphs @NUM1, @NUM2 and @NUM3.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs, once put together, can have a powerful effect on many people. Narciso's parents started out as a meaningless family. However, Narciso's parents turned it into something great. In the final sentence of his memoir, Narciso said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. What he was trying to explain was that your home is your home. This is me Believed by the author of the memoir is.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is very grateful. He is very grateful to his parents for coming to @CAPS1 from Cuba. It gave him a better education and chances of success. In his memoir, he thanked all those who helped him and supported him and his family in this new country, just as he did to those who supported him. Grateful for Narciso Rodriguez's mood in this memoir.
The author wrote his memoir because he remembers families where other people don't live with us. The author remembers us about culture and other things. The author wrote Narciso's memoir because he talks about family.
The mood the memoir creates is @CAPS1, gratitude, and the overall feel of the story. One of the reasons is the mood to celebrate with family and friends; from @NUM1 paragraph "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living backdrop of our warm homes. ." Also, how family members open their arms for those in need knowing that their friends/family will do the same, so the heart is also grateful; from @NUM2 paragraph "My parents always send to the many who we consider family People open their arms and open their doors because they know they'll do the same for us." And a frustrating mood as the Narcisos have to leave their friends and jobs to live better for their kids/sons life; from @NUM3 paragraph "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their families, Friends and career." They also appreciate and admire everything they do; from @NUM4 paragraph "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." Created by this memoir The mood is filled with frustrating chatter, gratitude, @CAPS1 and admiration for the memoir.
The author of the memoir created a very grateful and happy mood. "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life." Author @CAPS1 What his parents did for him. He knew his parents had a hard time leaving their country for him. "They are struggling both personally and financially...I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Author @CAPS1 It was his parents' efforts to grow him the way he was and what it meant to him to have him life. He admired his parents for being as brave as they were. Author @CAPS1 in his writing what his parents did for him and what it meant to him. Narciso Rodriguez is very grateful to his parents. "In this humble house, in the warm kitchen, a Cuban feast...always fills the air with not just smell and music, but life and love." Author @CAPS1 How his parents were happy raised him. He @CAPS1 how his parents showed him love. Narciso Rodriguez is grateful, proud and happy for his parents
Throughout the article, the author "Narciso Rodriguez" shows many emotions in his writing. One of the emotions of the story is love. His family filled their home with things they liked. Love the food they eat and the music they play. They also love their family. Not their real family, but the neighbors they thought were family. They will always let people eat and stay if needed. Another emotion of the story is gratitude. Narciso Rodriguez is grateful that his parents gave up everything to come to @LOCATION1 so he can live a good life. They gave up all their friends, family, jobs and the country they loved so he could have a good life. He was grateful for everything they taught him. That's the mood of the story.
Living with his parents who immigrated to the United States, the author creates a mood with his memoir. First, in the @NUM1 segment, Narciso explains that part of the warmth in his home comes from the endless celebrations with family and friends. Also, in the @NUM2 paragraph, he said: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was something more courageous that I could have done. Finally, he mentioned By now, he has learned the true definition of "family" and learned how to love in his own home. In short, the author creates a mood when talking about his memoir.
In the story "Narciso Rodriguez" written by @CAPS1 @CAPS2 where we live, the emotions in the memoir are emotion and love. In this story, @CAPS3 talks about how his parents became pagans. How kind we were to his parents, the way we could keep people in their homes, and the way we got people to be with them
The author who wrote this story created a lot of emotions. First, the story creates a lot of love. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, his parents had to leave everything they loved, their country, family, friends, and career. His parents left so much behind. Second, there is a lot of gratitude in the story. For example in the @NUM2 paragraph, Narciso is very grateful for what his parents had to give up and their love. He also said that what they did was braver than anything he had ever done. Third, there is a lot of sadness and generosity. Narciso said his parents were so impressed and generous that he realized the importance of friends and family in the @NUM2 segment. Narciso also pointed out in the @NUM2 paragraph that the two lessons he learned were not only taught to him, but demonstrated by his parents' life. I thought the story was very moving and generated a lot of emotion and emotion as I read it.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one that is warm and happy. He does this by talking about family, friendships and his neighbors. He creates this happy feeling by talking about his home. He talks about his simple house, which is a Cuban home. The smell of food fills his kitchen. Rich cooking skills passed on to him. In this house, he has the innocence of childhood. The second way he creates happy emotions is by talking about friendships. He talks about his landowner's daughter as his friend and nanny. This resulted in a playful warm tone as he led his grandparents, who also enjoyed a meal at his house. The last way is to talk about his neighbors. He talks about how immigrants in his community help each other. They all come to @LOCATION1 hard and willing. The authors also write that families do not need blood. These are the author's ways of creating a happy mood in his memoir
The mood the author creates is a warm feeling, as the words describe pride and gratitude. It also provides @CAPS1 and a good sense of family ties. The author also incorporates feelings into his writing. This is the feeling the author describes.
After reading @PERSON1's "Narciso Rodriguez" anthology, I decided that @PERSON1 seemed to have a very interesting life as a kid. The memoir also seems to have a good mood. One thing that makes all talk parties feel good. I love parties, and thinking about parties during @CAPS1 can be less annoying for @CAPS2. Another good thing to do is talk about how Narciso's parents are always upbeat and ready for anything. The last thing that puts the casting mood in a good mood is how Narciso talks about all his family and friends. There is always a smile on my face when I think of the fond memories of my family and friends. Overall, this memoir made me feel good and made my day a lot better.
The mood set by the author is grateful. The author said he was happy to have his parents. He thanked them for giving him his life at @LOCATION1, but still doing it their Cuban way. He was happy to let other people into his apartment, sit down, and act like family. He likes that his parents are selfless and they care about others. He also enjoys learning to cook, which he says he loves to this day.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is... an expression of how to be grateful. Appreciate what you have in your life. As in the memoirs, Narciso lived in a one-bedroom apartment. But he loved it there, and it's fond memories. Narciso quoted on @CAPS1 @NUM1... "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them repeatedly. But really, I can't express how impressed I am with the spirit of generosity that I am in Proving the importance of family and friends at such a young age. This sentence tells the whole mood of the whole story, the last sentence "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a Family.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a mood of appreciation + happiness. @CAPS1 does this by starting with the background, + to the end and moving on to the lessons @CAPS1 learned from his parents. First off, @CAPS1 described how hurtful this environment is in the @NUM1 paragraph. "My young parents created a traditional Cuban family with the kitchen at its core...my parents passed it on to me...the love of cooking is still with me today (for which I Grateful forever). Enthusiastic Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air..." @CAPS1 went on to describe what a wonderful place to grow up + how his parents showed him generosity. Next, @CAPS1 said how hard it was for his parents to leave everything they knew, just for their kids. State in @NUM2 paragraph, "They came selflessly...to give their children a better life." @CAPS1 continues to write about how strong they are by showing him the value of family + friends + generosity . This shows how much @CAPS1 appreciates them. Overall, by conveying this sentiment, @CAPS1 was able to respect his parents more.
What a simple mood I feel in this passage a simple home @CAPS1 a loving family in this difficult @CAPS2 phase of life you can go all the way and still someone will do it for you @CAPS3 this passage is true Makes you realize how fulfilling it is to have a loving family no matter what.
Narciso Rodriguez is trying to create a warm feeling in your heart, recalling all the good memories of childhood, thinking about all the sacrifices our parents made, trying to give us a good life. "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends and careers," @CAPS1 said, while trying to explain how parents only want to give their children a good life.
In the memoir, the author created a @CAPS3 which is @CAPS1 of @CAPS2, love and unity. The author shows @CAPS2 for his native Cuba. He said he really enjoyed the culture, music and culinary creations celebrated with his extended family. Thanks to his @CAPS2 it shows that you can feel at home even if you are in another country. The author also set a love-filled @CAPS3 for how open his family is to other people. His family would bring many people into their home and form deep friendships with them, regardless of race or cultural beliefs. The authors also set up a unified @CAPS3. This @CAPS3 is the result of all the different people in his neighborhood who always work well together and show the utmost respect for each other, even if they are from different countries. This is the @CAPS3 where the author sets up @CAPS2, love, solidarity in her memoir.
The author created several different sentiments, some @CAPS1 peaceful. Like he's talking about the warmth of his first @CAPS2 kitchen Cuban feast. The courage of parents to move to the United States. I admire my parents for their perseverance and perseverance. Faith struggles hard.
The emotions in this memoir are caring, joy, and love. First, it is caring. For example @PERSON1 will do anything for his family. If @PERSON1 doesn't do anything for the people he loves, he doesn't care about them. The second is happiness. For example @PERSON1 has a nanny and his first friend. Finally, there is love. An example is when he talks about his parents. He is very grateful when he talks about his parents, and describes the sentiment by making the home feel loved.
The mood at the time was that he just wanted to remember all his past memories as @CAPS1 and his home, all he could remember was the good things, nothing negative for his home I read that it was a Very healthy environment, friends, a good mom, that's what everyone wants life there to be like.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" in "The Blueprint of Our Lives", the author has a very appreciative mood. An example of this is when he says "(I'm so grateful for that)" it shows how much he appreciates what his parents have done for him. The second example is, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 The author says you can see how grateful he is for what his parents have done for him. In the end, he said, "I will never forget how my parents turned this humble house into a home." This tells us that the author truly understood what her parents did for her. That's the mood in the memoir.
In "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates an emotion of gratitude. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, the narrator in this memoir is very grateful. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. He also said they did a braver thing than him. The narrator is also proud to be Cuban. Plus, he loves Cuban music. Paragraph NUM2 also says that he loves his house. "It was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival in this country and to celebrate my first birthday there. "The mood created by the author is grateful for "Narciso Rodriguez" in "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives."
Based on the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives by Narciso Rodriguez, @CAPS1 designer. The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. You can say it's in a good mood because throughout the memoir, the author recounts all the good times they had at their home in Newark, New Jersey. The author tells how her family always came to her house for dinner. He/@CAPS2 also tells how they have always been Cuban music and Cuban food. They used to have a great time in that house. This is how you can tell if the mood is happy.
In the short stories of @PERSON1, there is a very happy mood. This story has many examples of how his family was so wonderful. He talks about how his parents turned their house into a home and how they incorporated a lot of Cuban heritage into the house. The story goes that he was overjoyed to have his parents who gave him so much love and sacrifice. The mood in the story is definitely a very happy mood.
I think @CAPS1 is happy. I think he is because he has a nice house and a nice family. Another reason I think he's happy is because he's at @LOCATION1 now, but still around his Cuban culture. His parents put him in @LOCATION1 I think because they want to live there and start a family. That's why I think that's the mood of @CAPS1 in this memoir.
In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a mood in the memoir. In the @NUM1 segment, the speaker shows readers how much love and happiness flows in his home. How his loving parents cooked and eventually passed on their culinary skills to him. How passionate is his love of Cuban music, friends and endless festivities. This shows a happy mood that the author is creating because there is cooking, music, parties and just the happiness in the air. In the @NUM2 paragraph, Narciso's parents came to this country hoping to give their children a better life, even if they had left the country they loved. This shows his parents' love for him, and because of this he lives a happy life. In paragraph @NUM3, the author thanked the parents for their love and sacrifice. It shows his love and understanding for his parents as they turned a simple house into a home he will always remember. In conclusion, the author creates a mood in his memoir.
In the story "Narciso Rodriguez" in Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, it depicts the mood of Narciso's family and their relationship with their parents. The mood the author creates in the story is alive, hopeful and cultural. Narciso said his parents created a traditional Cuban family with Cuban food and music. That said, the emotion is very cultural. Throughout the story, they wish they would leave Cuba and only live in a @NUM1 room apartment, but his parents want them to make it. It's also very active, they always have people outside of their family sitting at the dinner table and opening their doors to family and friends. The aroma of Cuban music and food wafts through this little place. Narciso Rodriguez will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home.
The author creates a sense of togetherness and happiness as she explains how she grew up in her home, her community, and her parents. Narciso starts by telling us where she grew up and how she was brought here. She said she was born in a humble house in Newark, New Jersey. She also said that she had lived in a traditional Cuban family and that she was very grateful for her Cuban ancestry. Narciso then goes on to tell us how she has a strong sense of togetherness and a growing sense of "family" in what she does. She said she grew up in a community where everyone was one big family. Finally, Narciso tells us how grateful she is to her parents and their love and sacrifice. Throughout the memoir, Narciso's primary focus is on her upbringing, her Cuban ancestry, her gratitude to her parents, and her own definition of true "family."
I think the emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. Through his memoirs, he talks about his parents' immigration, his new home, and the people who have been with him. It shows their love, and the selflessness of his parents. He paints his parents as caring people who seem to show love to everyone. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family," Rodriguez said. " They seemed to put others before themselves and were always with the people they loved and loved them."
Menoir's mood is grateful and grateful that @CAPS1 @CAPS1 will never forget the comforts of his home.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the author feels grateful and homesick. Narciso explained that he is grateful to his parents and all they have done for him. "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on their own cooking skills and love of cooking to me, and I still do today"
The atmosphere created in the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" made me feel like I was eating Cuban food and listening to music in their kitchen. In addition, he recounts the life of a Cuban immigrant. My grandfather followed the same path. He was a young boy when his family immigrated from Cuba. But he worked hard and became a very successful man. This story totally reminds me of him because I have some background and I know this "emotion" and it speaks to me. The memoir does show, "@CAPS1 @CAPS2". A man who had almost nothing came here and became a very successful man. In the end, the emotions he created show that you can accomplish anything if you put your mind to it too. In addition, it showcases the atmosphere created by a typical Cuban home.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of gratitude. Narciso Rodriguez thanks his parents for giving him a loving home at @LOCATION1. The author creates a feeling that readers should thank their parents. The sacrifice and love of anyone's parents (like Rodriguez's) are the things you should be most grateful for.
He is very happy. He thinks his life in @LOCATION1 is better than his life in Cuba. But he still lives in a house like a Cuban house
In @PERSON2's memoir @PERSON1, the mood is friendly. Anyone can stay in his house. "My parents were always open to the many people we thought were family and opened doors because they knew they would do the same for us." His parents were ready to take anyone because they knew they would too . Their communities have strong ties. "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, although not necessarily of their own kind, are clearly in need. Even if they are of different races, nearby @@ CAPS1 will also take care of each other. Being together all the time is his family's life. “Here, childhood innocence, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations form the living backdrop of our warm home. Reunion and celebration with family is the theme of their home. @CAPS1 Loved and cared for each other around the corner .
The mood created by the memoir's author is one of soft, flat, and repressed almost sadness, underscored by the hardships the Rodriguez family (the parents) faced in trying to give their children a better life. a little. While a little depressing, the mood is happy, to a certain extent, when the author describes in the fourth paragraph how friendly and welcoming the Rodriguez family was. But the memoir created a frustrating mood in the @NUM1 segment as these families struggled to move to @LOCATION1 and an explanation of what they had to give up in order to selflessly improve their children's lives. The sadness of the memoir and the memoir, the memoir produces a mellow, calm and serene mood throughout the essay.
@CAPS1 created @CAPS2 @CAPS3 in this story is a very strong and happy @CAPS4 @CAPS5 they @CAPS6 from Cuba to A @CAPS7 @CAPS8 USA they want a better life for the kids there to live them There and @CAPS9 why @CAPS1 is happy.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the mood to write is grateful. Two prime examples of Narciso's gratitude are his legacy and his family. Narciso is very grateful for his heritage and is a proud Cuban. I know this because in the @NUM1 segment he talks about his love for Cuban food, cooking and music, and how grateful he is for all of them. Another thing Narciso is very grateful for is his family. His family moved to @LOCATION1 before he was born so their kids could have a better life. They sacrifice a lot for their children, both socially and financially. In the @NUM1 paragraph, Narciso wrote: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Any sane person would appreciate having parents who did for him what Narciso's parents did. It is now clear that the main focus and sentiment of this excerpt from @PERSON1's memoir is that he is grateful.
narciso Rodriguez is a costume designer and author of his memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives. The atmosphere created in this memoir is a warm feeling that revolves around the meaning of family and home. In his memoir for @CAPS1 @NUM1, narciso said: "Passionate Cuban music fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Here, innocent childhood, gatherings of family and friends, and endless Celebrations that form the backdrop for our lives in a warm home." This is proof that the narcisos house is a warm home that has always been popular. The narcisos community is also close as family. In @CAPS1 @NUM2 it proves this, saying "Close up - building honest communities, hard working immigrants reaching out to those who are clearly in need". He also pointed out that blood does not mean your family. Like his surrogate grandparents. In @CAPS1 @NUM3 he proved that his parents were always enthusiastic - "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family because they knew they would do the same for us matter.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the mood seems to be both overjoyed and happy. His life at @LOCATION1 must have been great so far. For example, Narciso talks about his sense of "family" having nothing to do with blood. Plus, passionate Cuban music fills the air, mingling with the aromas of the kitchen. And the love and sacrifices his parents gave him to live a better life. But most importantly, the mood can sometimes get serious, like when he talks about how his parents turned his humble house into a home. Then, at @LOCATION1, he learned the real definition of the word "family", how to love and more. All in all, the memoir goes from ecstatic to very earnest and true.
In Narciso Rodriguez's @CAPS1, Narciso seems to have acquired a specific mood, a tribute to his parents, a happy and fulfilling mood. Downright hole @CAPS1 Narciso keeps thanking his parents for everything he did and giving up to have a better life for him. His parents gave up their jobs, their house, they left their family, their friends, and in return they went to @CAPS2 to give their son a better life, witch he keeps saying he What a blessing, what an honor for his parents who gave up everything all in all @CAPS1 @PERSON1 created a feeling of happiness and gratitude for his loving parents.
The emotions in Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives from the memoir Narciso Rodriguez are joyous and compassionate. One reason is that they never give up, no matter how hard it is. Narciso said his parents "driven them to endure these hard times," so they never gave up, no matter how hard it was. Another reason is that they are close to their families. "Both lived nearby and often ate with us," the authors wrote, suggesting their family was very close to each other. My last reason is that Rodriguez always wants to help. Narciso said, "My parents always have open arms and open doors," showing that they always want to help those in need. The mood in the memoir Narciso Rodriguez is happy and compassionate.
The emotions in the memoir are gratitude and happiness. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their wealth of cooking skills and love of cooking that still exists to this day (I will always have this Grateful." This shows how @CAPS1 thanked his parents for their love of cooking. Cooking skills and his eternal gratitude. Also, in the @NUM2 paragraph it says "I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a Start a family." @CAPS1 So happy that @CAPS1 grew up in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 is so grateful for passing on their character and love to him and all their hard work.
The author creates a heartfelt mood in his memoirs. The mood created by the author is a beautiful mood. In the memoir, it says "My skills and love for cooking still exist today (for which I am forever grateful)" which makes me feel grateful for my culture and heritage. This story also makes me proud. In the story it says "My parents came to this country with such courage". I am very proud that they want to leave to live a better life. Happy at the end. The story is happy because he learned a good lesson and he is proud of his parents and culture.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is a combination of calm, beauty and joy. It can also be described as heaven. Narciso mentioned that his childhood was like a happy dream. "Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home." He also mentioned how grateful he is to his parents. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." The final fact that contributes to the mood of this memoir is Narciso's view of family. "Growing up in such an environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood ties... In our community, although customs are different elsewhere, there is a great unity and friendship between all these cultures fused together". It is clear from this excerpt that the author cherishes this time and would love to go back.
The emotion created by Narciso Rodriguez is gratitude. Reading this, I am as grateful as the author. Although his family was doing well in Cuba, they left to give their children a better life. @CAPS1 The author's family hasn't left Cuba yet, I think the mood will be different. Then the author wouldn't think his parents were selfless (whatever) @CAPS1 My parents did it for my siblings and me, and I hope people appreciate it too. @PERSON1 how hard it was to understand his parents. Another emotion might be guilt. When I read this, I feel guilty because I don't always thank my parents or appreciate them. Narciso Rodriguez creates a lot of emotions in his memoirs.
In memoir, the mood, or how this article made me feel, is grateful. Narciso Rodriguez wrote this memoir almost as a thank you note. "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home. -paragraph @NUM1 Use words that express gratitude, such as "forever grateful" in paragraph @NUM2, or "forever grateful" in paragraph @NUM3 I will be forever grateful". Narciso Rodriguez describes all the sacrifices he made and all the hardships parents went through. He describes them selflessly coming to @LOCATION1 to start all over again so their children can live - paragraph @NUM4 .As I read this memoir it reminds me of all the things my parents did to make me @MONTH1 happy - so I can have a home.
The atmosphere created by @PERSON1, author of the memoir Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, is comforting. This is shown, for example, by his recall of childhood love in his family. For example, he said he is "eternally grateful" to his parents, who he claims still have "their vast cooking skills and love of cooking". In addition, he remembers that life is a neighborly life, treating neighbors and friends as part of the family with kindness and sharing. Narciso said, "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought of as family because they knew they would do the same for us." Also, when Narciso said, "I learned here. How to love...memories of it.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of humility. He loves his home. He loves the smells, music and culture of his home. In the memoir, he said: "Passionate Cuban music was in the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. The mood in the memoir was also very moving. He said his mother was very helpful and open to family members in need. He "My parents were always open to the many people we thought were family and opened their doors. "Example of @CAPS1 sentiment in the memoir is how he explains how close his community is. He says that all cultures and morals fit together well friends. The mood the author creates in his memoir is touching, humble and inspiring of.
In @PERSON1's memoir, the mood in the memoir is gratitude, friendship. The first @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 Narciso so grateful for the cooking that is still with me today (I am grateful for @CAPS2 which means Narciso loves cooking there and is so grateful. @ORGANIZATION1 shows that Narciso is very friendly with his parents and friendship" all These cultures come together in the memory of how @PERSON1 two @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3 Narciso @CAPS4 how grateful and friendship.
The author creates several moods. First of all, the author creates this loving family in a home that is cared for by the family. The author also talks about the relationship of their nationality from there Also in @CAPS1 where the family lives upstairs in the basement is almost everywhere The best example of what the author talks about in @CAPS1 is where the speeder comes from. As you can see, @CAPS1 is a great @CAPS1 that makes the word love have the whole family in it.
In the non-fiction memoir Narciso Rodriguez at Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author creates a mood of warmth, busyness and dedication. The mood is warm, because in the memoir it says "the gathering of family and friends and the endless celebrations that encompass both, form the background of life in our warm home". This shows that she is a lot of friends and family in this home, which shows that friends and family are together. The mood is also busy, because in the memoir it says "thousands of extended family members come and go—often there are people who stay with us for a while until they can get back on their feet". This shows that people are always coming and going in this home. Mood is also given. That's because in the memoir it says: "It was a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reached out to people, not necessarily their own kind, but clearly in need". This shows how other people get help when they need it, even if they're not in the same category. This is the sentiment expressed by the author in this memoir.
The author of the memoir is in the mood for @CAPS1 to be grateful because @CAPS1 told us how grateful @CAPS1 is for what his parents did. @CAPS1 thanks his parents for "immigrating" to the US so @CAPS1 can live a "better life". "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life, even if it meant leaving their family, friends, and the cause they love in this country," @CAPS1 said . CAPS1 is grateful that his parents did this for him. @CAPS1 Glad his parents made their house look like it was in Cuba where they originally came from. @CAPS1 said, "The Cuban feast is always full of air and smell, not just smell and music, but life and love." @CAPS1 thanked his parents for the "sacrifice" they needed to make. @CAPS1 is very grateful, @CAPS1 can't "express his gratitude". The author thanks his parents for everything they did to make him happy. That's how grateful the author is for what his parents did to make their lives better, @CAPS1 has learned what the word "family" really means.
The emotion depicted in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir is that of intimacy. The first way that the memoirs show the extreme closeness of Narciso's childhood is that "all cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship," a time period in which the many different immigrants usually do not think of each other comminicate. This shows that when Narciso was young, no one cared about race, and everyone in his neighborhood was very close to friendly people around him, regardless of race. The second form, the close bond between his literal family and his many neighbors, describes all of his acquaintances as "family," connected enough to show up on each other's doorsteps and be instantly greeted by Received and fed the meals the Rodriguez family struggled to obtain. This insight into Narciso's early life shows that he understood from an early age that "...'family' has nothing to do with blood" and that you should treat all your friends like family. Finally, and probably the most extreme way for @CAPS1 to develop extraordinary intimacy with their friends and relatives is to have their "...arms and their doors open to the many who we consider family..." This willingness to give The people they know where they live and the food they eat show that they are very close to everyone they know. Whether it's keeping its doors open, mixing among the many races, or considering nearly every family, the Rodriguez family has demonstrated an extremely close relationship with other humans.
The emotions created by author Narciso Rodriguez are very happy and uplifting. The whole story is an optimistic take on Narciso's childhood. The bad parts of his childhood are not written. He wrote about his parents being from Cuba and how some of his family came to eat with them. Narciso's memoir is a happy look back at his childhood. Narciso is very grateful to his family, especially his parents. They came to @LOCATION1 from Cuba to start a good life for their son. That makes the memoir begin in a happy, uplifting mood. It remains in the same happy mood as the memoir progresses. Paragraph @NUM1 is a great example of how the author created such a happy mood. Paragraph @NUM1 tells how Narciso's family went to their house to have dinner with them. Narciso is happy to be with the family. The best example of the mood Narciso creates is the @NUM3 paragraph at the end. Paragraph @NUM4 speaks of Narciso's gratitude to his parents. He loves them so much to come to @LOCATION1, to leave their promising jobs in Cuba and let Narciso live a better life. The final paragraph tells how the Narciso family turned the house into a home. This is a very happy paragraph to complete the story in a happy mood. The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez is very happy. The memoir makes no mention of the madness or sadness of his childhood.
In the article Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our life, the mood of the story is very happy and heartwarming. When she talks about how they have their own culture, live in the kitchen, and how they sit down to dinner as a family, it's in a good mood and wants you there. The different immigrants living nearby are very friendly and kind to each other and work hard to make life there seem nice and easy. I think how parents give up everything like house, food, Cuba and everything just to get their kids to go to good schools, to eat well, to have friends, to be close to relatives and everything just to make their kids happy. Having all those needs Do a lot of work, especially in another country. Another happy thing they will do is set the table with their landlord, eat good food, wander around and have fun. It's good to have friends and family who care about you and are willing to give up everything for you. It makes the mood happy.
Author Narciso Rodriguez creates an atmosphere in Home: The Blueprint for Our Lives. The mood of this memoir can be described as nostalgia or even some level of love (like loving his home, family, friends, etc.). The author mentions that "endless celebrations ... form the living background of our warm homes." This helps create the atmosphere, as the author is reminiscing about events in his home (in this case, they are very pleasant memories ) The author mentioned in the @NUM1 paragraph that during the racist time of @CAPS1, his community was so connected that people were like family. He even said: "Family" has nothing to do with blood relatives. "These examples in the memoir help to create a sense of nostalgia and also show the love of the whole community. Finally, in the @NUM2 paragraph, the author says that he "will never forget" what he "learned there about how to to love something. "It's also built on those two themes (because he remembers the feeling of love he experienced and learned.) The story will be nostalgic and/or love.
In the article the author provides a good mood. For example, he talks a lot about love, friendship and other related things. He talks about the difference between a home and a house. He wrote this to get people thinking about what true love is and what people really do for each other. He is a very good writer.
In his memoir, the internationally renowned costume designer "Narciso Rodriguez" gives the following definition of "family". In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez sets the mood of a grateful man whose vast culinary skills and love for cooking remain with him to this day. He also thanked his parents for their love and sacrifice, it wasn't because of their love and sacrifice that he came to @CAPS1.S, he wouldn't be who he is now. That's why he is a grateful man.
In memoir, "@PERSON1" from Home: The @CAPS1 print author of our lives created the sentiment that he was initially reluctant to move to @LOCATION1, but after living at home with his loving family, he loved It. Although he has to work and he is an immigrant, he is happy. The only reason he's happy is because he's with his family, which is important to him. He is from Cuba and immigrated from Cuba to @LOCATION1. The mood of the story is not happy, happy, sad. This is the mood the author creates.
The emotions the author creates in his memoir Narciso Rodriguez are caring, love, happiness and gratitude. These emotions are generated because Narciso loves his parents and his home. Also, his culture. Narciso has a caring mood because he cares about his home and his parents. He is also happy to have a loving home and loving and caring parents. Narciso is grateful for his loving home and his loving parents. The author created these emotions because they were specific memoirs of his life, and he felt all of them for the house he owned and the parents he loved. Narciso feels all these emotions and he will "never forget how his parents turned their simple house into a home".
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates an atmosphere of familiarity and intimacy. First, Narciso describes his home in his memoirs enough to give readers a sense of intimacy. There are many examples of this in memoirs. One is when Narciso Rodriguez said that "the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop for our warm home life." When Narciso wrote this article, It creates a feeling of home or intimacy. This is one of the many emotions that Narciso makes you feel in the second paragraph, and Narciso also creates a familiar emotion for many people. Immigrants in particular, "they came here selflessly, like many immigrants to give their children a better life." This is something that all immigrants and sons of immigrants know. So Narciso used this memoir to create an atmosphere of affection. Finally, in Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", they are a kind and intimate atmosphere.
In Narciso Rodriguez's story, a specific mood is created. For example, one mood is love. @CAPS1 family does everything for love. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says: "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they'll do the same for us." This line shows that the @CAPS1 family took care of Everyone, even if they don't have much on their own. Another example of a mood is with Narciso's family helping all the imagrants get back on their feet. Paragraph @NUM2 says, "They came here selflessly, as many imagrants do, to give their children a better life, even if it means leaving their family, friends and the country they love career.” Narciso’s family often helps the less fortunate. The atmosphere of the story is very engaging and peaceful.
There are many descriptions of the mood created by the author. First, he describes a friendly mood. In the third paragraph, he said: "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood." In the fourth paragraph, he said: "... Alegria (my nanny and first friend) lives above us. Alegria eats at our table a lot." @CAPS1, the sentiment is described as warm and family-like. In the fourth paragraph, he says, "Countless extended family members come and go..." In the seventh paragraph, it says, "I will never forget that house or its elegant community. ....." @CAPS2, it's a loving mood. In the fourth paragraph, it says, "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family, because they know they will do the same for us." And in the sixth paragraph, "I often express to them my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again," he said. In conclusion, the emotions the author creates are described in many ways.
In a memoir written by @PERSON1, he recounts how his parents immigrated to the US from Cuba so he could have a better life. He tells how he will be forever grateful for the Cuban culture that has accompanied him all his life, and the selflessness of his parents. The emotion he sets in this memoir is gratitude. When his parents moved from Cuba, they had his best interests in mind. The memoir also recounts their financial struggles. However, @PERSON1's family still found a home. They connect with people in the area and maintain a very close relationship with them. This gives @CAPS1 a sense of family even though his real family is far away. He's grateful for that because he'll always have his Cuban culture because that's where he grew up. The overall mood he created was gratitude.
In the excerpt, the author creates a lighthearted tone in the memoir. "Passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air and mixes with the aroma of the kitchen". This shows how well his parents knew about Cuban culture. Culture was an important part of Narciso Rodriguez's childhood and life. "Here, innocent childhoods, gatherings of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompass both, form the living background of our warm home." This shows that the author is trying to focus your attention on the culture of @CAPS1 and the house is relaxed and calm, which is the author's tone.
I think the mood created by the author is very warm, very beautiful, very happy. I think it's because he often expresses how his parents sacrificed a lot to fill his childhood with happy memories. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." In many passages, he explains how he admires their strength and perseverance in moving to @LOCATION1 from Cuba. I also say happy because he's glad his childhood was so memorable. "The innocence of childhood...an endless celebration." It showed me that he loved parties and loved being a kid. (Growed up in that family.) That's why I feel so grateful and happy.
The overall mood the author creates is gratitude. When Narciso writes about some of the events in his life, you'll notice that he talks about his family most of the time. He said you don't have to be blood relatives, what matters is love. Narciso mainly thanks his parents, who sacrificed his old life in Cuba for a better life in America. Their jobs in Cuba are great, but when they get to @LOCATION1 they have to find any job they can get. Not only did Narciso's family teach him how to love, he also learned the true definition of family. It can be seen how brave his parents are to turn the humble house they once owned into his home.
At Memoir House: A Blueprint for Our Lives. Her mood is love because she loves all the sacrifices her parents made for them just so that NARCISCO can live a better life, for example, "I will always be grateful for my parents' love and sacrifice." What she meant Yes, she will be forever grateful for what her parents did for her during her childhood to make her who she is now. Another example, "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." She meant her parents sacrificed to turn a @NUM1 room apartment into her home.
Narciso Rodriguez creates a strong sense of joy and gratitude in his memoirs. One way he does this is by thanking his parents for passing on their cooking skills to him. He said in his memoir that he was "eternally grateful" and still loved cooking. Another way he sets this mood is by explaining how good his community is. He said all the different cultures came together in solidarity and friendship and everyone was working hard. The third way he does it is by saying how awesome his parents are. He said he was grateful for their love and sacrifice. Their strength and perseverance, and their courage. Narciso Rodriguez expresses a feeling of joy and gratitude in his memoir.
The emotions that Narciso Rodriguez creates in his memoir are very positive and warm, expressing gratitude and preaching the true definition of family. An example of his gratitude to his parents: "Both my parents shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me a wealth of cooking skills and a love of cooking that I still do today (this I'm forever grateful)." Narciso described his feelings about true family in the @NUM1 segment, saying, "Growing up in this environment made me feel deeply that 'family' has nothing to do with blood. ” Narciso describes how his parents came to @LOCATION1 very bravely without any prior knowledge of culture or language. He expressed his huge thanks to his parents for coming to @LOCATION1, leaving behind everything they know and giving him a better life. He described his neighbors as a true family, eating big dinners together and helping each other in times of need "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice...they did something braver than me. More could have been done...I think about them over and over. But really, I cannot express how grateful I am for the spirit of generosity that left me at such a young age and the testament to the importance of family and friends. " The mood of the memoir really demonstrates the importance of family, love, warmth and gratitude.
This is the mood created by the author in this memoir. In this memoir, the author says "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". One reason this describes the author's mood is that it shows that, of all the good times he spent with his family, they gave him the experience of a lifetime. Another reason this shows the author's mood is that now that his parents are dead and he misses them, his only memory of them is the house he calls home. This is how the author describes his mood in this memoir.
In excerpting from his own Narciso Rodriguez: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author sets a very great and loving tone. For example, in the paragraph @NUM1 Narciso says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Narciso's parents left everything they ever had to make his life easier. The whole excerpt is in thanks to them. Also, end with "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" in @NUM2 Narciso's paragraph. This sentence shows how much he loves them. He could have had a big house where his family lived, but it wouldn't be home. Instead, he has a small house where everyone can share things. He could really call it home. In the excerpt Narciso Rodriguez, the author sets the tone of gratitude and love. I can understand this story because it reminds me of my family.
The mood created by the author is one of gratitude. It was grateful because the boy kept talking about how grateful he was for all the things he had. Another reason why the mood is grateful is because people nearby will gather together, eat each other, visit each other, and help each other. I know this feeling is grateful because it says in the @NUM1 paragraph: "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents."
The emotion the author creates in the memoir is talking about the boy's life and his parents and how they make a living and what they are and how they are kind to other people...I think the author's emotion will be like joy.. .nice, caring, not rude. It's all about care, love, happiness.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author emphasizes the importance of family. The atmosphere created by Narciso Rodriguez is one of comfort, intimacy and warmth. He said he knew from a young age that "family has nothing to do with blood". He said his family welcomed everyone. Strangers, neighbors and extended families in need. He created a feeling of love when he said he lived in a "close-knit community." He also said: "These cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1, when @PERSON2 said "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home", you You can feel his appreciation and feel the comforting atmosphere. That's the emotion I felt when I read Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs.
In Narciso Rodriguez's "Memories of Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives," he's in a great mood. You can tell he's telling the truth, he's very sensible. "My parents created our traditional Cuban house with the kitchen at its heart", he said in @NUM1 line @NUM2 paragraph. In @NUM2 line @NUM4 paragraph, he said "This is a tight-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who reach out to those who, though not necessarily of their own kind, clearly need help. Or when He told us his first friend was his nanny @PERSON2, also his landowner daughter. Narciso Rodriguez told us how his parents "always opened their arms and doors to the many people we consider family. In line @NUM5 at line @NUM6. In a paragraph on the second line of @NUM7 he tells us how his parents "came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to provide a better life for their children," even if it did mean leaving their loved ones and what they love. In the last words he remembers, he said, "I will never forget how my parents turned a humble house into a home." The last words of Narciso Rodriguez, you know what he said about His own words are sensitive, and he will never thank his parents for what he has done for him.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is a very satisfying mood. The author also uses a satisfying tone, especially when the author explains what a family is. It has a very satisfying mood as the memoir comes to a close, partly because it's nearing the end and they're closing the memoir and also explaining what family is. The mood of the memoir is also interesting because the author uses information from the life of Narciso Rodriguez to help explain what a family is. The mood created by the author in his memoirs is very satisfying and interesting.
In this memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez by The blue prints of Our Lives, the author sets a deep and powerful mood for the scene. Through this memoir, we are delighted as he explains his culture, such as passages ( @NUM1) "Here, the innocence of childhood, the gathering of family and friends, and the endless celebrations, form the background of life in our warm homes. "@CAPS1 author fills our hearts with warm words. For example in the paragraph (@NUM2) it says: "But really, I can't express the generosity I am so impressed with at such a young age Spiritual gratitude. And @CAPS2 this author uses @CAPS3 to use more information to explain how Narciso feels about certain childhood memories. Like Cuban culture. Here are three examples of how the author sets emotions in this memoir.
The mood the author creates in this memoir is one of gratitude and fond memories. Narcisco is clearly grateful to his parents for teaching him how to love, and that family or friends come first. Narcisco talks a lot in this memoir about all the good family memories of all his friends and family coming to dinner, as well as the fond memories of his mother cooking traditional Cuban food while listening to traditional Cuban music in the kitchen. He learned that friends and family were there to love and spend time with.
The tone of Narciso Rodriguez's memoirs is joyous, with many positive feelings, memories and hints mixed in. Rodriguez sets the mood in the @NUM1 paragraph, and @CAPS2 describes the warmth, seductive and cozy feeling that radiates in his home. @CAPS2 here describes the "passionate Cuban music... that fills the air with The aroma of the kitchen blends together". This exudes a warm, innocent vibe that staged the mood for memoir @CAPS1, and in the @NUM2 segment, the mood is expanded so it also includes the homey feel of the house. Here, Rodriguez said, his "parents always open their arms and doors to the many people [they] see as family". In the end, this excerpt exudes a sense of pride and grace. This pride and gratitude of Narciso Rodriguez to his parents @CAPS2 used many words like "courage", "selfless", "struggle", "brave" and "hardship" to describe Rawedia and @PERSON2's actions with pride The undertone Rodriguez then spoke about @CAPS2's gratitude for his parents "for their love and sacrifice" (@NUM3 paragraph). Then @CAPS2 went on to talk about how much @CAPS2 is grateful for what his parents did for him. The mood of this memoir is joy, welcome, enthusiasm, gratitude and pride. This will make anyone long for a place where they too can feel the sensation circulating around them
The mood created by the author is a very loving mood. Rodriguez describes his @CAPS1 family life growing up in Newark, NJ. @CAPS1 describes the Cuban heritage of his parents building their home, including music and aroma, and the "endless celebration of both that forms the living background of our warm home." @CAPS1 said @CAPS1 is a family feeling" grown up. His community is unlike much of @LOCATION2 because "all these cultures [Spain, Cuba, Italy] come together in great solidarity and friendship." @CAPS1 by explaining their hard work through financial and personal hardships Work to show love for your parents. "@CAPS1 said @CAPS1 is learning the true definition of family through parents, so grateful. "I will forever be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
The mood of this story is joyful, he paints a picture with words from @NUM1, @NUM2, @NUM3 + @CAPS1, he speaks of the extreme unity and happiness of his family neighbors and family. He also showed how happy he was and how grateful he was to his parents. He drew a picture with the words in @NUM1, @NUM2, @NUM3 @CAPS1, he said my parents are from Cuba, come here, I was born in a humble house in Jersey. In my house, there is great Cuban music and cooking, we always have family coming over and he paints a nice soothing picture. In the story, he also speaks of the unity of his neighbors, who were largely made up of Spanish immigrants. He talked about this in @CAPS1 @NUM3, @NUM8. It shows how happy he is. In many parts of the story, he also says how grateful he is to his parents and how courageous the trip must have been. As you can see, the mood of this story is grateful and happy.
The mood of the memoir is happy. @PERSON1 talks about her wonderful childhood. She talks about the selflessness of her parents towards her. Emotions settled as @PERSON1's parents helped others get back on their feet. Also talking about how people have dinner with @PERSON1's family. She also recounts how she has a family that isn't exactly blood, but who care about each other like family. Narciso's tone of voice was also very pleasant.
The narrator is describing his life growing up. How his parents cook in the kitchen and play Cuban music. How great things are. He tried to create a warm happy mood by describing how his parents tried to help people and did their best. Show the greatness of life when you are barely yourself.
The mood created by the author is @CAPS1. I @CAPS5 this is because you can tell the narrator doesn't take anything for granted. I know this because @CAPS2's parents got a house, and since @CAPS8 is part of the family, it is her responsibility to make that house her parents' home as much as possible. I know this because it's @CAPS7 in @CAPS3 @NUM1 and @NUM2. The author also gave @CAPS4's mood in this memoir. I @CAPS5 this is because in @CAPS3 @NUM1 and @NUM4 it @CAPS7 @CAPS8 is Cuban and Italian from Newark, NJ, @CAPS8 seems to be who @CAPS4 @CAPS8 is and where @CAPS12 is from. I know this is all true because it's all in the text.
In the story, Narciso Rodriguez, the author set a certain mood after @CAPS1 described the hardships his family faced to make his life better. It means keeping their family, friends and career in the country they love. " @CAPS1 thanks @CAPS1 for what he has and thanks his parents for what he has done for him. This creates a happy mood as @CAPS1 is happy with what @CAPS1 has and won't give anything to replace it. In the @NUM1 segment, Narciso Rodriguez creates a nostalgic mood as @CAPS1 is talking to his family about his childhood and past. @CAPS1 also explains: "My parents always Many of us who we consider to be family open their arms and open their doors. " This creates a warm and friendly mood, knowing that his parents were friendly and generous. Narciso Rodriguez's story brings many emotions to the reader.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is happy. it seems to be like this. Looks like he's happy. How could he be unhappy? That is the mood created by the author in his memoirs.
Based on the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" by Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates an atmosphere throughout the memoir. The mood is happy, because Narciso is satisfied with his life. An example of Narciso's happiness is his home. Good mood when @CAPS1 talks about apartment @CAPS1 growing up. Although his parents didn't make him feel comfortable. They try to make it look as Cuban as possible. Narciso loves his apartment, even if it's not Cuba. In the second paragraph, "Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home." @CAPS1 is happy with the apartment because his parents made him feel like home in Cuba. Another example of Narciso's happiness is being with his family. Narciso recounted how his friends looked like family. In the 4th paragraph "Our landlord and his daughter...did the same for us." Even though people are not blood related to him @CAPS1 is still happy with them. Finally, according to the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" in "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives", the author creates a happy mood. This mood was created because Narciso is happy with @CAPS1's life.
In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez From Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the author sets the mood of sadness in this memoir. The author describes an example of his neighbor's sadness. "Our community is mostly made up of Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants," the author describes his neighbors. (@NUM1) The show they live in a run-down neighborhood as most immigrants arrive at @LOCATION1 poor. @CAPS1 example is when he describes his family. "There are often people who stay with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet," the authors say. (@NUM2) This shows the poverty they live in as they have to shelter those who cannot afford it. Describing the last way his parents sacrificed, the author said: "Belief that it will lead to better times for them and their children, which motivates them to endure these difficult times". (@NUM3) It's a sad mood because it shows how their @CAPS2 was beaten and they didn't have a very happy time. That's why I think the tone of this memoir is sad.
The mood of this memoir is very happy and peaceful. @CAPS1 seems like a very happy guy. "I'm forever grateful for that." @CAPS1 and his parents let any "family" in.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is love and friendship. In the memoir, they talk about family and how they love each other. Another mood created by the author is happiness. The memoir is uplifting and cheerful. These are the two emotions that the author reiterates.
Based on Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a calming mood because the entire memoir is about loving and caring for each other and family. In this memoir, the author discusses his love for cooking several times. "In this humble house, it's the warmth of the kitchen, the Cuban feast that always fills the air with the scent of not only music, but life in love". This quote shows that the Cuban feast allowed him to experience life and love with his family and loved ones. "It was here that I learned the true definition of family". It proves that living in his home in New Jersey has helped him understand what family is all about. The final words that calmed the memoir were when he said: "For that, I will never forget that house or it was the classy neighborhood where I learned so much about how to love. I will never forget How my parents became so simple home became home". This quote expresses Narciso Rodriguez's love for his parents and home. After reading this memoir, this is the mood the author created in this memoir.
The mood that narciso Rodriguez creates is appreciation, or that's what I get out of it. Throughout the memoir, Narciso's soulful language and explanations of his life and his parents are constant and gripping. In the second paragraph, he uses parentheses to indicate that his gratitude is so strong that he cannot bear to omit his gratitude. He sets the scene with new experiences and inspirations, and he always thanks his parents for introducing him to him. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was braver than I have ever done..." p. @NUM1. He ends it in a way that can never forget how his parents turned the house into a home, and the gratitude goes beyond words
The author creates a mood of joy and gratitude in his memoir about how good life is and how grateful he is for what has been given him. The author writes how happy his house is with all the music and visitors mentioned in the @NUM1 and @NUM2 paragraphs, even if they are just a little. The author also paints a picture of how grateful and grateful he was for everything he was taught, sacrificed for him, and instilled in his life lessons. In the @NUM3 paragraph, the author writes how he learned that "family" is not just blood relatives, but all your friends who will always serve you as you serve them. The author also explained his gratitude to his parents for what he went through in the @NUM4 and @NUM5 paragraphs, giving a feeling of happiness and gratitude. Narciso also created a feeling of love for his parents and "family" he said turned his house into a home in the @NUM6 segment.
The author has created a very warm and seductive mood that makes you want to feel relaxed and comfortable. Here's how he created it. He describes the kitchen and how his family enjoys cooking and entertaining. He said his parents welcomed refugees in a house that created a welcoming atmosphere, and they were caring for their friends and family. To his family, the word "family" means anyone, and it's important to remember that because a family can be anyone. This is how the author sets the mood.
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is very happy and warm. The author talks about the gratitude of Narciso Rodriguez. Narciso also loves the home he grew up in. He also talks about all the people who live near him and how he loves them like family. His parents, both great cooks, taught Narciso a wealth of culinary skills and a love of cooking that he still loves to this day. His mood is very loving and caring, and his family and his adoration for them is the mood the author creates in his memoirs.
The mood in this memoir is one of great joy and gratitude to live in Narciso's house with such good neighbors as his family, who were close to him. Although Narciso's neighbors are not actually family members (like blood), Narciso still feels comfortable with them as if they were really his family. "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we consider family because they know they will do the same for us." @CAPS1 Immagrents are like a family on their streets. They all carried each other's backs and were very happy.
The author gives the memoir a sense of happiness, gratitude, and family. This memoir makes you feel like you're at the kitchen table listening to Cuban music.
Mood is @CAPS1. This story tells about Cuban culture. He talked about all @CAPS1 times. He has been celebrating Cuban heritage with his family. They will all come over for dinner. That's how he set the mood.
The mood in the memoir is peaceful and loving, peaceful because the story is completely devoid of combat. The story is loving because the only thing I learned throughout the process was how to respect and love each other. There are many examples of this in the @NUM1 and @NUM2 sections. That's the tone of the story.
Author Narciso Rodriguez creates a wonderful mood in this memoir. As I read this story, I could feel the love, peace, and appreciation that his words created. Throughout his memoir, he truly expands on his love and gratitude for his parents. Paragraph @NUM1 states: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Also, in paragraph @NUM2, he again mentions his parents and how they turned their house into a home. You can feel his awe and appreciation in his words. Also, paragraph @NUM3 describes childhood home. Rodriguez describes the feeling of the house as warm and elaborates on what he is grateful for and will always love. The mood of this memoir is very specific.
The mood the author creates in his memoir is composed of chance, love, and respect for parents, suggesting that the mood is actually peaceful. In his memoir, the author says he has good memories of his neighbors. The author shows how respectful his friends and family are by illustrating how cultures are formed together, helping each other, working hard to make a living, and also their children's future. The author expresses his gratitude to his parents for the hardships they went through for him and for dreaming of a better tomorrow.
This memoir created by the author is very peaceful and very loving. A huge thank you to his parents for everything they did for him. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." The author tries to get his point (the gratitude) to reach, not only the reader, but everyone in his life, but it seems that at some point he has lost his words . "@CAPS1 often speaks to them of my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I thank them again and again. But really, I can't express how grateful I am for the generosity that has impressed me since I was a child. Testimony to the family The importance of being friends." The author explains everything in a way that makes you feel the same way he is. He seems to feel the same peace, but with love and gratitude flowing through you as well. This is an amazing piece of work.
The mood created by the author in his memoirs is happiness, solidarity and caring. "The gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop for life in our warm house." The author says he loves his house and enjoys the look of it, "Family has nothing to do with blood relatives. . Saying that as long as you care for each other, you can be family. "A tight-knit community" shows solidarity." @CAPS1 puts families back on their feet. "Show caring. She loves doing it, and it makes her happy. That's how the author of the memoir creates a mood of happiness, togetherness, and caring."
Excerpt from the emotions created by the author of "Narciso Rodriguez" from home: The blueprint for our lives in the memoir is love, happiness and old memories of home. In paragraph 7 it says "...I celebrated my first birthday. In this humble house, in the warm kitchen..." This shows how much he loves his home, even though it doesn't not perfect. Also in the fourth paragraph, he says "..our landlord and his daughter Alegria - my first friend..." Narciso recounts his first friend. But the best tone to give the story is to recall what Narciso said "...I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home...". in the seventh paragraph.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is a happy and grateful mood. Why it's a happy feeling of gratitude is because he talks about his family and how they sacrificed so much for him. For example; "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it took their family, friends and the cause of their beloved country away from them. They Struggling both personally and financially, braving harsh northern winters, longing for the tropics of his homeland, facing cultural dilemmas." @CAPS1 The thing is he also learns what family really means. For example; "I learned the true definition of "family." For that, I will never forget that house, or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never Forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
The mood created by author Narciso Rodriguez in his memoir The Blueprint for Our Lives is one of joy and gratitude. This is because of the happy memories that Rodriguez described in his memoir, and finally expressed his gratitude to his family, describing the hardships they endured for him. The happy memories he described in his memoirs. One of them, in the @NUM1 segment, is when he says "The passionate Cuban music (which I love to this day) fills the air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen." @CAPS1, his gratitude to his family at the end Two paragraphs convey a feeling of gratitude. For example, in the @NUM2 segment, Rodriguez said: "I thank them time and time again. But really, I can't express my generosity that impressed me at such a young age and showing how important family and friends are ." @CAPS2, Rodriguez further conveyed a sense of gratitude by describing the hardships his family had to endure for him. Rodriguez thanked them by describing how selfless and kind his family was with an entire paragraph @NUM3. Finally, as he expressed his gratitude to his family for the happy memories he described, and described the hardships his family had to face, @ORGANIZATION1 conveyed a feeling of joy and gratitude.
In the story "Narciso Rodriguez", the narrator shows happiness throughout the memoir. An example of authors showing happiness is when they are thinking about cooking. They admire when their parents help and teach them how to cook. They will hear the music they worship as their heritage or background. "My parents both shared culinary duties and unknowingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking," the story says. When the author was still living with his parents, their relatives would come over Eat and have fun. Looking back on those memories, the author is happy. In the story it says: "Countless extended family members come and go - often someone is with us temporarily until they can get back on their feet." @CAPS1 For example, parents moved to @LOCATION1 when the author thought of them. They thought how lucky their parents were to be in such a good place. In the story, it said: "They came here selflessly, as many immigrants do, to provide a better life for their children, even if it meant leaving family, friends and careers in the country they loved. .
The mood the author created in his memoirs is very grateful. @CAPS1 thanked his parents time and time again for giving him something that @CAPS1 still values. First off, @CAPS1 thanked them for passing on their love of cooking and music, @CAPS1 said @CAPS1 was "fantastic" and @CAPS1 "loved it to this day". @CAPS1 thanks for how they raised him, show it by writing how much @CAPS1 still loves these things today. Next, Narciso Rodriguez said that @CAPS1 "will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 describes how they give so much to give their children a better life. They sacrificed their lab and chemical engineering jobs to work from the bottom of @LOCATION1 to provide more opportunities for their children. His parents left behind "their family, friends and the cause of the country they love". @CAPS3, they do it all, "believing that this struggle will lead them and their children to a better time, it drives them to endure these hard times." Parents sacrifice so much because they so badly want their children Live a good life, and Narciso Rodriguez is so grateful for that.
The mood created by the author in his memoir is to express his gratitude to the author's parents. He wanted to portray the fact that his parents sacrificed for the author's life. Narciso's repeated message that "family has nothing to do with blood relatives," but people who care for each other; Narciso's most important family members are his parents, who sacrificed their lives "to give their children a better life, Even if it means leaving their family, friends and career in the country they love." He said he would be forever grateful to his parents. He admitted that "what they did was braver than what "he" did". Narciso is actually very grateful to his parents for showing them the importance of family and friends. Finally, @PERSON1 realizes that home is where you live, celebrate birthdays and work, but mostly a place where everyone is welcome. A home is a family in itself.
The emotions the author creates in his memoirs are described warmly and emotionally. The emotion throughout this memoir is grateful. How his family passed on their traditions from the beginning. He is surrounded by family and friends who help him, living within easy reach. His parents gave up everything in the past just to give the family a better life. Sacrificed everything they had in life. Thanks to family and friends, his life is full of joy and happiness.
The emotional story the author creates is a proud memoir of his life/family and what others have done for him while living in an age of hate/racism. He is forever grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice. He is happy that people of different cultures/ethnicities treat everyone in the community like family during this time. The mood and emotion of this memoir is pride/love and care for others.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is courage. “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I often tell them that what they did was more courageous than I ever did. Another example of courage is 'they came selflessly, as many immigrants do It's about giving their children a better life, even if it means keeping their family, friends and career in the country they love. That's the mood the author creates in this memoir.
In Narciso Rodriguez's story "The Blueprint for Our Lives", @CAPS1 creates an emotion, and this is the emotion created. The first mood is the mood of her family. She used Cuban music to describe friends and family and the food here as an example of food and music "Passionate Cuban music...full of air, mixed with the aroma of the kitchen. Another mood is family and friends. An example of this is in the fourth paragraph: "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family. "Here are some of the reasons why @CAPS1 sets emotions in the blueprint of our lives.
The mood the author creates in his memoirs is positive. The author tells how his parents immigrated from Cuba in 1956 and how he was born in 1961. He never said anything negative about his life growing up in Newark, NJ. He mentioned how his parents loved cooking and passed that love on to him. He said he was grateful for it. He also mentioned that in addition to cooking, there is also passionate Cuban music. He described his community as "all these cultures coming together in great solidarity and friendship". As a final sentence, the author states that we "will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home".
In @PERSON1's memoir, he seems happy. He has a big family and friends from @CAPS1 and many fond memories. He comes from a very loving and sharing family. The atmosphere of the whole story is very exciting.
Narciso Rodriguez creates a mood - a feeling, rather - a sense of belonging, "home" and comfort. He recalled growing up in an apartment with “numerous extended family members coming and going,” and his life was filled with people from his community — cousins, aunts, friends. Narciso recalls that his parents "always opened their arms and doors to the many people we considered family" — and there was a sense of belonging. Cozy: "The innocence of childhood, the gatherings of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form the backdrop of life in our warm homes." There's also a sense of gratitude -- gratitude, so to speak. Narciso's parents left everything behind when they immigrated from Cuba to @LOCATION1 - as he put it, "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." And this - all of this - creates the feeling of "home" .
The emotion the author creates in this memoir is thanks to Narciso Rodriguez, the author thankful for the way his Cuban parents raised him when they barely started @CAPS1, the author thankful that his Cuban heritage family passed on to him. One of these traditions is a wealth of culinary skills and a love of cooking. @CAPS1 The author is grateful that his parents came to this country to give him a better life, even if it meant leaving family, friends, career and the country they love. That's what the author writes in this memoir.
The sentiment the author created was that they were immigrants and they had to adjust @CAPS1's lifestyle, but they still celebrated his first birthday in that house. They will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. This speaks to the importance of family and friends. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
The mood created by the @CAPS1 author in the memoir is a feeling of positivity and gratitude towards his home and his parents. In @CAPS1, the author said in the @NUM1 paragraph, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." The author once again thanked his parents for coming to @LOCATION1. Another example of the sentiment of the story is in the @NUM2 paragraph where the author says: "They came here selflessly, like many immigrants, to give their children a better life..." The last of the sentiment Example created @CAPS1 author, in the @NUM3 paragraph, he said: "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1 means he is grateful His parents sacrificed to come to @LOCATION1 but was also able to grow up the traditional Cuban way. He also said he has many fond memories of growing up in this home and how they stuck together with their multiracial neighbors through tough times together. This memoir has a very positive, happy and cheerful mood for the Cuban family.
This sentiment is displayed and explained in a number of ways throughout the memoir. The mood of this short story is happiness and a sense of family. The first example of this sentiment is in the @NUM1 paragraph where @CAPS1 said "Growing up in this environment made me feel deeply that family has nothing to do with blood." @PERSON1 showed that just because someone is related to another People don't have relationships, they can't be family. Another example of an excerpted sentiment is when Narciso said "My parents always held their arms and opened up to the many people we consider family and they knew they would do the same for us." @CAPS1 suggests, People who love each other like family support each other no matter what. A final example is @CAPS1's statement "I learned the true definition of a family. For that, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I've learned about how to love." @CAPS1 said He is very grateful to those who have shown him what "family" really is. In the end, this story shows the real family and how a house becomes a home.
I would say that the author's mood is happy. I would say this because he always has something nice to say. He never fought with his mother or father. He talks about how he is full of grace. He would never argue with his parents. He has been living a good life since he was a kid until now when he became @CAPS1. He will soon be moving into a new @NUM1 bedroom apartment. So that he can call it his home.
In this memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" from "Home: @CAPS1 in Our Lives" tells us about a kid from Cuba. There is a positive mood in this memoir. It says they leave family or friends at home until they get back on their feet. It tells us about the community he lives in. How many different types of immigrants are there and how they get along. Parents of children invite friends and family to dinner. Parents gave up everything from their jobs, friends and family so their kids could grow up in @LOCATION1.
The mood that the author creates in his memoirs is a good sense of "closeness". The author tries to let you know that home is not just a physical wall, it is a place where relationships are built. "A gathering of family and friends." It was important because of all the good times that happened in his home celebrating with his loved ones. The author tries to show love and affection throughout his home. "The air is full of not just music, but life and love." The author shows the love in his entire home.
The mood created in Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives is a very happy and loving mood. As stated in the memoir: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice". It means he is happy and loves what his parents do. It also said "I often tell them my admiration for their strength and perseverance". He loves his parents and is happy for everything they do. The last words of the memoir are "I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home". He is very grateful for everything they do. Narciso Rodriguez from his hometown: a blueprint for our lives, with joy and love. This happy and loving sentiment is expressed throughout the memoir.
It creates a blissful atmosphere, "but the Cuban music mixes with the aroma of the kitchen and fills the air." It shows what his home is like
The artistic conception created by the author in this memoir comes from the appreciation of the author's parents. Another mood is the happiness of "home" or family. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author thanked the parents for their love, sacrifice and courage. In the final @NUM2 paragraph, Narciso mentions the welcome that refugees who have just arrived in the country receive during their stay in their homes, "the warmth of this kitchen and humble house, the Cuban feast that always fills the air with life and love" makes her Learned the definition of "family".
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez," "Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives," the author creates the mood that his parents are loving and caring. His parents were loving and caring as they turned their house into a home. His parents were selfless and caring when they came to America. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice". It shows that his parents were loving and sacrificed for their children to live a good life. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says "they are struggling both personally and financially". It shows that they care about their family because they sacrifice something to fight and make their family happy. In short, the mood is caring and loving.
In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", Narciso's mood appears both happy and excited in the memoir. Narciso's mood sounds good because as he tells us (readers) about his life growing up in Newark, NJ and explains how his house is, he says how good his landlord and daughter are, the landlord's daughter Being his first friend, he also said his family and friends are very close. Nearby, all cultures come together in great solidarity (happiness) and friendship, despite the customs and practices of other places. His parents made the house comfortable, and at the end of the memoir, the author says: "I will never forget how his parents turned their simple house into a home, which meant he was never the same as the one he now lives in. Family.
In this memoir, I think the mood is warm and beautiful. An example of its warmth is how he describes home. For example, it says in paragraph @NUM1. "Within the walls, my young parents built a traditional Cuban home with the kitchen at its heart. It's a warm mood because when you think of a kitchen, you think of a warm room with an oven in it. delicious food. One reason it's a good mood is because all cultures get along and treat each other like family. For example, it says in the @NUM2 paragraph, "All our cultures have come together in great unity and friendship. Together." Good because there was a lot of racism at the time, and all cultures got over it. The last reason the warm and happy mood is how he appreciates what his parents are doing. For example, it says in the @NUM3 paragraph, "I often tell them that what they do is braver than what I have ever done." This is to say that he is happy that his parents left Cuba for a better life. That's why I think the mood of the memoir is warm and beautiful.
The mood in this memoir is very light-hearted and proud. The author shows that he is proud of his parents and his culture. He talks in a relaxed mood and loves everything about his family and culture. Feeling so grateful. He is very grateful to his neighbors and how they came together. He is also grateful that his family and friends live in his apartment. The author is very proud of his life and his parents.
There are many different ways in which authors create emotions in memoirs. First, he described his house when he first moved in. He said it was a simple house, located in a two-family house, a golden brick building. Second, he tells us how he should be happy with what he has and be great. He was saying that the word unity is a big word and it means something. Finally, he describes his hopes for his parents and family. He said "I am forever grateful" and "I adore it to this day". These are the many different ways an author creates emotions in his memoirs.
The emotions that memoirs create are great. I think it's because it's one of those words he uses over and over for emphasis. Narciso said: “…I am forever grateful for that. (@NUM1 paragraph). In @NUM2 paragraph, he also said: “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. "Narciso's memoir states all his thanks which is why I believe greatness is the sentiment of this article
The mood created by the author in the memoir is because of his love, his blood relatives, and his courage. Beginning with her love is like a part of her life. He loves his parents. For example, in the story, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 It means she loves every little thing his parents do. He also learned how to love people. Like her blood relationship, he @CAPS2 has nothing to do with it. She is from Cuba and came to the United States in 1956. He was also born in this humble house. He built a traditional home. This is how the author describes the mood, his love, his blood relatives, and courage.
Many emotions are expressed in the memoir. The mood I want to express the most is happiness. Narciso describes to us that no matter what happens, her family and close friends feel a sense of belonging to each other. This gives everyone mentioned in the story every reason to be happy and feel good about themselves and each other. In conclusion, the strongest emotion in the story is happiness.
In the story memoir, the author creates several different emotions to describe the story. The initial mood is extremely satisfied. The author describes the selfless care parents gave to their parents when they decided to move to @LOCATION1 to give them a better life. The author's last description of the mood is happiness. The author describes happiness in the story, and describes the feeling of parents making everyone feel at home. This is the different mood the author describes in the story.
In her memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives talks about the life of a fashion designer and the mood the author creates. After her parents immigrated from Cuba, Narciso was grateful. “I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice” (para. 6). Narciso is a big believer in his Cuban ancestry. When he came to @LOCATION1, his community was filled with Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants. All of this, he considers his family. He thanked his family for the support they gave him in his life, friends and family. His parents used their lives to show him that these teachings have always been the foundation of his life. Narciso is excited to come to @LOCATION1 and bring his old Cuban home to his new home in @LOCATION1.
The emotions created by the author in this memoir are very positive. The author is turning @CAPS1 bad into something better. Like when they had a tiny house, they turned it into a home. The people who live in this tiny house keep people with them until they get back on their feet. By keeping the old culture, these people make up the whole building and it feels so much better.
Mood is @CAPS1 in many ways. First of all, this @CAPS2's sentiment is @CAPS1 as if he's happy to emigrate to @LOCATION1, its @CAPS1 is also sad, "...even if it means leaving their family, friends and careers in this country , they love", another mood would be brave. For me, these immigrants are brave because I never want to leave my friends, especially my family. Another mood is good. "I will always be grateful for the love and sacrifice of my parents." All in all, there are many ways in which @CAPS1's emotions are in this @CAPS2.
In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: A Blueprint for Our Lives, the mood is soothing and full of gratitude. In his memoir, @CAPS1 said, "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." @CAPS1 is so grateful for what his parents did for him. @CAPS1 also said, "I'll never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home." @CAPS1 knows it's not easy, but loves how his parents managed to give him the best life possible. @CAPS1 wrote, "What they did was so much braver than what I did." @CAPS1 made the sentiment so warm and sympathetic knowing that his parents took their chances and did whatever made him happy Filled with heart.
Warm In the memoir "Narciso Rodriguez", the author creates this mood in a number of ways. One way the author creates this mood is by saying (@NUM1 paragraph) "The heart of the kitchen is the kitchen; passionate Cuban music fills the air. Here, the innocence of childhood, the reunion of family and friends, the endless celebration". This creates a warm mood as the kitchen looks like a very friendly place as people gather. Another way the author creates this sentiment is by saying "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family, knowing that they would do the same for us". (Paragraph @NUM2) These are the ways the author of "Narciso @CAPS1" created the mood in this story.
@CAPS1 sets a good mood in this memoir about his house. @CAPS1 means the house is a symbol of life and love. @CAPS1 states, "There is always life and love in the air, not just smell and music." @CAPS1 explains the mood with a Cuban meal. Also, when he learns that there is love nearby. @CAPS1 statement: "For this, I will never forget that house or its elegant neighborhood, or the many things I learned there about how to love." @CAPS1 shows how many cultures and countries are in the community as a whole showed satisfaction in a community dominated by Spanish, Cuban, and Italian immigrants at a time when blatant racism and apartheid were prevalent in @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 shows good positivity and generosity in this book, and it all starts with a Cuban feast in the kitchen.
The mood set by the author in this memoir is extremely fulfilling, as if to thank his family for allowing him to have such a loving childhood. @CAPS1 seems to miss it too. "I was born in this simple house" @CAPS1 said, "within its walls my young parents created our traditional Cuban home." @CAPS1 is comfortable in his home, @CAPS1 loves it. The excerpt seems to be a thank you to those who live with @CAPS1. As said in the @NUM1 paragraph: "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." Excerpt from @CAPS2 @CAPS1 explains how caring and generous his family and neighbors are. "My parents always opened their arms and doors to the many people we thought were family because they knew they would do the same for us." The author recounts how his neighbors have been cooking delicious meals on their table There are many neighbors and blood relatives. The author has a close relationship with his neighbors.
I think the emotion the author creates in his memoir is love. I say love because to me he cares about his family and he also upholds his family traditions and he cares and follows them. He also likes to be with his family. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph of the article it says; "I will never forget that house or its gracious community, or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget my parents How to turn a simple house into a home. To me this shows love, which is why I think the author created love as his mood in the memoir.
The emotions the author creates are loving and joyful for many reasons. It's love because Narciso really loves his family and thanks his parents for giving up life there and giving him a better life, "I will always thank my parents for their love and sacrifice." Glad, Because the entire memoir is about family and friends, and he had a good childhood. "Growing up in such an environment made me deeply feel that 'family' has nothing to do with blood relatives. Those are the biggest emotions that this memoir portrays.
The mood that the author creates in his memoir is one of happiness and gratitude, because the author thanked his parents for providing him with a roof, cooking for him, and thanking him for having such brave parents. This is the mood of the author in the memoir.
The emotions created in this memoir are mostly for my family and love. For much of the memoir, the author talks about his experiences at home and his love for family and friends. My first example was when he said "Just like many immigrants, give their children a better life.". You can see the love parents have for their children. My second example was about family, the reading said "Growing up in this environment instilled a strong sense of 'family' in me. He's talking about how close you are. This reading is a great example . nit comunity and parent scracise. For their children.
The emotions in the author's story are joy and gratitude. It's nice because even though it's a new country, it has a purpose and lives by their culture, which goes from family to family. "My parents came to this country so bravely, without any knowledge of the language or culture. They came to this country selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even if this Means leaving their family, friends and careers in the country they love." Also happy because he saw what his parents did for him and for him so he could be happy. "I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice." "I am in this humble house, in the warm kitchen, where the Cuban feast always fills the air with not only smell and music, but life and love!"
The mood the author creates in his memoir is one of pride. The author is proud that he grew up as a loving child in America. He is also proud that he is still practicing his Cuban culture even though his family moved from Cuba to the United States. Another reason for his pride is that he has loving parents who wish him success in life. His parents helped him keep up with the culture by having family members come over. "My @CAPS1 Bertha and Juanita and my cousins Arnold, Maria and Rosemary... often join our table." (ph @NUM1) This line indicates that the Narciso Rodriguez family came to eat with his parents and him. The Narcisos gave up everything, including leaving Cuba, so he could have a better life. A life his family can be proud of.
The atmosphere of this memoir is non-fiction. Emotions are as Narciso Rodriguez speaks about his past, about his life in New Jersey, Cuba, Italy and Hispanic communities. The house was transformed into a home by his parents, his surrogate grandparents and himself. The house he lives in is a golden brick apartment filled with Cuban aromas and Cuban music. The mood went up (which was really good) due to the family's love of Cuban music and Cuban cooking. This mood is also represented by the family, a loving and caring family in a beautiful apartment building. The mood is non-fiction, happy, loving and caring, and I know this because "home" is so delightful in it.
Moods are created by the author in memoirs and specific messages for me @CAPS1 Moods are like things in the sky, that's why I @CAPS1 about Moods.
In his memoir Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates emotions of love, care and appreciation. Love is what they do the most because they basically call everyone family. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "My parents always open their arms and doors to the many people we call family because they know they'll do the same for us". Another mood is caring because they want a better life for their children. An example is "My parents had to come to this country with such courage to give their children a better life and leave their friends, family and careers in the country they love". This shows that they care about their children. The last feeling is gratitude. "The barriers to entry are high, my parents had to accept that they might not be able to get the jobs they deserved, and they had to start their lives all over again. These are emotions created by the author.
Mood created @CAPS3 Author Narciso Rodriguez in his memoir "Narciso Rodriguez" from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives is Love and @CAPS2. Love @CAPS3, his gratitude to his parents and how he felt at the time is shown in this excerpt. In the @NUM1 paragraph, he said "@CAPS1 often told them that what they did was braver than I ever did." @CAPS2 showed the way to @CAPS3 and Narciso described the house he grew up in. In the @NUM2 paragraph states, "Here, in the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and the endless celebrations that include both, form life in our warm homes." Love and @CAPS2 throughout It's all expressed in memoirs, I'll just give a few examples.
The author created such a special mood for this memoir. She @CAPS1 tells some of the history of how she came to @LOCATION1 but quickly changed it to look like her home. Narciso emphasized the importance of her culture, but more importantly her family and friends. She talks about Latin music, how Cuban chefs have become her home. She focuses more on her parents' gratitude than her legacy and family ties. She focuses on how her parents made the house a home.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. Safety is an issue for the spacecraft due to the highly flammable gas hydrogen. So if the spacecraft exploded over New York, it could kill many people in a populated place. Another issue is keeping the @CAPS1 removable so people can get off when the wind moves its rear end. The only way is to tie lead weights to the back of the ship, but this is dangerous for those below. As a result, the obstacles faced by the workers were always insurmountable, so they built the world's tallest soda fountain and tea garden for tourists in the viewing area.
He thought from the beginning that allowing the ship to dock @NUM1 feet in the air would be problematic. The main problem here is that the Empire State Building was built in densely populated New York City. Below the mooring mast will be several other buildings where others work and live. If something happened while his ship was trying to dock, it could have ruined the building and the lives of the people inside. Not only that, but there are city streets below, where pedestrians walk. In the @NUM2 paragraph, that paragraph also talks about the pressure on the heavy steel framed airships moored on top of the building. The framing needed to be very dense and expensive, as the project's architects discovered. Other safety concerns include strong winds that can throw the airship off course, as well as the safety of the airship itself. The passage mentions the Hindenburg incident and the building's owner's concerns about what happened in such a densely populated area.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that the airship must be secured by a cable tether. This would add stress to the building's frame to make the frame or sturdy, and modifications to the building's frame cost over $60,000. Another hurdle for builders is the highly flammable hydrogen used by the spacecraft. Since NYC is a densely populated area, this won't be great. The airship also had to be weighed down with lead at the back. To do this, lead blocks end up hanging above pedestrians on the street, a safety concern, and the final hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for boats to be on buildings or near the area.
In the "Mooring Masts" paragraph by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles in building the Empire State Building, allowing the spaceship to dock there. One of the reasons is that Al Smith (the four-term governor of New York who was in charge of building the Empire State Building after his death) made the tower tall...the building's height is 1,250 feet. But after nearly losing the title of the tallest tower in the world, he announced that he would wear a cap or hat on the tower. Another reason is that the tower is made for Dirigibles (airships) that can @CAPS2 people from New York to New Jersey. Smith wanted a place where the ship could dock. But it never happened, as the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, and on May 6, 1937, the owners of the state building realized that if it happened over New York, that accident would Could be worse. In the 1930s, the idea was abandoned after another spacecraft attempted a stunt. The Empire State Building never lived up to its purpose.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle they face is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. This makes it illegal to strap ships to buildings. Another hurdle faced when allowing airships to dock is safety. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. If a spacecraft catches fire in a densely populated area of New York, there is a good chance that many people will be injured. The final hurdle to face is "nature itself". The wind direction at the top of the Empire State Building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Even if the ship is attached to the mooring mast, its back will move around the mooring mast in a dangerous way. The Empire State Building workers encountered many obstacles in order to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The Empire State Building mooring mast was doomed shortly after its birth. Early obstacles were easily overcome, such as the problem of additional stress on the building frame due to the increased weight of the moored airship. This was solved by making structural modifications to the building frame, an expensive but fairly simple process. One of the biggest blows to the project was the arrival of the Hindenburg disaster. The Hindenburg disaster was the main reason for the decline in the number of airships. Airplanes became a safer, faster, and more designed form of transportation. Aside from the Hindenburg disaster, it soon became apparent that mooring and airships at @NUM1' or higher was not feasible. Rough winds would not allow the airship to keep course, and the boat would blow irregularly around the mast. The final nail in the mooring mast's coffin is the law banning airship travel in urban areas. These multiple factors can easily make future airship trips successful.
The builders of the Empire @CAPS1 building ran into a snag when trying to get the dinghy to dock there. The architects realized that they couldn't place the mooring masts on top of the building without modifying and strengthening the building's steel frame. The stress and wind pressure of the ship's load can add excessive weight to the frame, causing the frame to collapse. They reinforced the frame from the base of the building to the top, then placed the shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel towers on top of the building. Builders faced these hurdles, but they succeeded in accomplishing their goals. The mooring mast is not used as a docking station, but it is still regarded as the last piece that makes the Empire State Building stand out from all the buildings in downtown New York.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts", a number of complications arose during the planning and construction of the attempted butt mast. One obstacle was that the airship was so heavy that the metal frame of the building had to be modified. After restoring the frame of the Empire State Building, the @ORGANIZATION3 airship "Los Angeles" and the Goodyear airship "Columbia" had two test runs. The overdue result is that the wind, physically, does not allow the airship to dock close enough to the building. Also, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over the city" is an obstacle they cannot pass. After a delay of several years, the aircraft let The spaceship, as a means of transportation, has long been forgotten.
The hurdles facing builders are enormous. They explain how most craft other than @LOCATION1 use a different gas called hydrogen, which is highly flammable. Afterwards, they told @LOCATION1 how Hindenburg was using hydrogen in 1937. They realized that if this happened in an urban area, it could be worse. The Anthore hurdle they face is the wind. If the airship is parked on the mooring mast, high winds can move the airship and cause stress on the steel frame of the building. The biggest hurdle is passing laws. By law, no airship can fly at low altitudes in urban areas. This will prevent the airship from landing there.
The builder of the Empire State Building was a good idea. They want to be able to tether an airship or airship to the top of a building. However, there are many problems with this idea. First, the airship itself is not very sturdy. Strong winds can easily blow ships trying to park on the spires of other buildings. The spacecraft also started using hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is extremely flammable. The smallest spark can ignite an entire airship. The docking system itself is also an issue. The only way to keep the airship level is to hang lead weights on the sides. One concern is that a road might fall off into the densely populated city below. This could prove very disastrous!
The Empire State Building's docking zone was a grand and novel idea when it was first conceived, but it was too difficult to implement. Al Smith, who led the operation, was too eager to get it done. Plans to install it on top of the Empire State Building have failed due to insufficient time to study the risks and structure of the pier. Before work even started, trouble started to brew. This building can't handle the stress of @DATE's 1ft ship. Shocks to buildings can put enormous pressure on the foundations. So the roof had to be redone to make it structurally sound. In a few months, @NUM1$, the creation of the landing dock can begin. Life is precious, and the landing dock is too unstable and dangerous to use. Architects ignore the fact that most foreign products are made of hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is extremely flammable. In @LOCATION1, the Hindenburg, built with hydrogen, caught fire and killed hundreds. There's even a law that says planes can't be parked so close to the city. The idea was ostentatious, but due to the rush, precautions were not taken into account. The dock faced so many hurdles that the plan to erect it was eventually abandoned.
In building the Empire State Building to allow spaceships to dock, builders have faced hurdles. Architects were unable to place mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building. @NUM1 foot airships add stress to the building frame, thus causing architects to modify the frame. This will cost them an extra @MONEY1 to modify. Architects don't know if these modifications will help. Safety is another issue. Foreign spacecraft use hydrogen gas instead of highly flammable helium. For example, "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the situation could have been worse if the accident had occurred in a densely populated area. Like downtown New York." The architects also had to worry about @ORGANIZATION2 and the changing winds due to the violent airflow. "Even if the ship is moored to the mooring mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." @CAPS1 The ship landed on the open field and they were depressed so they wouldn't float away unless impossible Depress the ship in the air. They hang high above pedestrians walking up and down the street and are therefore unsafe. There is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area." There were two attempts to dock on buildings. @NUM2 was in December 1930 and the @ORGANIZATION3 spacecraft Los Angeles attempted to dock, but it couldn't get close enough to the high speed winds. "By the late 1930s, the idea of using mooring masts for airships and their passengers had quietly disappeared." Aircraft became the future.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to build this fantastic structure, one of which was ensuring that the pressure of the building from the spaceship would reach the foundation of the building and not the top or middle where it could collapse. As the text states, "The Empire State Building's steel frame must be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The building's frame must be modified beyond @MONEY1." @CAPS1 Buildings must be changed in a number of ways to Make it stable enough for the ship to dock. Another obstacle is the weather above the building with very strong winds and drafts. That means the spacecraft will only "hang above pedestrians on the street," and highly flammable hydrogen floating over millions of people isn't a safe thing to do. One obstacle these airships pose is that they have to put in all the time and effort to learn how to install the mooring masts safely. It requires people to go to professionals like the Navy to find the right way. The Empire State Building's mooring masts created many obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts. Al Smith was the architect and the man behind the Empire State Building idea. He and the makers of the Chrysler Building are competing against each other to build the world's tallest building. To make the Empire State Building bigger than the Chrysler Building, Smith intended to build what John Tauranac called "something for the age of transportation, which was only the dream of aviation pioneers." That dream was to travel by airship. The Empire State Building will have a mooring mast on top of it for the airship dock. It won't be as simple as this concept. Architects cannot put a mooring on the roof because it would stress the building frame. The biggest reason the mast will never fulfill its mission is for safety. The excerpt states that "most manipulables use hydrogen". Hydrogen is flammable. There is also a law "against aircraft flying too low in urban areas". After many attempts and modifications, the idea was shelved.
The hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to dock the spacecraft was the lack of a suitable landing zone. A mooring mast added to the top of the building can keep the craft there for hours for refueling or maintenance, and to get passengers on and off, and an electric winch is pulled in a line from the front of the boat and tied to the mast. The airship's body can swing in the breeze, allowing passengers to safely disembark and disembark, simply by walking along a flock of @CAPS1 to an open viewing platform. They consulted with experts at the Empire State Building and toured equipment and mooring operations at the US Naval Air Station in Lakehurst, New Jersey.
Marcia Amidon Lüsted's @CAPS1 The Mooring Mast showcases the thoughtful, clever but blocked idea of connecting the landing pier to the Empire State Building. The hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building had to overcome was that the airships landed with winds that were too strong and would whip the balloons like ragdolls. They will "have to use a plumb bob", which brings up another problem of questioning the foundations of the building. The weight of the building, as well as the weight of the lead blocks, can cause the structure to collapse. The gases they use "hydrogen and helium" make the balloons fly, but hydrogen is "highly flammable and cannot be used in populated areas". There are "current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". @CAPS2 is the obstacle and the reason "the Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose".
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the many obstacles left Empire State Building engineers looking for a new way to dock the airship. One obstacle they had to face was the steel structure of the building. Wind pressure and airship load cost company @MONEY1. Second, they had to design some special floors for the passengers of the airship. The first floor will be used to store luggage and suitcases, while a special observation deck will be set up for passengers to disembark and disembark. Finally, the building will now have 102 floors and needs to be very durable, so special materials need to be introduced and used to build the building. All told, engineers at the Empire State Building had to overcome many hurdles in constructing the 1,250-foot building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of problems getting their ships to dock there. Wind, actual docking, safe disembarkation of personnel, etc. . Actual docking is impractical and it is nearly impossible to connect the winch. Wind is the main reason for the fate of the mast. First, the wind was so strong that it was difficult for the pilot to get close enough. The captain of the Navy ship USS Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds. And even if it could be tethered, the rear of the ship would swing violently. So builders tackle impractical tasks
The first hurdle it faces is that the fuselage frame must be rebuilt to support the mooring masts, and the second is that airships from other countries use the highly flammable hydrogen gas instead of helium. A third reason that should have been obvious from the start is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The last reason is that the wind conditions at that altitude make it impossible for the airship to land there without a tail and sway in the wind.
The obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders as they tried to dock the spaceship put pressure on the building's frame. The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly 1,110 feet. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framing.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A major hurdle is the construction of mooring masts that do not threaten the structure of the building. The builders had to modify and strengthen the frame of the Empire State Building. According to the excerpt, "modifications to the frame in excess of $60,000 had to be made." Another big hurdle was security. At the top of the Empire State Building, it is illegal to land a spacecraft. At the time, the spacecraft was filled with hydrogen. If the ship exploded, it would threaten hundreds of people. Pedestrians on the streets of New York City.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION1 ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. "The load of the ship and the pressure of the wind must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is located nearly 1,110 feet below." Wind currents can cause the airship to drag the building because the wind currents are very strong. The weight of the ship and the pressure of the wind could cause the building to collapse. "Al Smith realized that he was close to losing his title as the world's tallest building and announced on December 11, 1929 that the Empire State Building would now reach 1,250 feet." Al Smith didn't want to lose his title, so he decided to let The building is taller. The taller the building, the stronger the wind flow and the more it affects the building. "Airships anchored in an open landing pad can be held down with lead weights in the back, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they'll dangle over the heads of pedestrians in the street, is neither practical nor safe." Airships should Land in an open area where nothing can harm the airship, citizens and passengers. The gas used in the @CAPS1 spacecraft to make it lighter than air is highly flammable. These are some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building had to @CAPS2.
While reading The Mooring Masts by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Empire State Building builder faced obstacles. It's trying to get the Dirigibles to dock there. Not to mention that airships are considered the transportation of the future. First, “one barrier to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones” (@NUM1). This sentence suggests that the spacecraft needs to find a suitable landing zone. and inability to adapt. Therefore, more area space is required. Also, "some are as long as a thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City" (@NUM2). There doesn't seem to be enough room because the spaceship is so long. It also shows how these architects will come up with a plan to do the job so that it can fit properly. So the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles. This is the lack of suitable areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced difficult circumstances and many obstacles in the task of designing a brand new Empire State Building to accommodate this new way of traveling. The builders were tasked with designing the top of the Empire State Building to accommodate the mooring of airships more than 1,000 feet in the air. The first hurdle is designing the landing zone. This is difficult because the required architecture has never been created or even tried before. The second hurdle was the need to ensure that the Empire State Building could withstand the pressure created by airships. Paragraph @NUM1 says "The stress of the spacecraft loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." The difficulty with this obstacle is that the steel frame of the Empire State Building has to be refurbished, which requires a lot of time, work, and over sixty thousand dollars. "The biggest obstacle to successful mooring is nature itself." With strong wind currents on top of the building, the airship is never very stable. There were a lot of pedestrians under the parked airship, so it was a very dangerous obstacle. Finally, the existing law for airships to fly at low altitudes in urban areas raises a new problem. Even with successful construction, the law would not allow airships in the first place! Airplanes are also growing in popularity.
When building the Empire State Building, the builders had some problems allowing the ship to dock there. Some of the hurdles the builders faced was actually getting the spacecraft to dock about 1,250 feet above the ground. Strong air currents and changes in wind direction also made it difficult for pilots to maneuver the airship close to the mast for docking. The final issue facing builders is the law that "airships fly too low in urban areas". (@NUM1). This basically means that if it's docked at the Empire State Building, it's too low for an urban age, which is illegal.
The idea of mooring an airship to the top of a building located 1,250 feet above the streets of downtown New York is a fascinating and amazing one. An idea to bring NYC into the entire "Transportation Age" (@NUM1). Unfortunately, this brilliant idea had some holes in the plan. Later, the architects who built the mooring mast found that their idea would not come to fruition. There are too many hurdles to overcome with this idea. The fact that "most ships outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@NUM2). If something went wrong, it would be disastrous to see the densely populated streets below them. Also, "the biggest obstacle is nature itself" (@NUM3). The wind was too strong to keep the plane stable and uncontrolled. The reality is that the idea of mooring a dinghy sounds great, but there are too many risks to executing the plan.
In an excerpt from "The Mooring @CAPS1" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS2 The builder of the Empire State Building hit a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. For a variety of reasons and many obstacles, the Empire State Building was doomed to never achieve its purpose. One reason is that most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. Furthermore, the biggest obstacle to the successful use of the morning mast is nature itself. Because the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent airflow. Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. Using them at the Empire State Building, they would hang above pedestrians on the street and would be neither practical nor safe. Another hurdle is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law would prohibit ships from docking on the building or even approaching the area, although two ships did try to reach the building, as the whole idea was abandoned. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many daunting obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One obstacle they face is security. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, most foreign spacecraft use the flammable element hydrogen instead of helium. In a densely populated area like downtown New York, fires would be deadly. Another hurdle for builders is wind. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says: "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." This will cause the airship's untethered back to sway and even "spin around the mooring mast". When the ships are parked in an open field, they can be pressed down with a plumb bob. It is not safe to do this in the open air above the Empire State Building due to pedestrians below. The final hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. In paragraph @NUM3 it says: "This law makes it illegal for ships to dock on a building or even approach the area..." That's why the Empire State Building's ship mooring mast never served it. Purpose.
According to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in allowing the spacecraft to land. One of the hurdles is security. The ball had to be close enough to the Empire State Building so they could tie the ball. This puts diribles too close to people. There is a law that says airships cannot fly to urban areas. There was a disaster in Lakehurst, NJ, and they tried to prevent it from happening in New York (@NUM1 paragraph). Another problem faced by builders is that the strong winds of nature do not allow the diribles to get close enough to tie to the mast. Builders had to face many hurdles, and it was ultimately not worth building the Empire State Building into a working dock.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. The steel frame of the building needed to be modified and strengthened to provide a place for the airship to dock. In addition, modifications worth more than $60,000 had to be made. The final hurdle for builders was that a thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of the building would add stress to the building's frame. It's not easy for builders to build mooring masts on the tallest buildings at 1250 feet, but architects achieved their purpose by designing the mooring masts.
When building the Empire State Building, workers encountered many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The ships attached to the mast and the building added extra stress, so the builders had to carry out rebuilds worth more than $60,000 to fix the building frame. The airship is also docked via a line from the front of the ship to the mast, and while they plan to allow the airship to sway in the wind, it is unrealistic for any vessel to be attached to a building in strong winds. Other obstacles they encountered in getting the spacecraft to dock to buildings were due to safety concerns, and the hydrogen used in most spacecraft outside the U.S. is highly flammable. The builders also failed to take into account existing laws that prohibit airships from flying so low in urbanized areas that it would be illegal to tie them to buildings. The task of attaching the ship to the Empire State Building started out as an impossible task.
There are many reasons why architects can't dock spaceships on the Empire State Building. One of the problems is that most ships are @NUM1 feet long, and there will be many. There will only be a single cable tether, which will add stress to the building frame. The entire steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced, costing more than $60,000. The biggest reason a mooring mast will never fulfill its purpose is safety. Most spacecraft from the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle to successful mooring is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. The rear of the ship rotates even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast. They were supposed to land on the open field, but using these in the Empire State Building is not safe high where they will hang above pedestrians
The hurdle for builders is the use of flammable hydrogen. Another is "the changing winds on top of the building due to strong air currents." The third is when the stern revolves around the mooring mast. Last but not least, laws prohibiting airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas.
The builders had to face many obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there, one of which was the wind. The higher the altitude, the stronger the wind. This will make it very difficult for the airship to get close to the mast accurately. And the structure of the Empire State Building. The frame is not built for the weight of the top of the building. Builders strengthen the framework with @MONEY1. These are some of the hurdles builders have to face when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. While the builders thought it was a brilliant idea, they didn't think carefully about the safety hazards they might encounter and how impractical the idea was. One of the biggest reasons mooring masts are doomed to fail their purpose is for safety reasons. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states that "most ships from outside the United States use hydrogen...and hydrogen is highly flammable." When a ship was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building We realized how bad an accident could be if it happened in a densely populated place like downtown New York. Another very practical reason why airships cannot be moored on top of buildings is, as stated in paragraph @NUM2, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas." This would make it impossible for ships to even approach the area, much less Said to be able to be tied to buildings. It is clear that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems in their attempts.
The builders of the Empire State Building seem to have turned a blind eye to all the dangers the mooring masts could pose. A huge risk factor is the high winds at that altitude. The airship will swing on the tether leading to the building, which could damage the building itself or damage the airship. Also, if the airship is moving, how will passengers get on and off? Whether they were on or off the airship, they could have fallen off the loading dock. Passengers could even be blown off the open floor of the Empire State Building. Another factor is the large population of New York City, and if something like debris falls on the street, it could kill some pedestrians on foot. I think architects consider all of these factors before trying to start a project.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt Mooring Masts, the construction of the Empire State Building faced many problems. One problem is that New York Governor Al Smith wants the building to be the tallest building in the world. In order to do this, you need a mask to break the record. Masks that make nature a threat to the entire building due to violent air currents. Another reason for the failure of the Empire State Building is that their laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law went into effect after a German airship caught fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. These are just some of the many problems that ships face as they pass the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. A 1,000-foot airship, attached to a cable, would add stress to a framed building if the airship was placed on top of a building. The building frame had to be strengthened and modified to accommodate this. Modifications over @MONEY1 must be installed into the framework. Some of the other hurdles builders face is safety. The spacecraft runs on flammable hydrogen. Another obstacle is the weather. The wind direction at the top of the Empire State Building changed due to the violent airflow. A final hurdle is the current law that says airships can't fly too low over urban areas. The idea of a spaceship quietly disappeared.
Although El Smith had expected the Empire State Building's mooring masts to be both unique and functional, the builders encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, in order for the building to accommodate the pressure of the airship on the building's frame, the building's frame had to be modified. It cost over $60,000. Additionally, the spacecraft uses hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. In a densely populated area like New York City, accidents can be fatal. Additionally, strong winds on top of the building made docking difficult and could blow the airship into the side of the building, causing it to pierce. Lastly, current law prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas; it is illegal for a ship to even approach the area of a building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many difficult obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. The biggest obstacle to using a mooring mast is wind. At the top of the Empire State Building, the wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents. The wind causes the rear of the craft to rotate around the mooring mast. Another reason airships can't fly over the Empire State Building is that there's a law that says airships can't fly at low altitudes in urban areas. This would make it illegal for the spacecraft to approach or dock at the Empire State Building.
According to the story, it all started when they built the Empire State Building, the workers should know that the building is too big for the wind climate, in the sky, and when you build something like this, you have to make sure it's strong enough to maintain balance. The problem they face is like the US trying to make a deal with them if they allow them to use the top of the building as a dock and have civilians on deck and then they make a law so that more airships can't land on the dock one The airship attempted to land on the dock.
The obstacle boulders face is that if they put a mooring @CAPS1 on top of the building, it will add stress to the building and they will have to modify the building to support the mooring @CAPS1. Another @CAPS2 they @CAPS3 are safe Most @CAPS4 are full of highly flammable hydrogen. If there is a fire, it can @CAPS5 @CAPS6 people because it's a densely populated area. Nature itself also seems to have very strong winds above the @CAPS7 A @CAPS2 building. Then their airships can @CAPS9 Low Above city area laws.
An excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there. One obstacle is that most ships are highly flammable. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "Most ships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." If a ship catches fire near the Empire State Building, the accident will affect the area due to the high population to many people. Another hurdle for builders is wind from nature itself. Even when the ship is docked, it still spins too much. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says: "...they would hang high above pedestrians in the street, neither practical nor safe." Another obstacle they face is the current law. In the @NUM3 paragraph, it says: "Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas." Architects have encountered difficulties when trying to bring their ideas to life. many obstacles. It is best to plan ahead and consider every obstacle before turning an idea into reality.
The builders had a really rough time because of where it was and how the ship was docked. Their first problem was that it was so high that it was difficult to work. Another problem was that the airship would pull into the building, so it had to be reinforced. The final issue that makes them the least reliable option is the wind conditions and the fact that the tail end of the airship can swing freely. These all make masts on the Empire State Building a bad idea.
From this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," the architects who built the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. Try to get Drigibles to dock there. One obstacle they encountered when trying to get the boat to dock there was the wind. As the excerpt states, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate..." Unstable. Another hurdle they face is pressing it down, they have to use a plumb bob, but dangling over the heads of @LOCATION1 people in the street is neither "practical nor safe". Overall, architects encountered many obstacles when docking airships, most of which were either practical or unsafe.
There were a number of problems with allowing the spacecraft to land on top of the Empire State Building. When designing the mast, they realized that with the weight of the ship, the frame of the building would create stress. (Paragraph @NUM1) They also note that other countries' diribles use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. (paragraph @NUM2). One factor that makes building masts out of the builder's control is nature. The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing. (paragraph @NUM3). The law is also an issue when one wants to build a mast. There is a law that prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. (paragraph @NUM4). Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles due to factors such as weight, gas, nature and law.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it is stated that the Empire State Building's top mast was originally intended as a landing point for airships (airships). What the Empire State Building faced was the enormous pressure that the masts put on the Empire State Building. To solve this problem, they placed frames around the frame of the entire building. Another hurdle faced is security. First of all, the wind on top of the Empire State Building is so good that any airship can stay aloft in mid-air without being tossed around. Finally, there's a chance that the airship could pop up on spikes over New York City, or explode with hydrogen. In conclusion, the mast on the Empire State Building looks good on paper, but once natural elements are added, the mast has too many imperfections.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle was modifying and strengthening the frame of the building. It said "modifications worth in excess of NUM1 thousand dollars must be made to the frame of the building" to accommodate the airship. After the modifications were made, however, builders had to face another set of hurdles, more severe than before. The first is "safety": the destruction of the @LOCATION3 Hindenburg raises fears about populated areas like New York. Another obstacle is "nature". Strong winds and draughts atop the Empire State Building made the craft "neither practical nor safe." The third hurdle is "current laws prohibit airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas". The law states that "it is illegal for boats to be on buildings or even near the area". The Los Angeles and Columbia spaceships tried a few things without success, and the spaceship idea died out in the late 1930s. These are the hurdles that builders face when trying to dock their spaceships at the Empire State Building.
According to an excerpt, @PERSON1's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked on top. The biggest obstacle facing builders is nature itself. \begingroup @PERSON1 said, "due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing," so it is not safe to park the ship there. The wind would cause them to spin around the mast, and it was not safe for builders to hang lead weights on the craft because they would hang above pedestrians on the street. Another obstacle preventing blimps from mooring at the Empire State Building is the law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas or cities. Current law makes it illegal for an airship to strap it to a building or just approach it because the area is so low over the city. @PERSON1 said, "Although two ships did try to get to the building before the whole idea was abandoned." @CAPS1 Due to strong winds and the absence of some moorings that should have been installed, the two ships failed to get close enough to tie up Good or safe delivery of goods. Due to obstacles, the spaceship can never be parked on the building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock their spaceships. The idea for the mooring mast began with former New York Governor Al Smith's determination to make the Empire State Building the tallest building in the world. When the Chrysler Building became the tallest, Smith is said to have announced: "...the Empire State Building will now reach a height of 1,250 feet" (mooring mast). While many were enthusiastic about the plan, many obstacles were encountered before the spacecraft could dock. The first problem is stability. If a thousand-pound ship was attached to a building by a tether, then it "… would add stress to the building frame" (the mast), which would allow the builder to completely alter the structure of the building. Another reason was safety. Most foreign spacecraft at the time used hydrogen, a highly flammable substance, rather than helium. Considering it could hurt everyone below, this could be a huge danger. However, the biggest obstacle to the future of airships is nature. There was a wild wind blowing above the Empire State Building, causing the back of the ship to spin. When builders couldn't find a practical solution to all of these obstacles, it was realized that the airship would not be left there for the safety of all New York City residents.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" written by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building should have faced a few hurdles before building the mast. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself," it said in "Mooring Masts," which are constantly changing winds on top of buildings due to strong air currents. Also, if the airships were tethered, their backs would move around, and the airships would be over the city with someone watching. Not safe for many people. "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas." It is illegal for boats to be tied to buildings and even to travel to such areas. These things should have caught the attention of builders, as barriers such as natural and illegal are at play.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. Here are three things I would consider. They need to make very difficult plans. Blimps and @CAPS2 could hit the building. Too high at first. Builders need to make long-term difficult plans. They needed to make the proper skeleton for the mast to fit the rest of the building. They had to change the existing plan to accommodate the mooring masts. Second, airships and @CAPS2 can cause accidents. Airships travel at NUM1 miles per hour, and they can approach the mast too fast and destroy it. Finally, the mast is tall. It is difficult for an airship to reach the height of the mast. Irving Craven said, "...the height of this height required the undercarriage to be pushed back to a later date." In @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. Blimps and @CAPS2 could crash and the mast height is too high, these plans are difficult.
Some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there were mainly weather and safety. In paragraph @NUM1, the author says "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow". This means that the airship will be difficult to control as the wind and air currents are always moving. Another obstacle they face is security. Also in the @NUM1 paragraph, the author says "Airships parked in open landing pads may be weighed down with lead weights behind...they hang high above pedestrians in the street... "@CAPS1 This means it's not a good idea to have something hanging over someone's head. This is not a good idea because if the weight is disconnected from the airship there is a chance that someone will be seriously injured. These hurdles are what the @CAPS1 builders of the Empire State Building faced when they allowed the ship to dock.
As Thraghat tries to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building, the builders face a number of hurdles. The first hurdle the picture faced occurred during the actual "build" process when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Because the mast, if simply fastened to its flat roof, would add a lot of stress to the building's frame, buldas had to rebuild the building's steel frame in order to place the mast safely on top, a very expensive and time-consuming process The project. Another hurdle that builders faced when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building had to do with nature itself. Because the wind on the top of the building is constantly moving, the rear of the boat rotates around the mooring mast, which is very unsafe. Laws prohibiting blimps from flying too low over urban areas have also proven to be a hindrance, as blimps can never really get close to the area. All in all, the builders encountered many obstacles in the process of building the ship.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there, a thousand-foot-long ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame. So it's a hurdle because if the workers are there, it's going to be a very difficult situation and it's hard to work on a building like this. Another hurdle I have to say is the wind pressure they are subjected to when the blimps are suspended by only one cable, which must be a difficult hurdle in very windy conditions. Having to retrofit the $60,000+ building frame must have been a challenging hurdle because they had to do a lot of work, which would take a while to complete if it was worth $60,000+. They have to do @CAPS1's work on the framework.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," readers learn that the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. In paragraph @NUM1, the reader learned that the architect was concerned about the airship's load and wind pressure all the way to the building's foundation. Architects had to strengthen and remodel the Empire State Building to accommodate this new situation. Architects also see problems with foreign ships using hydrogen instead of helium, as @NUM2 paragraph, "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." Biggest hurdle One is that the wind on top of the building is always changing, so even if the airship is tethered to the mast, the back will still spin. Later, the architect's idea of a mooring mast disappeared and was then used for observation.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. Some of these obstacles have easy solutions, but some of them are really hard. One obstacle they encountered was that the airship on top of the building was held in place only by cable tethers, which would put pressure on the building's frame. To fix that, they needed about six thousand dollars in modifications. That's not the only problem, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal to approach the area or even try to tie to a building. In addition to this, the most difficult obstacle that architects face is nature, which is difficult to solve and difficult to control. All these obstacles they faced led them to give up temporarily, waiting to see if more technology could finally make this dream come true.
When they built the Empire State Building, they faced obstacles to building it. One obstacle they faced was that they wanted to make it as high and safe as possible. The way architecture wants to make it the tallest building in the world is to place a mooring mast on top of the building. A mooring mast is basically a dock for an airship (airship). It's dangerous. This is because masts can break off at such high heights and fall on the ground or snap off and hang over the street. "...Government people in Washington are trying to figure out how to moor the airship to this mast," said New York's four-year governor, Al Smith. While it might look good, it's not the safest idea.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For one thing, the builders couldn't simply put a mast on top of the Empire State Building because the building was sure to collapse. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of the Empire State Building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". To change and fix this, modifications would cost over $60,000. Another obstacle the builders failed to see was the actual construction of modern ships. The spacecraft, "uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable". If the spacecraft exploded while docked, the situation in the densely populated areas of New York would be dire. In the end, the biggest obstacle to architecture is nature itself. "Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates in circles." This will be very dangerous. The ship can @CAPS1 pass pedestrians on the street, which means it's not safe at all. There are three obstacles preventing the Empire State Building from allowing the ship to dock there.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt of "Mooring the Masts," builders face obstacles, such as how the airship will stay on the mast. They weren't sure how to keep the spacecraft from spinning in the airflow. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." Another problem faced is the use of a ship in a ship Hydrogen makes them highly flammable.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of problems "that should have been obvious before they were built. One of the problems they faced was that many airships" used hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. "This factor has led building owners to worry about the safety of the many civilians who live in the heart of New York City. Another factor that builders face is wind" which is constantly changing due to strong air currents. "This creates problems because airships can be weighed down with lead on landing, but that's not possible at the Empire State Building; and many airships can't reach the building due to the wind. The last factor it faces is its opposition to having airships in the city." Low-flying law over the area. This "law will prohibit boats from docking at buildings or even approaching the area." "All these factors have contributed to the disappearance of the idea of using an airship "mooring masts for boats and passengers".
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's short story "Mooring Masts," builders must overcome obstacles. Building the top of the Empire State Building was difficult because the pier portion of the tower was unstable. Additionally, the building's frame could not support the airship, "an airship moored on top of the building, held in place by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". The designers have designed a new tower, which is a "shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower illuminated from within". The winch and control machinery will be installed at the bottom of the shaft itself. They also added an observation deck where more passengers were able to wait for the ship. Another problem is that there is a law that says planes can't get close to urban areas. All in all, it was a pain to design for them, and it cost a lot of money.
Although El Smith's goal was to realize "the dream of an aviation pioneer," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One such problem for builders is that the spaceship can add stress to the building itself. By mooring the large airship to the building with a single cable tether, the building must be able to withstand the pressure of the airship itself and the wind pressure transmitted throughout the building. So the builders were forced to strengthen the frame of the Empire State Building with modifications beyond @MONEY1. Additionally, ships from outside the United States pose a hazard because most of them are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. The risk of such an accident over densely populated New York City became apparent when a German spacecraft was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Not only that, but the high winds at the top of the Empire State Building also created a problem with the stern constantly swaying around the mooring mast, even when tied to the mooring mast; this proved to be a problem for the citizens of New York directly below it a danger. Additionally, there is an established law that prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas; this makes it illegal for airships to tether themselves to the Empire State Building, and further reinforces the impossibility of the builder's attempts to dock them there.
In @PERSON1's excerpt "The Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. Although spaceships are a modern form of transportation, they are very dangerous. As it states in paragraph @NUM1, "Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." This, along with the "vigorous airflow" described in paragraph @NUM2, are two risks that builders must consider. Builders need to discuss the idea of a safe way the ship can be docked there to make sure no one gets hurt. Another hurdle that builders must consider is the passing of the law "against airships flying to low altitudes in urban areas", as stated in paragraph @NUM3. The excerpt clearly explains the complexities builders had to endure and consider when building the Empire State Building. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
In this excerpt from @PERSON1's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The biggest hurdle a builder has to overcome is the ever-changing wind due to airflow. Another reason ships are not allowed to dock at the Empire State Building is that many ships outside of @LOCATION3 use very flammable hydrogen. So if there was an explosion like in Lakehurst, NJ, more people would be affected. Another reason airships are not allowed to dock there is because they can use lead weights to hold down the back of the airship as it is dangerous for people below Another reason airships are not allowed is because of the sharp spires that other buildings in the area. If a navy captain is afraid of his airship being ejected, no one should be allowed. The last reason is that there is a law saying that planes cannot fly too low over urban areas. Those who have obstacles that builders can never overcome.
Builders faced many hurdles in creating the Empire State Building. First, the height of the building is more questioned and there is a lot of talk about the top of the building. The Empire State Building's overarching goal is to be the future of the city, and they want people on board airships. Another problem is really knowing how to make the airship stable enough to stick to the building, and the big plane shouldn't fly back near the building because there are other buildings around. In short, they do face a lot of problems.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. One of the greatest safety. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1, most ships outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. Another problem mentioned in paragraph @NUM2 is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the ship is tethered, the back of the ship will spin around the morning mass. Another hurdle regarding airships not being able to dock at the Empire State Building is in paragraph @NUM3, an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. These obstacles made it nearly impossible for the Empire State Building to achieve its original purpose.
The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. Strong air currents cause the building to move constantly. This is neither practical nor safe.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many hurdles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One reason is that the spacecraft is not safe. That's because spacecraft from outside the United States use extremely flammable hydrogen. If the ship catches fire in a populated area, many people may die. Another hurdle for builders is nature itself. This is because the wind on top of the building is constantly changing, so the rear of the airship spins back and forth. They can only solve the problem by placing heavy objects in the stern, which is impractical and unsafe. This is because the weight hangs above pedestrians, so if one breaks, it could kill a person. The third hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas, so it is illegal to tie a boat to a building. The final hurdle is that the wind could push the boat up sharp spires, which could pierce the boat, so the pilot would not have access to moorings. These are obstacles faced by construction crews, preventing moorings from being installed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Safety reasons, weather conditions and government laws defeat the purpose of mooring masts on top of buildings. For example, many ships in use at the time contained hydrogen instead of helium, "Hydrogen is highly flammable...over populated areas." (@NUM1). Builders realize this isn't smart. Also, "the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing into violent air currents." (@NUM2) This creates a dangerous situation as the boat swings around the mast. Finally, the most obvious obstacle is government law that prohibits boats from approaching buildings. "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". (@NUM3) The whole idea of building on great things has slowly dwindled. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered these obstacles, and more, when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts," the many obstacles to building the Empire State Building as a docking station for spaceships are described. John Tauranac, the man who came up with the plan to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building, forgot something very important to consider. First, the entire building had to be retrofitted, because "a thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame" (paragraph @NUM1). The second issue that needs to be addressed is the safety of the city. Many "ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." (@NUM2 paragraph). If there was an accident like the German spaceship Hindenburg, it would be ten times as high. In the end, "violent airflow" (paragraph @NUM3) will be one of the biggest hurdles. The USS Los Angeles tried to tie up but couldn't get close because of "strong winds". (paragraph @NUM4). The obstacle that turned the Empire State Building into a mooring mast created too many obstacles to solve.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. Having a ship docked on top of a building is something that has never been done before. They even had to add more than $60,000 worth of frames before they could start building the mast. Then, once the masts have been designed and the building has been framed to level 85, the roof must be completed before the masts can begin to frame.
Builders had a lot of problems allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building. First, in @CAPS1 @NUM1, the authors explain that "a thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, secured by a cable tether, only increases the stress on the building's frame". Builders with this condition have to build buildings to make them more stable. There are also cases where, outside the US, they use hydrogen other than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and not safe for walking due to New York's large population. Seeing this, you can see that builders have had to face many problems from such a "simple" thing.
The hurdle to allow the ship to dock at the Empire State Building is so large that it should have been obvious before construction began. One main reason, security. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is very flammable, an idea that was rejected after Lakehurst's Hindenburg accident. Another reason it doesn't work is the wind at the top of the Empire State Building. Wind is great for ships to safely dock in the Empire State. There is already a law about airships flying too low in urban areas. An airship approaching a building would make it illegal. Thus ending the idea of proceeding.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1, the excerpt tells the reader a big question. It states that "a thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." As a result, modifications to the building's frame worth over $60,000 had to be made. Another setback is in the @NUM2 paragraph. It said, "The biggest obstacle...is nature itself." Because of the strong air currents, the stern will spin around the mooring mast. Tethering the mooring mast won't help. Lead blocks cannot be used. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it states, "Hanging heavy objects above pedestrians ... is more practical and less safe." All these obstacles showed the architects that the project at the time was impossible.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The excerpt says "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed." An obstacle that is somehow invisible is that "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium", a more unstable gas, and if the ship catches fire and crashes over New York, many civilians will be killed or injured . Another hurdle for builders is "the changing wind direction at the top of the building". This would make it very difficult to attach the airship to the mast, and as the excerpt says, they can't use lead weights that hang from the bottom of the airship, as they will hang from the citizens below. These are the problems faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles. These obstacles are not easy to solve. First, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate the "new situation." Another obstacle is security. An accident can cost many lives because it is located in such a densely populated area. The wind also made the whole thing very dangerous. Finally, current law says that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas.
The builder @CAPS1 is trying to allow the airship's obstacles to increase its speed. Another hurdle for builders @CAPS1 is the landing zone. The last hurdle for builders @CAPS1 is making sure passengers get on and off safely. As it says in the sixth paragraph, "Passengers can safely disembark and disembark the airship by stepping off the ramp..."
When engineers at the Empire State Building wanted to dock a spaceship, they faced a lot of problems. For starters, such high winds are too strong, as it says in the @NUM1 paragraph "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow." There are also ships themselves that cause problems as they fill up with Very flammable hydrogen, another problem is the air laws they stipulate that in urban areas the craft can't fly too low. It was these issues that undermined the idea that Al Smith's building could dock an airship.
In any public transportation unit, there will be many challengers, some of which cannot be solved. According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of obstacles when trying to get the airship or airship to dock there. Regarding the docking of these airships, they violated "current laws prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas". This makes the builder's program illegal. Furthermore, this is not only a hazard to the citizens of New York City, but it is also a hazard to the passengers and crew of the spacecraft due to weather conditions. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents," says Lüsted. This shows that safety precautions should always be checked on any project.
Al Smith's dream of docking an airship atop the Empire @CAPS1 building is interrupted by a harsh reality. The idea partially failed because it would be impractical to dock a @DATE2 foot balloon filled with flammable gas on a city building. The staggering size of this glimpse has created many problems. First, the winds on the top of the skyscrapers are strong and unstable. When LA tried to dock on @DATE1, it was very difficult to dock on a building that was seen. The balloon cannot be docked due to potential damage to itself and the surrounding city. Airships are also kept afloat by hydrogen, which is extremely flammable due to its chemical properties. Airships have exploded in the past, such as the Hindenburg. Engineers knew that a similar accident at the Empire State Building would cause significant damage to the city and the building itself. These impracticalities, combined with the use of planes rather than airships, illustrate that no airship would ever be docked on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts. One of them is that most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen to float, making it very flammable and unsafe. If the airship were to be damaged over New York, a lot of people could be hurt. Also, nature itself makes docking extremely difficult. The wind made the airship very unstable. If a rope is tied to the mast, the wind may wind the rope around the mast. Another hurdle is current laws that prohibit planes from flying so low over urban areas. This makes it illegal for any vessel to even approach the mast.
Al Smith and his team of builders ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked on top of the Empire State Building. The first problem with docking an airship is that the steel frame and foundation cannot support the stress exerted on it by the airship attached to it. Also, when the builders looked back on past spacecraft accidents like the Hindenburg, they realized that if an accident occurred, many lives would be at risk. Also, there are laws limiting how high airships can fly over urban areas, so it's illegal for an airship to dock at the Empire State Building because it's so low. In the end, and most importantly, according to the builders, the biggest problem with docking the spaceship to the Empire State Building is nature. Winds at the top of the building were very strong and unpredictable, effectively docking the ship in a disaster waiting to happen.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles when trying to dock the ship, including the inability to place a mooring mast on top of the building for fear that the ship's "single cable" would "add stress to the building's frame." @CAPS1 with The amount of @PERSON1 and the wind of the building frame will not be strong enough and will have to be "modified and strengthened". Another obstacle to trying to dock a ship is the wind. The building is high up on @CAPS1 and the wind is unstable and "changing", causing the rear of the airship to "spin around the mooring mast". The hurdle for @CAPS2 builders is that they are trying to build mooring masts in urban areas along with other buildings, getting close to the ship could be punctured and also a danger to pedestrians in the city.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple questions regarding the purpose of the building. The builder's first question was about the frame of the building. A thousand-foot airship held to the top of a building by just one cable puts a lot of stress on the building frame. Ship and wind loads will have to be transferred to the building's foundation, which is well below that. The building will have to be remodeled, costing more than $60,000. The architects made changes to the building to meet these needs. But the architects had another problem. A building's mast can cause problems that architects should have discovered before construction. The biggest problem has to do with security. Most foreign spacecraft use highly flammable hydrogen. There has been an explosion over New York.
In order for the spacecraft to dock on the roof of the Empire State Building, workers must complete a series of tasks, such as strengthening the steel frame and designing a sturdy mast. If the frame is not strong enough, the building will collapse. Restructuring the framework cost more than $60,000. Also in high winds, the mast will be very strong, otherwise the ship won't stay in one place. After the Hindenburg disaster, people realized how unsafe these ships really were, so the idea was not only unsafe but considered illegal. In short, no airship ever docks, and never will.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. First, the Thousand Feet spacecraft will be attached to the building by a cable, adding stress to the building's frame. Builders were forced to modify and strengthen foundations to address stability issues. Likewise, builders have to deal with changing wind pressures above @NUM1 feet in the air. The load of the airship swinging in the breeze transmits pressure and stress to the foundations of the building. This is a high-security issue and the key to determining that the spacecraft cannot be docked at the Empire State Building. In the end, builders were forced to face laws that made blimps fly too low in urban areas, making it illegal for blimps to even attempt to land on mooring masts. Builders faced significant hurdles, such as building weaknesses, security and law enforcement, that made trying to dock the spacecraft on the Empire State Building's mooring masts nearly impossible.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get their spaceships to dock there. Al Smith wanted to add a "top" or "hat" to the Empire State Building as a docking station for the spaceship. The dream did not come true. The first of many problems is to install the mooring mast, the docking station on top of the building. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." The airship can only be held in place by a single cable. The airship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way down the building. There are also security concerns. Many spacecraft use hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flammable. There was also a lot of wind around the Empire State Building. The spacecraft will have to hang sandbags with ropes. These will hang above the person below. Mooring masts are a great idea, but builders face many problems. The project was never completed.
While in theory the idea of a mooring mast seems feasible, in practice the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles when trying to get their ships docked there. The initial problems were encountered during the process of adding the mooring mast to the building. As stated in the article: "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. ...The steel frame...must be modified and strengthened to fit the new situation." This modification is to overcome connecting moorings Necessary for the barrier of the mast, costing over @NUM1 thousand dollars and a lot of time and effort. The second barrier that greatly affects safety is "nature itself". High winds on top of the building can cause the tethered airship to "spin around the mooring mast". Airships parked at airports could be held down with a plumb bob, but the idea didn't work because "...using these airships at the Empire State Building, where they would hang above pedestrians on the street, would be neither practical nor practical Safety." Issues like these created many obstacles for the builders of the Empire State Building.
In this excerpt, the builders ran into a number of obstacles at the Empire State Building trying to get the ship to dock there. Some of these issues include weather, altitude and the gases used to fuel the spacecraft. Weather is an invincible force. If the airship was docked on a building, the winds at that altitude would be more extreme and could cause the airship to swerve. The next contributing factor is height. In the excerpt, it states that the law imposes restrictions. If the airship is too low for urban areas, it will not be safe. At any time there is a risk of the ship falling and hitting buildings and pedestrians. The final hurdle is the type of gas used. Obviously, hydrogen is highly flammable compared to helium. This could also cause injury to passengers. In conclusion, the weather, altitude, and the type of gas used are all among the many obstacles the Empire State Building will face in allowing the ship to dock there.
The architects of the Empire State Building believed that if there were mooring masts, the spacecraft would be able to dock to the building. However, for this to happen, there are many hurdles to overcome. If a spacecraft were to land on the mast, it would put a lot of pressure on the building as it swayed in the wind. "A thousand-foot-long airship moored ... increases the stress on the building's frame." And due to nature, the wind can swing the body of the airship, potentially causing the building's frame to break and the building to collapse. Another obstacle facing architects is danger. American ships use helium, while other countries' ships use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. "...the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ..." The architects realized that if the Hindenburg exploded "over...a populated area" at the Empire State Building, their The Den Burg explosion would be the worst.  …”.
In Marcia Amidon's excerpt "The Mooring @CAPS1" there were a lot of problems when trying to add a dock to the ship on top. One issue or hurdle is the safety of the craft itself, "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." (@NUM1). Another obstacle is nature itself, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@NUM2). A final problem is that existing anti-French airships fly too low over cities or urban areas. "This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area." (@NUM3). Here are three reasons why, in this excerpt from "The mooring @CAPS1" by marcia Amidon, there are so many problems trying to add a dock for Drigibles.
Through an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, we learn that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked on top of the building. Some of the hurdles builders face in this engineering challenge: @CAPS1 Builders are challenged with how the Empire State Building can support the weight of these long planes. We learned about this in paragraph @NUM1, when the author said that "a thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building ... would add stress to the frame of the building." The steel frame had to be retrofitted and reinforced (@NUM2).” It was later said that the modifications would cost over $60,000. Another question for builders is how safe it is to dock airships in densely populated areas. In paragraph @NUM3, we learned that most ships are made of highly flammable hydrogen. After the "German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ...the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad an accident could get if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." " All in all, as will be learned in the excerpt from "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles in trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the top of the building.
The builders of the Empire State Building were unable to dock the ship due to the structure of the building, the wind that pushed the ship, and public safety. The structure couldn't handle the wobbly airship because the wind pushed the back. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. This statement shows how dangerous it is to place large, flammable craft over New York and the people of New York.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's The Mooring Mast, explains why there is a landing zone on the Empire State Building called the Mooring Mast. The first hurdle the workers faced was the lack of landing space at the top of the Empire State Building. This means the ship is totally @CAPS4 ready. To solve the problem of not having a landing zone, they would add mooring masts. The mooring masts were built with female workers who could hold the airship in place, but would put too much stress on the building. Workers used @CAPS2 money to build the building so there will be no stress when the airship is fastened to the mooring mast. After all this was settled, they forgot one thing, the wind. The wind was so strong that the ship could not move. Climb to the top of the Empire State Building. When the workers found this out, they gave up. Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 explains in an excerpt from The Mooring Mast why workers are trying to get a ship on the Empire State Building @CAPS4.
Most of the obstacles encountered by the builders of the Empire State Building were due to weather. If New York encounters a windy day, the spacecraft will pull up the mast. The mast is attached to the building's "@CAPS1" and it may affect the building's frame or "@CAPS1". Another reason is that it would be dangerous for New York as a whole. If the ship hits something or something goes wrong, the ship will @CAPS3 on top of NYC. With all the traffic in New York, you most likely don't want a burning ship falling overhead.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Builders cannot simply place mooring masts on the roof. It can add stress to the frame of the building. Another problem for builders is that hydrogen is very flammable. If a spaceship caught fire and exploded over downtown New York , the legal suite would be built. Another problem builders faced when trying to dock their ships to the Empire State Building was the wind at the top of the building. The winds are constantly changing due to the violent air currents, and these winds will make it very difficult for the spacecraft to dock. The final hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits planes from flying too low over urban areas. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. There is a problem with the height and height of Zeppelin. Even when they landed, its back would be moved around by the wind. Another reason is that on May 6, 1937, the Hindenburg burned down after takeoff. The witch means using hydrogen instead of helium is very flammable. All of these raise security concerns that need to be addressed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Airships are long; some are a thousand feet long. The airship is docked by electric winches, which are towed in a line from front to back. Architects cannot lower mooring masts on top of buildings. A thousand-foot-long ship supported by only one winch would be too heavy for a building frame. In order for it to work, it had to be strengthened to accommodate a thousand-foot craft. This will be a process worth over $60,000 just for the frame. Another obstacle is security. Ships outside the U.S. contain helium, which means it's very flammable. In the event of an accident like the one in Lakehurst, NJ, many more people will be injured given the dense population of downtown New York. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered other obstacles, proving that docking the spaceship was a bad idea.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the ship. One is that they've found a way to not destabilize the building "A thousand-foot airship moored on top of the building... would add stress to the frame of the building." Another obstacle is that the wind is too strong and the airship It is not safe to be on top, "due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." The third example is that it is too dangerous to put a ship on it, because the gas inside is very flammable, "Most ships outside the United States are Using hydrogen ... and hydrogen is highly flammable." The final hurdle that builders have to face is that there is a law that doesn't allow airships to come close to the ground in urban areas. So all in all, we can see that while porting a ship is a good idea, it's not a practical one.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem they faced was redesigning the building's original skeleton to accommodate the mooring masts. This is illustrated when the excerpt states that "modifications in excess of $60,000 worth of building framing must be made" (@NUM1 paragraph). Workers had to change their first design to meet the mandatory requirements for mooring masts. Workers also had to face the fact that, in general, mooring masts were too dangerous to use. This is demonstrated when the excerpt says "The biggest reason is safety concerns...Hydrogen is highly flammable" (paragraph @NUM2). Gases used by spacecraft used outside the United States pose a dangerous risk of accidents. Another battle that builders have to face is strong winds. This is made clear when the excerpt quotes "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself" (@NUM3 paragraph). The wind caused the ship to move so much that it was unsafe to use. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different hurdles when trying to allow flying machines. For example "the wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Because of the weather itself, they can't build the mooring mast. Another reason is that" using the Empire State Building they will be suspended high above pedestrians on the street neither practical nor practical It's not safe". It can easily kill people wandering around. In the end they can't be at the Empire State Building because "it's a current law that prohibits airships from flying low in urban areas.
Builders faced several hurdles during the construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building. The biggest hurdle is @CAPS1 Nature. Frequent wind shifts at this altitude caused the airship to toss around the mast, making boarding unsafe. Another hurdle was how they weighed the spacecraft in lead. It is risky to place plumb bobs at this height, as they could fall on the person below. A third hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This made it impossible for any spacecraft to dock or even get close to the Empire State Building. These obstacles forced builders to shelve the mooring mast structure.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered some of the following hurdles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. They needed a precise way to get everything to do the job perfectly. The entire build process for this job is complex and requires the best experts. In paragraph @NUM1, the quote from Al Smith greatly supports my point. "A group of engineers in New York are trying to come up with a practical arrangement, and government people in Washington are figuring out a safe way to moor the airship on the mast," he said. It shows how many people are doing the work. All in all, it's a complicated job. If the mast is even able to stay, they are not active. Nor are they positive if the liquid inside is only a problem factor.
In "The Mooring MAst" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it describes the real purpose of the mast of the Empire State Building. Builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the ship to use @CAPS1 on the mast. One problem they faced was that a spacecraft landing on a roof would add stress to the building's frame. Stress and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. This meant that the building had to be modified and strengthened. Safety is also a big concern for masts. Because the spacecraft uses hydrogen, it could catch fire and be destroyed in populated areas. Another obstacle is nature itself. The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing. This rotates the rear of the boat. Lastley was unsuccessful because airships were prohibited by law from flying too low. Before builders build all these extras for a building, they should take into account all the flaws it might have.
Al Smith is a very competitive guy: @CAPS1 One of the things Al has to go through is to compete with another building and he has to make his building taller than Chrysler's. On @DATE1 he will lose the title of tallest building in NYC if he doesn't make his building taller
While the idea of turning the mast at the top of the Empire State Building into an airship docking area is brilliant, it's not a very safe idea at all. One "reason" for airships not mooring the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying low over urban areas. The law dismissed the idea of a mast as a failure even before construction began, but workers didn't notice the law. Another added construction The obstacle to the difficulty is how much pressure is added to the base of the building to anchor the ship. This led to another @MONEY1 being spent trying to solve this problem. A third factor contributed to the idea of setting up the mast more difficult, directly From nature itself. The high winds above the ground made maneuvering the ship very difficult in such a small space. When "In December 1930, the US Navy ship 'Los Angeles' approached the mooring mast, but could not get close enough to moor due to strong winds.
There are many things in life that may seem like brilliant ideas, but in reality it has many flaws. One idea was to use the Empire State Building as a mooring mast for the spacecraft. That's what then-New York Governor Al Smith found in an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mast. In this excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face some serious hurdles to get the ship to dock: @CAPS1 Many of the blueprints for building the Empire State Building had to be changed. One thing that had to be changed was the skeleton of the building. If they were to dock, they needed a way to support the ball. The skeleton they placed put so much pressure on the upper half of the building that it would break. Another thing the builder has to deal with is the security of @LOCATION1. If the highly flammable helium gas inside the spacecraft, then it will endanger the lives of thousands of people. In the end, builders had to deal with drastically changing winds. It also put pressure on the frame of the building, where the wind was strong, and there were fears that it would blow the airship against the pointed mast and destroy it. Overall, there are many reasons why mooring masts never became a reality.
The idea of docking a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building is a grand idea. It seems that the dream of spaceship transportation is coming true, however, the architects are blinded by their excitement. The competitive nature of Al @CAPS1 not only pushes the building to an unprecedented 1,250 feet, but it also brings together transportation in new, stylish and effective ways. Not only was this exciting to the public and architects, but also great expectations were placed on the building. Al Smith didn't see all the obstacles standing in the way of his airship plans. One of the obstacles was that the sway of the airship would add stress to the frame of the building, and despite the necessary precautions, the obstacle heralded other obstacles to come. When the spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire due to hydrogen, people began to suspect. What if it exploded on a crowded New York City street? Additionally, an existing law that prohibits planes from flying too low over urban areas prohibits the airship program. The hurdles to the plan proved too great. Although these plans were only delayed in the late 1930s, the idea of a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building had faded away.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The builders of the Empire State Building didn't realize that building the mast would pose too many problems and safety risks. Regardless of obstacles, the mooring mast itself is problematic. According to the excerpt, one of its biggest hurdles was "the constantly changing winds at the top of the building due to strong drafts." This caused a problem because the spacecraft could go anywhere and not land properly on the mast and cause damage. Along with this problem, pedestrians on the street are also at risk. The airship "...can be weighed down in the back with lead" because it uses an open landing pad. Using these at the Empire State Building is not a good idea. Another thing builders should consider is that there is already a law "...against airships flying too low in urban areas". All in all, there are a lot of things a builder should consider before trying to get a ship docked there
According to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A major problem is that architects can't just put a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. Modifications are needed to get the ship to land there safely. The biggest obstacle is nature. Lüsted said it best in paragraph @NUM1, "Due to the turbulent current, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate the mast around the mooring. Build The final problem faced by fighters is that even if they did manage to find a way to put the mooring masts up there is still a law that would make it illegal for airships to land there. Lüsted said in paragraph @NUM2, "This law would prohibit The ship docked the building even close to the area...". Obviously, from the examples given, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock there.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were numerous. Nature itself disrupts the time frame of the building. The wind will change, and the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast even when the ship is moored to it. Another challenge for the builders was that the Empire State Building could not be moored under existing laws to prevent airships from flying too low over urban areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the moorings at the top of the building. The main challenge is created by nature itself. The wind above the building is constantly blowing and changing direction. This would cause any airship to try to sway side to side in the wind, posing a number of safety risks to passengers on and off Zipron. The spacecraft could also puncture the frames of nearby buildings when attempting to dock, also posing a safety risk to buildings and people on the ground. Mounting an airship on a building would also make it structurally unstable, so the building's frame had to be modified to provide more support. In the end, the idea was abandoned because it would never work and was impractical.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building were confronted as they tried to dock their spaceships. One obstacle is nature. At the top of the building, the wind direction is constantly changing due to the strong airflow. This will spin a boat dangerously. It moves even when it's strapped to the back. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the stern can rotate." Another obstacle is safety. Foreign ships use hydrogen and highly flammable gases. In the field, they use lead weights to save weight. If both were involved in an accident, it would be deadly. Burning spaceships or falling metal objects can cause serious damage at extreme altitudes as they land above densely populated cities. "Hydrogen is used on ships other than @LOCATION1...very flammable." "Can be held down with plumb bobs, but use these plumb bobs at the Empire State Building and they will hang high above pedestrians in the street." A law prohibits ships from Fly in the lower city, so if Moore works, it can't be used. These events led to the quiet disappearance of this idea in the late 1930s.
Throughout the voyage, the builders encountered many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. Al Smith's idea was to make airships a new form of transportation. The idea sounds great, the craft moves at 75 miles per hour and can move thousands of feet without needing to be replaced. An anxious Al-Smith, very unsure of when it will be done, said: "It's on the level, ok. No kidding. We're working on it now." The architect couldn't have put the massive mooring mass on the building's flat roof superior. Another problem is violent wind. The fate of the spaceship has faded. Airplanes became more suitable for passengers than spaceships.
According to the excerpt I just read, these are some of the hurdles for @ORGANIZATION1, one of the hurdles is the balloon because it's hell and it's fire too. Part of the obstacle is that you can control the balloon, and the three obstacles of the Empire State Building are the flat roof. These are @ORGANIZATION1.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem they faced was that they had to change and fix the building's @CAPS1 to compensate for all the stress on the building when the airship landed. After they built and built the landing, there were a few more questions. The first problem is that the hydrogen in the balloon is very flammable. This is a problem because New York is densely populated and has flammable substances overhead that pose a threat. The second problem is the ship itself. It can easily and will be swayed in the wind with ease, and unlike in the field, icy weights are not tied behind it due to the crowd below. The third and final issue they dealt with was the law: Airships were not allowed to fly too low over urban areas. The Empire State Building is too low downtown for anything to fly over it. Some of these problems caused the original idea to fail and left the Empire State Building towering pointlessly.
Airships, also known today as airships, were once docked at the Empire State Building. The Empire State Building was used as a spaceship (a giant steel balloon filled with hydrogen and helium, which makes them lighter than air). They traveled thousands of miles at a top speed of @NUM1 mph. "Al Smith saw an opportunity for the Empire State Building: adding a moor to the top of the building would allow the craft to park for hours for refueling or service, and get passengers on and off." As stated in the excerpt. The airship is docked by an electric winch that stops the big balloon from going anywhere and ties it to the mast. El Smith was successful in building the Moore because it was good for the ship.
Some of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the craft docked there was that it couldn't be attached to a cable tether because it added stress to the building's frame. Also in the story, they tell you how the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to fit the new conditions.
In "Mooring Masts," many of the builders ran into obstacles trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building. Many reasons have to do with safety. While the idea of docking a ship on a building sounds good, a lot of things can go wrong. The Empire State Building was a massive structure at the time, and although it looked ideal, the mast traveling in the "wind" was too dangerous for even the most skilled pilot. Also, most airships from other countries, like @LOCATION2, use "hydrogen" in their airships. Although airships are "hailed" as the transportation of the future, too many safety precautions have to be taken due to the dense population of New York City. For the airships of the day, they were a great means of transportation, but even if the Empire State Building structure looked good, they still had to be careful about the buildings and the people below, for Germany's hydrogen-filled airships for densely populated cities , which is not a good security condition.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One is the change of wind. Airships do have steering systems and can be tethered, but the wind can overwhelm these systems, causing it to lose control and crash. Another obstacle is the fear of another "Hindenburg" accident. On May 6, 1937, like all other ships, the Hindenburg (ship), which was filled with hydrogen (a highly flammable gas), was ignited and burned. Above the dense @CAPS1.YC, the death toll increases due to pedestrians below.
Some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their spaceships docked there were safety and nature. Safety is a hurdle because most craft from outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium, and since hydrogen is flammable, it's not safe at all because it could catch fire like the Hindenburg did in 1937 , so the owners of the Empire State Building saw how unsafe it was for the public and the building. Nature is another obstacle, as the wind flow at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. These are some examples of some of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered.
Despite high expectations for the Empire State Building, as Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's excerpt from The Mooring Mast explains, the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. The dream of having a mooring mast to dock a new airship quickly came to an end when architects first discovered that an airship held by a single cable tether would add to the building's reputation. As a result, "stresses from ship loads and wind pressure...will be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building...nearly 1100 feet below" (paragraph @NUM1). Therefore, the architects had to reinforce the building frame to accommodate the enormous pressure. Second, the owners of the Empire State Building found that the law on airships also became a hindrance. This law, which stipulated that airships could not fly too low in dense urban areas, became another practical reason why airships could not be moored on this amazing structure. In the end, the architects also discovered that the biggest obstacle to their success was nature itself. The wind on top of the building was described as violent, violent and unpredictable. As a result, mooring the airships to the mast "is neither practical nor safe as they would hang high above pedestrians in the street" (paragraph @NUM2). In addition, high winds made it difficult for the craft to approach the mooring masts. In December 1930, the captain of the USS Los Angeles was concerned that "the wind would blow the ship into the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would pierce the ship's hull" (paragraph @NUM3). In fact, the idea of using a mooring mast to dock a ship on top of the Empire State Building quietly disappeared. As Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 describes in an excerpt from The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in allowing the ship to dock there.
The top of the Empire State Building is not just decorative, not just a spire, dome, or pyramid, but the few feet needed to add to the building's height or cover.
The hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders trying to get their spacecraft docked there was that most of them used hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. "Another reason is the wind. The wind at the top of the building is" the constant movement due to the violent air currents. "It would be unsafe for pedestrians under the Empire State Building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted, excerpted from The Mooring Mast, the story of the Empire State being built as the tallest building. There are many ways in which the builders tried to get the ship docked there. In the excerpt it states, ... "Most spacecraft use hydrogen rather than helium (hydrogen is more flammable)". This @CAPS1 proves how it can destroy entire empires with fire. Another @CAPS1 described how builders faced when trying to get the ship docked there, when it stated,..."Hanging high above pedestrians in the street is neither practical nor safe". This @CAPS1 @CAPS4 is for the safety of people walking on @CAPS5 what to do if they get hurt. And finally another @CAPS1, which paints a picture of the hurdle builders face when they state, "...blow the ship onto the sharp spires of other buildings". This @CAPS1 proves that if a ship destroys the Empire, it's not the only building at risk, the rest of the buildings around it too.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's nonfiction article The Mooring Mast, it provides information on potential problems with the mast. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says "The steel frame of the Empire State Building must be remodeled and reinforced." This suggests that the building was not strong enough to handle such a heavy weight in the first place. Another problem is nature. Workers must let nature take effect. If they had an airship or blimp in there, the wind could damage the airship. There is also a law that requires bidders to fly so low. Finally, the worker must make the height above any other higher height. In @CAPS1, @NUM2 said "On December 11, 1929, he announced that the Empire...will reach 1,250 feet..." John Tauranac followed by saying "they say their tops will serve a noble mission." Builders have a lot to do with their height issues, framing and legal issues. They have to settle.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's novel The Mooring Mast, the Empire State Building's machinery faced the engineering challenge of getting the ship to dock there. One problem with docking is that the building is done before the idea comes to mind. The second problem was that the entire skeletal structure had to be changed to allow the ship to dock. Then there's the question of airships, how airships stay next to buildings. These problems were made more difficult after it was also illegal to let airships close to buildings. Also, if they crash, they are flammable and could kill people. These facts make it difficult for the Empire State Building to build the airship dock in Marcia Amidon Lüsted's novel The Mooring Mast.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the Empire State Building's builders run into a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. The idea didn't work because the spaceship was so heavy that it would put more pressure on the Empire State Building. When a building is under tremendous pressure, it collapses. "The ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1,110 feet underground." Another obstacle was the high cost of building it. "There had to be more than $60,000 worth of remodeling to the frame of the building." There were lots of places in New York that were packed. There isn't enough room for a dock. "Some are a thousand feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City." These were the main obstacles to the Empire State Building allowing spaceships to dock.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle they faced was having to modify the building's frame. This is because the pressure builds up when the ship is docked to the frame of the building. These modifications will cost more than $60,000. Another hurdle for builders was that it was too difficult to keep the spacecraft still. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." This is dangerous for both occupants and pedestrians on the street, and prevents the craft from getting close enough to tether. A third hurdle for builders is that current laws say airships can't fly too low over urban areas because it's very dangerous. While this might seem like a good idea, there are too many obstacles and dangers involved in having a ship docked at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the most obvious problems is that it has a lot of pedestrians on the streets in its urban area. They didn't want the airship to fly so close and didn't know what to expect. Another thing is that the German spaceship was destroyed by fire. They had to consider it would be worse if it was on the mooring mast, possibly killing people and destroying the building completely. Also, how much construction and funding does the Empire State Building need to accommodate a dirible. There were a lot of issues in the process that they didn't take into account, which is why the mooring mast didn't work out as planned.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem was that a thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable, would add stress to the building's frame. Therefore, to strengthen the framework, it will cost more than sixty thousand dollars. Another challenge is the pressure of the spacecraft load and wind pressure. The last hurdle is safety, because there's an accident in downtown New York that's going to be devastating.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "@CAPS1 Mast," the Empire State Building's builders ran into a snag while trying to get their spaceship docked there. One hurdle for builders is safety. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it is said that "most ships other than @CAPS2 use hydrogen instead of helium", which is now highly flammable. In paragraph @NUM2 it states that "if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will spin", which is neither practical nor safe right now. If the boat is moored, the back should be stable. The final hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low. In paragraph @NUM3 it applies "the law would make it illegal for ships to be on a building or even near the area". While some ships did attempt to reach the building, they were unsuccessful.
When the idea of building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building came to mind, the builders didn't realize the hurdles that had to be overcome. One obstacle is "nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This means that if an airship is strapped for loading and unloading, it can move freely in the sky, making it dangerous for passengers to be on or around it. An example of dangerous winds is in 1930, "U.S. Navy's Los Angeles ship approached the mooring mast, but could not get close to mooring due to strong winds. Concerns about safety were "from most ships outside the U.S. states using hydrogen instead of helium , hydrogen is highly flammable. "If something goes wrong, there could be serious consequences for the densely populated @LOCATION2 city center. The third and final hurdle that occurs is "existing laws banning airship flying in urban areas are too low." The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area. "Because of these obstacles, the idea of docking a spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building seemed impossible and never materialized.
Now, people know what a crazy idea to dock a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. In @DATE1 and @NUM1, however, the idea of many failures and obstacles that builders will face is forgotten. One hurdle is that most of these craft use hydrogen rather than helium, which is extremely flammable and puts cities at risk. Another obstacle was nature, which made it difficult to keep the ship clear of the mast due to the wind on top of the Empire State Building. Another hurdle for mast builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas like New York City. Overall, the idea couldn't be projected into a real-life visual interpretation due to the obstacles mast builders faced, and now people have planes and airports to dock planes - masts on top of empires don't work for state buildings about aviation.
The builders had to face obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there. The biggest hurdle is that it's unsafe to let it hang over the city and thousands of pedestrians. The ship will be held in place by a cable tether, which will add a lot of stress to the building's frame. Another big obstacle they face is nature. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong airflow." For this to happen, it needs to be over @MONEY1.
Allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building created a number of obstacles. One of the obstacles is that ships other than @PERSON1 use hydrogen instead of helium. Using hydrogen is highly flammable. They know how dangerous it is. It said in the excerpt: "The Empire State Building owners realized that the situation could be worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Another obstacle that people had to deal with was nature. In the excerpt, it said airflow It is "violent" and difficult to control the airship. Finally, it is illegal to park the airship at the Empire State Building. It said, "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over the city. "The @CAPS1 spacecraft cannot dock in a densely populated city like New York City. Many obstacles make docking on the Empire State Building challenging.
When building the Empire State Building's spaceship dock, builders faced a set of problems that should have been easy to solve. It seems to me that everyone is caught in the hype. Outside the U.S., other spacecraft use the highly flammable hydrogen gas instead of helium. After the Hindenburg disaster, “…the Empire State Building owners realized how bad things could get if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York.” Wind was also an obstacle in construction. "...The rear of the ship would rotate around the mooring mast." Because of the violent air currents, the ship would not be able to moor and stay on the dock. There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. "The law states that it is illegal for an airship to be on a building or even approach the area...". Finally, times changed and airplanes became the new fad for air transport, ending airships as the main supplier.
When the builders tried to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building, they ran into a lot of problems. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium; and hydrogen is highly flammable." This means that if a docked ship full of hydrogen catches fire, it will burn down the Empire State Building and most of the city, and killed many people in the explosion. Another major obstacle, as stated in paragraph @NUM2, is the natural "variable wind on top of the building due to strong airflow". These winds would make it nearly impossible for the spacecraft to reach the mast and actually dock. Also, once the ship is strapped to the mast, it swings wildly. The third major issue is the law that prohibits aircraft from flying at low altitudes in urban areas, as stated in paragraph @NUM3 "The law will prohibit boats from mooring to buildings or even close to the area". With the law, no one wants to try. Here are the top three problems found when building a mast
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face daunting obstacles by..."accommodating passengers", new routes, and the biggest obstacle was nature itself. By accommodating passengers, they had to take them on existing transatlantic routes. This is because a new route has not yet been established. The reasoning is because the buildings need to be taller. So they added more stuff on top. They want to bring the State Building itself to nature as the @CAPS1 building is being diverted from the "draught of violence". Also, the ship is more open to the wilderness. State buildings also fell due to lead weight.
The builders ran into a few snags trying to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. One is the wind flow that changes drastically at the height of the stop. This will move the airship and possibly send it into another building, piercing the side of the balloon. A docked spaceship puts a lot of stress on the building itself. It destroys the frame and can affect the entire building. Most spacecraft outside the U.S. also use hydrogen instead of helium. As seen in the Hindenburg disaster, hydrogen is highly flammable. For all these reasons, the mooring mast never sees the docked airship.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts," the engineers incorporated several hurdles while trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the @CAPS1 state government building. As stated in paragraph 9, the problem with @CAPS2 is "pressure from the airship load". Because all of this weight was transferred to the building's foundation, the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced to fit its new condition. This is a very expensive thing. Sixty thousand dollars is nesciary. Another problem is that the airship doesn't stay still when docked. The wind will toss it around. One solution would be to put weights behind the landing pad, but the weights "would hang high above pedestrian traffic on the street as explained in paragraph @NUM1".
When building the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a few hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. Builders first have to make sure the building can support the ship. After they were done, security-related issues arose. This is very dangerous because some balloons are made of flammable hydrogen. If they had any problems, New York's population could be in grave danger. Wind is also an issue...because it's so dodgy, an airship would be heavy in the back. Dangling over New York is very dangerous. A final complicating factor influencing the idea of docking drigbles is "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas". Due to the complexities of legal, safety and natural issues, the builders were never able to successfully achieve their goal of docking the spacecraft on the Empire State Building.
In this excerpt, "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted encountered many obstacles in the construction of the Empire State Building, preventing the ship from docking there. The authors point out that "another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas." This law was considered illegal, and ships approached the area and were strapped to the building. Another hurdle was the lack of a landing area, and expanding in New York City was a challenge, making it difficult for the spacecraft to land. The biggest hurdle is nature itself, the weather spinning the ship around the mooring mast. The authors note that "an airship moored in an open landing field can be weighed down with lead weights behind it...hanging high above pedestrians in the street, it is neither practical nor safe."
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of trouble trying to get the ship to dock there. One difficulty they faced was when they were designing the mast. They "couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building..." (¶ @NUM1) because it "would add stress to the building's frame". (¶ @NUM1) This was a difficulty because the Empire State Building's framework had to be modified and enhanced to accommodate it, leading @MONEY1 to modify it. Another difficulty builders face is related to nature. Since the spacecraft uses "hydrogen instead of helium" (¶ @NUM3), there is a significant fire risk; always a problem over New York City. Wind is also an issue. The wind at the top of the building is "constantly changing due to violent air currents" (¶ @NUM4). The back of the boat must be held down with lead; again, not feasible in New York City. The final difficulty facing builders is the existing air law. Builders face existing laws prohibiting airships from "flying too low in urban areas". (¶@NUM5) This makes it "illegal for a vessel to dock on a building or even near the area". (¶ @NUM5) Many of the difficulties faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were mast design, nature, and existing air flight laws.
Some of the problems they faced when building the Empire State Building was height. Build a building that tall and expect it to do something like a border airship. @CAPS1 of the ship facing the building may cause it to collapse. That's why contractors reshape the skeleton of a building.
In the paragraph "Mooring the Mast" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders had a lot of conflict trying to get the ship docked at the Empire State Building. One issue is security. Unlike ordinary balloons, spacecraft are made of hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flammable. This would be a problem if it was above people on the street and buildings. Another problem is nature. The wind would get very strong where they would have been parked. As the article says, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow." (@NUM1). The last reason is because there is a law that prohibits aircraft from flying close to the community. All the ships hit a lot of people.
Former New York Governor Al Smith had a brilliant idea to make the Empire State Building the tallest building in the world. He will put a mooring mast on top of @CAPS1. Airship to the top so the airship can drop passengers here. However, this plan has a lot of @NUM1, "The stress from the airship load to the wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building". This is a problem because the mast will self-destruct if it's just placed on the building. Another problem is that "most ships outside the US use hydrogen". Hydrogen is a very flammable gas that would put entire parts of the city below the zeppelin at risk. The third reason is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas.
In this excerpt from "@CAPS1 Mast" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS2, the many obstacles in the construction of the Empire State Building in New York City are described. Thousands of dollars were spent on a hopeless renovation of the building, in an effort to add a mooring mast to the top so that the airship or blimp could be docked. However, these efforts were unsuccessful. The two main obstacles that builders face during construction are natural safety. After an airship fire in New Jersey in 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building "…realized that the situation could have been worse if the accident had occurred over a densely populated area like downtown New York." (@NUM1, @CAPS2 ) and current laws prohibit the use of low-altitude airships in urban areas. Additionally, unpredictable winds ended up creating a very dangerous situation for workers, who never docked on the building despite many obstacles during construction.
The Empire State Building faced several major problems when it came to building the spaceship dock. One is that there was a law at the time prohibiting any type of airships from landing/docking in residential areas, let alone densely populated cities. The practicality of the mast will also have many problems, even if it is built. It would be a hassle to dock a huge airship and keep it there, let alone a zeppelin that is often filled with extremely flammable hydrogen.
There are many different reasons for the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there. One of them is the weather, "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". The second is that they have anti-French airships, "the existing anti-French airships fly too low over the city". There was also the issue that the ships would hang over people with the words "...they would hang over pedestrians in the street, neither practical nor safe". Here are some of the problems they encountered.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face safety hurdles to make sure everyone could board the spaceship safely and without danger of any kind. Another hurdle is arranging the spacecraft so they can board passengers from there. @PERSON1 said "The height makes it desirable to postpone the final installation of the landing gear until later." People don't want to try it, so that would be another hurdle. If people don't want to try it, then it becomes an ornament, and that's not what Al Smith wants. The final hurdle is that it won't last as long as the excerpt states: "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built." In other words, the architects did not No consideration is given to whether mooring masts will be used in the future. These are some of the hurdles builders have to face.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when it came to constructing the mast that would allow the spaceship to dock. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. When the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to violent drafts, it is impractical to tether a ship with a cable to keep it intact. The stern will rotate around the mast, which is dangerous for pedestrians. Builders cannot alter nature, so their ideas quickly become impractical. Another hurdle that builders face when building a building is that the weight of the ship can put a lot of stress on the frame of the building (especially with increased wind pressure). They then decided that the only way to solve the problem was to transfer the weight to the foundation of the building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem was attaching the mooring mast to the top of the building. Due to the height of the Empire State Building, they couldn't put the mast directly on the roof because it would interfere with the overall frame of the building. To keep the mooring masts on the roof, the architects spent thousands of dollars modifying the building's frame. Another obstacle to the docking of the spacecraft is maintaining the safety of the public below. The spacecraft was filled with highly flammable hydrogen, creating the risk of a massive explosion over New York, endangering countless lives. Finally, a very important obstacle for builders is the danger of nature. Raging air currents filled the winds above and around the Empire State Building. Even if the spaceship is hung on the roof, the stern of the ship will continue to turn, posing even greater danger to the citizens downstairs. These are some of the hurdles builders faced and prevented the construction of mooring masts to allow the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the frame of the building. In @LOCATION1 @NUM1 it explains that installing a durable compound on a building increases the stress on the building frame. They had to modify the entire frame of the building to a stronger material in order for the mooring masts to work properly. One of the biggest hurdles is security. Most curing agents use hydrogen to power them, which is highly flammable. Airships carry a significant risk of fire when flying in a densely populated area like New York. Another obstacle to mooring masts is the condition on top of the building. At the top of the Empire State Building, high winds cause the airship to spin around the mooring mast. Finally, one hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. As explained in @LOCATION1, even flying to the Empire State Building is illegal due to this law. With all these obstacles, it is clear why the mooring mast was not used.
The builders of the Empire State Building had some problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. They couldn't let the ship land on the flat roof of the building because it was too heavy and would add stress to the building frame. For a number of reasons, the plan was never implemented. A big issue is security. The spacecraft uses hydrogen, which is highly flammable. This highly flammable substance is too dangerous to use over New York. The biggest problem is the wind. It is always changing due to airflow. The ship can be tethered, but it will float in the air above pedestrians. A plan to build a mooring mast at the Empire State Building to allow the spacecraft to dock has failed.
In building the Empire State Building, Al Smith believed he had solved the problem of the airship having nowhere to land. However, using the building as a docking place for the spacecraft turned out to be more difficult than it seemed. First, the balloons can put too much pressure on the frame of the building. The authors note that "the stress of the spacecraft's loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building..." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Also, since this framework needs to be modified, it costs a lot of money. The authors noted that "modifications worth over $60,000 had to be made to the building's framing" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). It is too risky to invest in such an uncertain project. Furthermore, they realized how dangerous any accident would be in such a densely populated area. The authors explain that "most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1 @NUM3). If anything happens, a large part of New York could suffer. While the plan to build a mast for an airship was impressive, it was neither financially nor safe.
During the construction of the mast, the builders encountered a number of obstacles in getting the spacecraft to dock there. The obstacle for @CAPS1 is the building itself. By adding a mast, a lot of stress is added to the building frame, so reinforcement must be done before the mast can be erected. Another problem is how to properly tether the blimp, as they usually land on open grounds, which allows the blimp to be placed in front of and behind the blimp and they can be properly secured. But since the airship is attached to the mast, there is no way to secure the rear of the airship, so there is no safe way to tie down the airship. Finally, the last problem facing the builder is how to dock the airship. With such strong winds on top of the building, there was no practical way to dock the airship in less than ideal weather. Ultimately, all of these issues resulted in the mast never being usable.
Numerous obstacles prevented the ship from docking with the Empire. One hurdle for builders is the law that says airships can't fly too low over urban areas. Additionally, builders will have to reinforce parts of the building to support the pressure the airship puts on the frame. In the end, nature would not allow the airship to sway wildly because the high winds would move the rear of the airship. These obstacles ensure that the ship cannot dock in the Empire State.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the spaceship to dock there, which would add stress to the building's frame, and the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be modified and reinforced to accommodate the situation, which cost over $60,000 To moderate the @CAPS1 building, the biggest obstacle is nature itself, as the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent air currents. Here are some of the obstacles the Empire State Builders are trying to get their ships to dock there.
The hurdles that builders faced when using the Empire State Building as a docking point reached the biggest problem. Obstacles come in various forms, depending on the size of the target. The size of the target is huge, so the range is the largest. The issues are law, nature, security and docking points. First, the main issue is location. "The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is located nearly 1,100 feet below." This would not only knock down the entire building, but also knock it into a 1,100-foot radius in the direction of its haul. on pedestrians. Second, the spacecraft replaced helium with hydrogen, "which is highly flammable." This poses a safety concern, especially in a densely populated urban area like New York. Third, the building is so tall that it intercepts more wind. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This could cause the spacecraft to stress the building or freshen the mooring point. Finally, the law prohibits all "airships flying too low over urban areas". As tall as the Empire State Building, it's too close to the public. Overall, the builders were impatient, which created an obstacle for the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. They set the goal so big that they made the obstacles reach their difficulty range. The Empire State Building may have failed in its purpose, but it was still the tallest building ever built.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's short story "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when constructing the mask. The entire steel frame of the building had to be reinforced to bear the weight of the mast. Mast heights in excess of @NUM1 feet put pressure on the building's steel frame, weakening its foundations. To support the mast, "more than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's frame." That meant the builders had to think hard about how to keep the mast from bending the steel frame. Another hurdle for builders is a new law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas like New York. Therefore, "this law makes it illegal for ships to dock on buildings or even near the area." Because of this law, masts are rarely used. No matter what they tried, the builders had to make significant changes to the frame of the Empire State Building in order to have a mast. However, the new law prohibits airships from docking there, so the masts are not used as often as originally expected. The mast did help the Empire State Building become the world's largest building at 1,250 feet, but it forced reinforcement and fixed the building's frame, and masks weren't used as much as the builders thought.
Builders encountered many hurdles when trying to build the Empire State Building for the spaceship to dock. One obstacle is that there is only "...a cable tether". They went on to say that it would add stress to the building, so they had to fix that. They choose to modify the frame and strengthen it. Another hurdle is having to get the right equipment. They had to go to the @ORGANIZATION2 air terminal to get some info. The final hurdle is that the spacecraft is filled with oxygen instead of helium. That means it's very flammable, which is something to consider. In trying to get the job done for the spacecraft, they ran into construction issues, safety issues, and danger.
When the Empire State Building was built, workers were trying to find new ways to @CAPS1 the structure. They suddenly found some problems, one of which was the top of the Empire State Building. Workers were trying to figure out where they were going, but with an airship on top of the building so they could pick up people and get them there, with different problems.
The builders of the Empire State Building mast faced many hurdles to overcome. First, the builders had to compensate for the pressure the docked airship put on the building. According to @CAPS1, "The pressure ... is transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." Therefore, the steel frame of the building needs to be modified to accommodate the load. Another hurdle for builders is the weather conditions at that altitude: "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." Any airship that tries to dock there will be slammed by the wind. Finally, there are security hurdles. As @CAPS1 put it, "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is extremely flammable." @CAPS3 A Hindenburg-style accident in a populated area stopped the builders. All in all, the builders had to face several huge hurdles that ultimately doomed the project.
In order for the Empire State Building to dock with an airship (airship), architects had to overcome many obstacles. One of those obstacles was the frame of the Empire State Building. If a thousand-foot airship were moored to the top of a building with just one cable tether, it would add enormous stress to the building's foundation due to airship loads and wind pressure. Another obstacle facing architects is safety. Since the craft in @LOCATION2 uses hydrogen (a highly flammable gas) instead of helium, there is a high risk of the craft exploding and threatening the dense population of downtown New York. Probably the biggest hurdle architects have to face is high winds. At the top of the Empire State Building, the wind is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Even though lead weights could be used to hold down and control docked airships, they would still hang unsafely around pedestrians in the street below. These are some of the obstacles that the architects of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to dock the spaceship.
In the "Mooring Masts" paragraph by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous hurdles in allowing the spacecraft to dock. The first was the issue of building mooring masts on the flat roof of the building. Because, "a thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame," and the building would not be able to withstand the stress of both the ship and the wind. Next, security becomes an issue. Empire State Building owners realize the dangers involved when highly flammable objects fly over populated areas after discovering that "most airships built outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and that hydrogen is highly flammable" . It came to their attention when a German airship was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Another problem is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building created the problem of spinning the rear end of the airship around the mooring mast, as heavy objects could not be used to load the back as they would hang above pedestrians on the street. Finally, there is "an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". @CAPS2, it is illegal to tie a ship to a building or near the area. Given the above, it's clear that the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
Ambitious at the time, the idea of allowing ships to dock on top of the Empire State Building was doomed from the start. Engineers and builders of mooring masts face many obstacles that can prevent a safe docking on top of a building. The first major obstacle was finding a way to tether the ship to the dock. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." Modifications had to be made to the entire building. Another hurdle for engineers is that once the spacecraft is tethered to the building, it must be stabilized. As stated in paragraph @NUM2, "Due to strong airflow, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." This would make it nearly impossible for passengers and crew to get on and off the ship. These obstacles baffled the engineers and builders of the Empire State Building until the project was completely abandoned.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of obstacles trying to get the spaceship to dock there, and eventually it couldn't be docked. One of the obstacles was having to modify the foundation of the building. In the story it said, "The load of the spacecraft and the pressure of wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building nearly 1,110 feet below." Docks that are too high will move due to the wind. Also, the airship itself can't even connect itself to the dock because the wind won't allow it. In the end, docks weren't meant to happen, and it created a lot of problems for builders and even technicians.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders stumbled upon a number of obstacles. Many people have difficulty creating documentation for the Empire State Building ship. A major hurdle for builders is that "one hurdle for them to expand their use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone." Another hurdle they may encounter is that the spacecraft can take a long time to refuel and can lead to conflicts with other Blockage of the spaceship. Despite this huge hurdle, they managed to work it out and found a way to actually use the ship without any kind of problem.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, she describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. The three main obstacles they faced lacked suitable landing zones, they would have to reframe the building, and there was a law against it. Airships are giant steel-framed balloons with envelopes of cotton fabric. They are also filled with hydrogen and helium, making them lighter and easier to float. Due to the size of the airship, some of which are more than a thousand feet long, there is really no place to land. "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, which would add stress to the building's frame" (paragraph @NUM1). Another hurdle was that they had to spend more than $60,000 to build the frame of the building so that it could support the airship. The third hurdle is that there is a law against it. It claims no airship will fly too low over urban areas. So even if they did build a landing zone and spent sixty thousand dollars on the frame of the building, they couldn't use them because of the law. Although the idea of an airship dock on the Empire State Building would have been great for the builders as well, due to the lack of a proper landing zone, rebuilding of the frame, and flying vehicles to low altitudes.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One practical reason is that the law prohibits airships from flying too close in urban areas such as New York. The law makes it illegal for airships to even approach buildings. The bigger reason is security concerns. If a ship were to enter the dock using hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, an explosion could occur, injuring everyone below. The biggest obstacle is the change in airflow. Even when tethered, the boat spins around the tower and becomes tangled. In conclusion, the idea had to be abandoned, although some ships tried to dock them.
I've been to the Empire State Building before, all the way to the top floor. The top wasn't open, but a few windows were open and what we were still left with was how amazing the wind was there. Trying to park an airship on top of a building is like trying to park a car in a flood, I couldn't have waited for that factor to show up for the whole story, and it finally did. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) In addition to parking the airship, it wouldn't be too fun for passengers to have to disembark on a swinging ramp. Another issue they face is the law. There are "current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". (@CAPS1 @NUM2) I think they will at least make sure they are legally cleared before using @MONEY1 for an already impractical project. When I read this, it seemed like the project was doomed from the start.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the lack of suitable landing zones. So Ayrsmith figured putting a mooring mast on top of the building would allow the spacecraft to dock there for a few hours. It will allow the spacecraft to be refueled or repaired, and allow passengers to get on and off. Another hurdle is how the spacecraft will be moored. It will be held in place by a cable tether, which adds stress to the building's frame. The stress of loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is approximately 1100 feet below. The third hurdle is the use of hydrogen or helium. If they used hydrogen, it was highly flammable and the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire. These are some of the hurdles the builders have to face when trying to get the ship to dock there.
In "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, he talks about how the "Mooring Mast" or also known as the Empire State Building was built and what the building was originally used for. During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders had some problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, such as construction issues, different gases, and legal issues. Builders face the problem of building architects. The roof is flat because it says "architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." This means that heavy ships add stress to the building's frame. Another problem they face is that some ships Gases used The @CAPS1 spacecraft is filled with a different gas, "Most spacecraft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." That means the building could catch fire, and the whole of downtown New York could be on fire . They also face legal issues that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". It explains that it is illegal to tie an airship to a building
Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts" explains the construction of the Empire State Building in New York. The excerpt explains the steps in building a building and the obstacles and challenges faced by builders. The architects who built the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there, ignoring the problems that would come with taking on such a large project. The creator of the plan to build a docking mast on the Empire State Building was Al Smith. Alsmith was so excited about building the mast that he didn't consider the complexities associated with his "overall" plan. Due to the pressure of the spacecraft load and wind pressure, the frame of the building needed to be reinforced, costing more than $60,000. For builders, the biggest hurdle is safety. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is known to be very flammable. If something similar happens in a densely populated area, like downtown New York. Another obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. There is also an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This excerpt shows that before you take on a big challenge, you should consider and take into account the obstacles that come with it.
The hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock their spacecraft included accidents in densely populated areas, violent changes in airflow, and more.
The idea of putting a mast on top of the Empire State Building @CAPS1 is like a brilliant idea. It was thought that docking the craft on the mast was a good idea, especially since "New York City lacks a proper landing zone." But easily @CAPS2 the mooring mast will never be able to dock the ball. One reason this never happens is because @CAPS3 these microspheres contain highly flammable hydrogen. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ...the Empire State Building realized how serious that accident could have been." @CAPS3 If this happens in a populated area, people will die. Another reason the mast will never be available is that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low or over urban areas". @CAPS4 Even if everything was set up right, they would be breaking the law on a @CAPS4 airship close to the city. But the most obvious reason is that the weather above the Empire State Building will become unpredictable. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The mooring mast is just a completely unstable place to dock these small boats.
Architects faced a number of problems when trying to dock spaceships on the Empire State Building. One of these issues is the framing of the building. The frame needed to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new mast. Another huge hurdle is security. The author states in the @NUM1 paragraph, "Hydrogen is highly flammable." If the spacecraft were to ascend at @CAPS1, not only would the passengers be at risk, but everyone on the crowded streets below would be at risk. Winds at such high altitudes also pose a threat. Paragraph @NUM2 explains that the violent airflow can cause the stern to spin around, making it difficult for passengers to unload. These are just some of the many problems builders face when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
In the excerpt, the builders wanted the spaceship to be docked on top of the Empire State Building. They found they couldn't do it because the wind would push the spacecraft in all the different directions. There is also a stipulation that the aircraft must have a certain height in the air.
When the Empire State Building was conceived, it was planned to be the tallest building in the world, even taller than the new Chrysler Building built on 42nd Street. and Lexington Avenue in New York. The top of the Empire State Building is not just decorative, not just spires, domes or pyramids. The age of spaceships. The Navy is the leader in U.S. airship development. Architects couldn't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. Once the architects designed the mooring masts and made changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton.
The hurdle for builders is that they cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. Stresses from ship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The biggest reason is safety: Most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. Current law prohibits airships from flying too low.
Some of the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building are wind at high altitudes, laws that do not allow airships to be so close to downtown, the safety of passengers, and the safety of pedestrians below.
The building is big and beautiful.
Engineers believe that it is unrealistic and unsafe for them to dock the spacecraft on the building. There was a major problem with the idea that airships would add stress to a building's frame. In addition, the weight and wind pressure of the ship can also cause problems for the foundation. Another thing is that the spacecraft are made of highly flammable hydrogen, and if one of them exploded, it would be a disaster for downtown New York. This is why the idea is neither practical nor safe.
According to the excerpt "The Mooring @CAPS1" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered certain obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, such as violent airflow and pedestrian safety. One obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced was violent air currents. According to the excerpt, the wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing. So if the airship happened to get caught in it, they would hang above the pedestrian. An example of this is, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even though the airship is tethered to the mooring @CAPS1 at the rear of the ship and rotates around the mooring mast." (@NUM1) Another obstacle is the safety of pedestrians. When the owners heard that the German ship Hindenburg had been destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, they decided it would be worse if it happened in a densely populated place like New York. An example of this is, "The Empire State Building owners realized that the accident could have gotten worse if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." Anyway, excerpt from "Mooring Mast", by Marcia By Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into some obstacles when trying to get their spaceships to dock there. Like violent air currents and pedestrians in the city.
The Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock there. With the building so tall, strong wind changes have always been a concern. A wind change is when the wind direction changes suddenly. One minute is @LOCATION1, the next is @LOCATION2. On May 6, 1937, when the German spaceship Hindenburg caught fire, people wondered what would have happened if that was over the Empire State Building. It's going to be busy over populous New York. Airships are not allowed to fly that low anyway.
The mission of trying to dock the spacecraft 1,250 feet above New York City didn't present some shocking obstacles for the Empire State Building's builders. Before the airship could even try to dock on the mast, the builders were already remodeling the entire building due to the pressure and pressure the airship puts on the building. Once the builders finally completed all the remodeling and construction, which cost more than $60,000 to harden the building; they faced a whole new set of hurdles. Most spacecraft from outside the United States are filled with flammable hydrogen. "German ship @CAPS1 destroyed by fire in New Jersey @LOCATION3". The accident has @CAPS2 concerned. They also faced problems with changing winds and airflow, which made it difficult to dock the spacecraft. Another hurdle is that airships are legally required to be too low off the ground. Because of these unforeseen obstacles, the idea of docking on top of the building disappeared.
According to the information provided in the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building were unable to overcome many obstacles. Between wind, anchoring issues, fire risk and sharp spires, there are legal issues that must be addressed first. One thing the builders of the Empire State Building didn't think about was romance. Because the spacecraft are primarily giant propulsion balloons, the wind can push them, and at 1,250 feet, there isn't much around to slow or block the wind. Nor did they think of @CAPS1 that hydrogen is a key gas associated with lifting airships, very flammable, and if one were to ascend in @CAPS2, dozens or even hundreds would be doomed. More problems for the architects were the sharp spires on top of many of the surrounding buildings. If the pilot loses control of the bimp then it will wreak havoc on the city @MONEY1. Finally, a new law is in the process of being legislated. It prohibits any air travel below a certain foot in residential areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spaceship to dock on it. A major hurdle is safety, "most craft other than [@LOCATION2] use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable". Owners quickly realized how dangerous "an accident in a densely populated area like downtown New York" was. The second major obstacle is nature; "the wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". A thousand-foot spaceship moored on top of a building would put enormous pressure on the frame of the building, and in the end these two obstacles were too big. Times are changing, and as aircraft take over modern travel, spaceships and mooring masts are doomed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in allowing the spacecraft to dock on the building's mooring masts. They first had to modify this top to act as a mooring mast, and they had to modify the steel frame of the building to fit the ship. They also had to build a docking and ticketing area, which also cost money. They can also have problems if the spacecraft hits something or gets caught on fire with hydrogen. Nature itself is the biggest problem because near buildings, there is a lot of wind. There is also a law stating that airships or airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. If the outer shell breaks, the ship could injure a lot of people.
When building a structure as large as the Empire State Building, even having it dock a spaceship on top of it means there will be challenges. Dock for it. The stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. The building must be @CAPS1. All these issues must be taken into account. It means more money
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to get the spaceship docked there, they had big intentions, but hit some snags along the way. The job is not an easy task, and it's not as simple as it sounds. If the builder added a 100-foot-long ship on top of the building, secured by a cable tether, it would add stress to the building's frame. All the stress goes all the way to the foundation of the building, so they have to modify and reinforce the steel. This will cost more than @MONEY1, and a lot. The biggest obstacle is nature itself, where the winds at the top are constantly changing. It's also not safe. There is also a law that prohibits airships from driving too low, which would make them impossible to dock. Also, since other ships in other countries use hydrogen instead of helium, they are prone to fires. The main hurdle for builders is safety while building, there are many unsafe outcomes, so building is too risky.
One of the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was that the construction of the mooring masts would add stress to the building due to its height. However, the architects were able to design a special type of stainless steel that would glow from the inside and provide support. Another obstacle is that the craft uses hydrogen gas instead of helium, and it is considered unreasonable to have such an airship with a flammable gas near a civilization. As a result, a law was passed prohibiting the transportation of spacecraft near the public. Naturally against the architects too, thus posing a safety hazard when high speed winds try to blow @CAPS1 from the sky while being weighed down by lead. Finally, because of these issues, the Empire State Building's mooring mast was never used.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. They know that mooring masts are not perfect. There are many reasons, but they say the biggest one is safety. The hydrogen in them is highly flammable, and after the accident in New Jersey in 1937, they noticed that it would be even more dangerous if it happened in New York. So they later dropped the idea and left the transportation to the plane.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A major problem is the increased stress on the frame of the building when the ship is worn on top of the building. "The stress of the ship's loads and wind pressure had to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." That meant they had to rearrange the frame to make it work. As a result, workers never achieve their goals. Safety was a major factor in failing to dock the airship at @ORGANIZATION1. Airships are highly flammable and can lead to serious accidents. However, "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." @CAPS1 There is a strong airflow over the building that causes the airship to "spin" when attached to the mooring mast. There is also an existing law that prohibits aircraft from flying low over urban areas, which makes it impossible for spacecraft to reach buildings. Because of all these obstacles, the main goal of docking the airship was not achieved.
Obstacles for builders include the safety of people under and on board the spacecraft. One question they face is if something happens to a spacecraft like the Hindenburg. If the zeppelin crashes, pedestrians below may be injured. This is also a problem for passengers, as they are prone to crashes in the city. It tells how when Los Angeles tried to get close to it, it couldn't get close because strong winds so high could knock it into another building. Other obstacles facing builders are natural and legal. When high wind currents can be very strong and varied. It talks about how the wind will cause the rear of the ship to continue to rotate around the mooring mast if the ship is tethered. What the ultimate mystery builder must overcome is the law. Laws have been enacted to prevent airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. If the boat is tethered to the building, then they do it illegally.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The heightened demands of building a mooring mast are to put New York at the forefront of modern travel. Then, the builders need to solve some hurdles on the way. The first was that the building itself needed to be made stronger to support the "thousand-foot ship that was moored on top of the building." So the frame of the Empire State Building needed to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this. According to the excerpt, a change of @MONEY1 value must be made to the frame of the building. Another problem is the stress of wind pressure. Wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. At least they think, this is also solved by making some changes to the skeleton of the building. Finally, the building needed a space to serve passengers from the "airship". To solve this, they built a shaft to take passengers to the @NUM1 floor, where there will be luggage and ticketing areas. Builders had to face many problems before trying to build a mast for the ship to dock.
Various obstacles arise in this excerpt. The construction of this mooring mast is just more of a way to go from a dream to winning the record for the world's tallest building. The biggest obstacle they face is security. In the @NUM1 paragraph it says "most ships use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." @CAPS1, one hurdle is the risk of the ship being destroyed by fire while trying to dock at the Empire State Building, which will Wreck a lot of damage in New York. Builders also face problems with nature itself. At these altitudes, violent airflow can cause the craft to turn around the mooring mast. The builder also faces a legal issue, stating in paragraph @NUM2 that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". @CAPS1, a spaceship will never be allowed to fly this close to the Empire State Building anyway. These are the hurdles that builders face.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In paragraph 9, it states that "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." This hurdle is enormous, because in order to accommodate the new station, a building worth more than $60,000 must be constructed. work. Another reason stated in paragraph @NUM1 "Another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying to low altitudes in urban areas." This suggests that this is another major hurdle for builders. Another hurdle for builders is nature, as stated in paragraph @NUM2 "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This can be very dangerous. If the stern hangs over the streets around the Empire State Building, there could be a number of safety hazards. These hurdles are the main hurdles builders will have to face if the Empire State Building becomes a landing dock.
According to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles, such as safety, nature, and legislation, when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, it is difficult to safely dock foreign ships. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says: "Most craft outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." This suggests that fire, and therefore safety, is an obstacle. Second, the airflow makes it difficult for the spacecraft to dock safely. The air near the roof was affected by the draft, making it difficult for the pilot to land. Also, "using [lead weights] on the Empire State Building, they would hang above pedestrians on the street, which was neither practical nor safe." There was no way to deal with or combat the uncertainty of wind, so naturally it was a hindrance. Finally, there are laws about planes flying too close to cities. In paragraph @NUM2 it says: "[There is] an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would make it illegal to tie a boat to a building." The purpose of the moor is illegal, so It's almost impossible for a spaceship to connect to the Empire State Building. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges on this wasteland, so its opening never came to fruition.
In a brief excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builder of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One obstacle they faced was space. An example "One of the barriers to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones." @CAPS1 says it is difficult to find a place to land. While this may be one of their problems, it's not the only problem, it's a security problem. "The mooring masts added to the top of the building will allow the spacecraft to park there for hours for refueling or service, and get passengers on and off," the excerpt says. This means that just landing and refueling will take time. Another hurdle is testing the airship in the mast test
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The biggest hurdle is finding a safe way to do this. NYC is a very densely populated area, so any type of accident is horrific, as owners realize in @CAPS2 @NUM1, "When the German ship Hindenburg was in New Jersey on May 6, 1937, When Lakehurst, STAT was devastated by fire, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that it could have been worse if the accident happened above a densely populated area like @CAPS1.” Another obstacle is nature itself. As stated in @CAPS2 @NUM2 the wind on top of the building is too strong, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air raisins. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the boat behind will wrap around the mooring mast Rotation." Safety is clearly the biggest concern
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building is that airships are prohibited from flying to low-altitude areas in urban areas. The law states that ships cannot be strapped to the building at any time for fear that the wind will blow the airship onto the sharp spires of other buildings. area. It would damage the ship. Then another ship tried a publicity stunt that would tie up and deliver a bundle of newspapers to the Empire State Building. The idea of mooring was shelved. They haven't solved the problem of mooring an airship on a fixed mast at such a height, which makes it desirable. The tallest open observatory pier, designed for passengers to disembark, has never been open to the public.
Major safety concerns for builders. Most airships not made at @LOCATION1 are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. If a disaster like the Hindenburg accident happened as the airship moved toward the Empire State Building tether, the results would have been even more catastrophic. Another obstacle is wind. According to the excerpt, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing... The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." The final hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. "This law will prohibit ships from being tied to buildings." Builders encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the airship docked at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. For example, the excerpt says: "Adding a mooring mast to the top of a building allows the craft to sit there for hours for refueling or service, and for passengers to disembark." This suggests that the builder had to build a mooring mast in order to have Time to refuel or repair and get people out of the car safely. Another example from the excerpt is, "The body of the ship can swing in the breeze, and, however, passengers can walk to an open viewing platform via a ramp to safely disembark and disembark the ship." This suggests that the builders built a ramp where people could Get on and off the ramp safely from the ship.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different obstacles. One is the Empire State Building @CAPS1. It's one of the tallest buildings in the world, so only the building plans that go wrong are miserable for everyone below. When construction began on the mooring mast, they knew there was some risk but didn't think it would throw. Seeing all this because El Smith wants the Empire to be the biggest. Now he doesn't have @CAPS2 to investigate it, if an airship is @CAPS3 on the mooring mast, they will have to worry about the weather, wind, and the strength of the building's foundation. They also had to worry about @CAPS1's airship, which was full of hydrogen, and if something went wrong in downtown NYC, the airship would ignite a spark and it would burn four blocks
@CAPS1 at the Empire State Building had a lot of problems trying to get the ship to dock there. Some of the problems are that some airships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. It wouldn't be so good for the people of NYC if a hydrogen blimp exploded over @LOCATION1. Those people may die. Another blimp exploded in New Jersey with hydrogen in it. So when that happened, they thought a lot about the docking station, just to have the helium-filled airship dock there.
The idea of allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building is fraught with issues ranging from natural precautions to existing laws. A German blimp called the Hindenburg was destroyed in New Jersey due to fire complications during a period of frequent airship travel around the world. The disaster revealed to workers a problem they had previously overlooked, that most foreign craft are loaded with flammable hydrogen. The idea that a problem like Hindenburg happens in one of the most densely populated cities in the world rules out the idea. Staff on the project also ignored laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. Although the Empire State Building is expected to be the tallest building in the world, the upcoming mast is still too close to millions of people in the city. After a trial run of the new mooring system, it was found that the spacecraft could not even get close enough to the mast due to strong winds. The idea that these same winds would blow the spacecraft into the spire of another building terrifies people. A combination of issues ends the idea of a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building
Al Smith and the builders of the Empire State Building encountered some obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle was designing stiffening beams for the frame and foundation to support additional stresses caused by spacecraft loads and wind pressure. The second is that the gases used by some spacecraft are unsafe. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable" (Lüsted, @NUM1). Inefficient gas, violent air currents either lead to consumption of the spacecraft or increase lead weights, "...hanging high above pedestrians" (Lüsted, @NUM2). Of all these issues, "...existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" (Lüsted, @NUM3). So it's not only unsafe or impractical, it's illegal.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem the workers faced was "thousand-foot ships... can add stress to the frame of the building" (@NUM1). This means that the framework must be strengthened. Another hurdle they encountered was "laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" (@NUM2). Therefore, it is illegal to dock a boat on a building because the airship would be too low. In the end, the most difficult obstacle they encountered was "the constant movement of wind on top of the building due to strong airflow" (@NUM3). This makes it unsafe and impractical as the airship would be above pedestrians on the street. The project was never completed due to the complexities and challenges faced by workers trying to dock the spacecraft on the Empire State Building.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One of the obstacles is that it is not safe. This is unsafe because the spacecraft uses more hydrogen than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. In the excerpt, it says the biggest obstacle is nature itself. This is because the wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing, and the rear of the airship rotates. Another hurdle is current laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas. These are all obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems when trying to dock their spaceships. A major reason is that the docking of the spacecraft is illegal. "The Empire State Building is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas", @CAPS1 @NUM1. Nature also prevents the ability of the ship to dock there. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong airflow", @CAPS1 @NUM2. However, some ships attempted to dock. In 1930 the U.S. Navy tried to dock in Los Angeles, but couldn't due to high winds. New York is a very densely populated area, and explosive hydrogen gas floating over the city could pose a huge threat. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey." This showed to the builders and owners of the Empire State Building that it was very dangerous for the ship to try to dock there. A major set of problems for builders was making the building itself strong enough to allow the ship to dock. Builders had to modify the frame of the Empire State Building and design a custom mooring. Builders faced legal and safety issues when trying to dock the spacecraft to the Empire State Building.
Marcia Amidon Lüsted's mooring mast explains plans to add a mast on top of the Empire State Building that would have anchored an airship on top of it. The idea is very complicated. However, the architects of time (@DATE1's) think it's quite possible. They don't seem to realize how many problems and obstacles stand in the way of the mast's success. A small setback is that the mast (and the airship attached to it) can add a lot of stress to the frame of the building. This problem was solved by simply modifying the foundation and frame that strengthened the building. The biggest obstacle to the mast's success was the strong winds on top of the building, which were "constantly changing due to strong air currents". However, the absolute biggest issue facing is the safety of the public. Most foreign airships at the time were filled with highly flammable gases, which ultimately resulted in the mooring mast never being successful.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Throughout the excerpt, the author states that "ships are hailed as the transportation of the future" (paragraph @NUM1). That means builders have to work harder and figure out how to make it work. Architects and engineers discuss with experts the equipment needed to build the spacecraft. The authors also said they asked people to test the spacecraft. They had to work on the mooring masts to make the craft work. Getting the mooring masts to work can be very difficult for builders. In paragraph @NUM2 it says "The greatest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." Airships were largely abandoned in the 1930s.
Obstacles; the builders of the Empire State Building tried to get the spaceship docked there, which was very challenging. They dig deep into frames and shapes, but there are other, less physical reasons. One of the biggest hurdles they faced in getting their ships docked on buildings was nature itself. At the top of the building, the wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Using the Empire State Building, where airships would hang high around pedestrians on the lower levels of the street, would not be safe. Another peculiar hurdle they face is the current law that prohibits airships from flying over urban areas. The law makes it illegal to tie an airship to the Empire State Building itself. Airships cannot land on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. Not just physical objects that make landing ships easier, but politics and nature @CAPS1.
In Marciaamidon's mooring mast excerpt, there are plenty of examples of the obstacles the Empire State Building builders encountered when trying to get their ships docked there. One hurdle for builders is the weight and pressure of the DiriGiBle @CAPS1 on @CAPS2 on top of the Empire State Building. That's a big @CAPS3 because all the pressure and pressure of the rope pulls on the building, sending the pressure all the way down to a thousand feet below the bottom of the building. Another obstacle that workers face is nature itself. This is @CAPS3 because the high speed winds of the building are constantly changing. If the top of the DiriGiBle is tied to the front with just one string, the back of it can move freely in the wind. This will allow the back to be picked up by the wind, potentially hitting buildings. In conclusion, the builders had to face many hurdles to try this project.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, workers have to face many obstacles to get the Dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building. One of the many obstacles workers face is that they cannot simply place the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. And the thousand-foot airship moored atop the Empire State Building. A cable tether holds the ship, which adds stress to the building's frame. The biggest hurdle the workers will face is the mooring mast on top of the building, where all the wind is moving due to the intense air currents. Another obstacle is that the ships are moored in the open field, and they are pressed behind. The problem is that they dangle high above pedestrians in the street. These are the hurdles that workers face
In @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mask", the obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders are nature, safety, and law. Al Smith, New York's director of @CAPS1 and the Empire State Building, is determined to make it the tallest building ever built. This would not be possible without the mooring mast, which serves as a docking station for Dirigibles. While building the mooring mast, an obstacle was encountered. One obstacle is nature. The wind on the roof is so strong that it can cause the ship to sway back and forth. Lead blocks are usually used to prevent swaying, but if used here, the lead blocks will hang @NUM1 feet above pedestrians' heads. This makes security another obstacle. Many of the craft are filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas that could be the biggest accident in New York City if ignited. The final hurdle is the law. There is a law stating that "airships must not fly too low over urban areas". This would make the purpose of the mooring mast illegal. Today, it is nothing but decoration.
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built. The main reason for this is security. First, it has the potential to catch fire. For example, most spacecraft are made of hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. They realized how much damage it could do if it caught fire in a densely populated area, like downtown New York. Second, they encountered another hurdle in successfully using nature's own moorings. For example, the wind at the top of a building can change constantly due to strong air currents. Finally, airships cannot be parked at the Empire State Building because existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on the building, or even getting close to it. Instead of becoming the transportation of the future, the idea disappeared. They face many insurmountable obstacles.
They had some issues with @CAPS1 building it. Then they realized that suspending the spacecraft from a 102-story building with just a single cable tether wasn't that smart or safe. Another problem they had was their inability to control nature. If it's a really windy day, it's hard to stay steady. If the building frame does not have enough support, then it may collapse.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple potential problems in allowing ships to dock there. For example, strong winds over city streets could cause the spacecraft to blow on its back, sideways, and pierce the tops of other buildings. On top of that, many spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which makes them highly flammable. Additionally, the additional pressure of a ship moored to the Empire State Building could easily crack or collapse the building and its foundations. Fortunately, the builders and engineers behind the mooring masts were sane enough to stop producing the masts, as it was just an excuse to hide the competitive nature of the building's designers.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the airship (airship) to dock there. The lack of a suitable landing zone is a tough hurdle. It is illegal for airships to fly at low altitudes in urban areas. It would hang over people and it would be unsafe. The way the spacecraft stays in the air is that it uses hydrogen instead of helium, but hydrogen is extremely flammable. It would not be safe to have a dock for a ship on the Empire State Building, so the builder had to think about a new plan, so there would be a lot of hurdles.
Technology and engineering weren't that advanced during @DATE1. So it's safe to say that the builders of the Empire State Building had so many obstacles. One of them is that they know how to dock the ship safely and keep it stable. They did have the knowledge or technology at the time to do such a thing.
There are many obstacles to allowing ships to dock on the Empire State Building. One problem solved is that most of the ships around the world are filled with flammable hydrogen. This was a problem because on May 6, 1937, a spaceship was destroyed by fire, and the owners of the Empire State Building realized that "the accident could have been worse if it had happened in a populated area." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Another potential problem is strong wind currents on top of buildings, as described in @CAPS1 @NUM2. The worry is that these strong currents will prevent the spacecraft from docking and could blow it into another building. This could pierce the ship's material and cause a horrific accident. The final hurdle preventing the spacecraft from docking at the Empire State Building is that it violated the law. The law states that "airships flying at low altitudes in urban areas" are prohibited. There are many obstacles preventing the ship from docking on the Empire State Building.
In @CAPS1 "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many @CAPS2 during construction of the Empire State Building. The obstacle for @CAPS3 will be the wind. Because the building was so high, and the higher up, the more air and wind they had to stop landing or fall off the airship. An airship is also a balloon or ball, but with a difference because the airship can be controlled by pappellers. Another reason is the @CAPS4 device. They don't have the proper equipment to dock the ship. So they @CAPS5 no longer have them docked there. They also @CAPS6 to stop it because it has hundreds of civilians and if something goes wrong @CAPS4 the balloons could land on civilians. That's why in @CAPS1 - "Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1 had to face the problem of docking the balloon.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One example is, "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. The Empire State Building owners realized that the situation could be worse if the accident happened over a populated area." Areas like downtown New York. When builders realized that hydrogen was flammable, they had to reconsider building because it would be more dangerous in densely populated areas like New York in the event of a fire. The chance of people getting hurt or getting hurt is another One hurdle is, "Airships can't be moored at the Empire State Building [because] existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal to tie cargo to buildings or even approach the area. "That's a major hurdle because builders would break the law. It's also very dangerous.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in order to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is that the wind at the top of the building changes very drastically due to airflow. Because of this, the end of the ship rotates around the top of the building. Another problem is people walking under the building @CAPS1 in NYC. In order to stop the Dirigible Heavy Plumb must be used. This is problematic because one of the weights is easily lost and @DATE1. If blimps were stationed at the Empire State Building, the laws about flying blimps staying too low over the city would be broken.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Safety is a prominent issue; an idea cannot succeed if human life is at risk. Most foreign ships contain hydrogen, a "highly flammable" element (@NUM1 paragraph) that poses a threat not only to passengers, but also to those who dock. Another potential obstacle is high winds on top of buildings. These winds cause the rear of the airship to blow freely with the wind. Even the suggested solution of pressing down on the rear of the airship with a plumb bob is dangerous. The lead block will "hang over pedestrians" (paragraph @NUM2). The last very obvious hurdle for the builders of the Empire State Building is the existing law that prohibits airships from "flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). Even with a secure dock, landing is illegal. Although it seemed like a viable plan at the time, the idea of docking the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building was not safe or practical.
While construction on the Empire State Building was underway, the builders encountered a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. At first, it was thought that it would be wonderful and lead to "traffic of the future". One hurdle for builders is that large spaceships moored on roofs can negatively impact the building's framing. "The stress of the spacecraft load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building". Builders will have to pay @MONEY1 to fix this. Another problem that exists is the lack of security. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Also, even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, high winds can cause the stern to spin around the mooring mast. "Even if the back of the airship was held down by lead, it would not be safe; for the lead would be "hanging high above pedestrians in the street." "There's also a law that says airships can't fly too low over urban areas. There are more problems with nature itself, such as wind blowing the ship "to the spires of other buildings." "With the many problems that arose after the building was built, the idea of airships being the "future of transportation" was abandoned.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. "The unresolved problem of mooring the airship to such a high fixed mast makes it advisable to postpone it". This quote from Irving Craven is saying that there are a lot of issues left unresolved because of height. That means it's harder to do because of how high it is. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." They point this out because if there's a chance of chaos and it starts to crumble, it's in one of the most populous cities in the U.S. occur. These are some of the hurdles builders have to face.
In the mooring mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The hurdle for builders is that they realize that hydrogen is very flammable. An example in the excerpt is a German airship that caught fire and then the builders thought it would be worse if it was over a populated area. Another obstacle is the use of mooring masts. There was a lot of wind on the roof and landing was difficult. It is also a law that airships cannot fly at low altitudes over urban areas. The Empire State Building's builders then decided not to use the mooring masts for airships.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle they faced was that if a cable tethered the thousand-foot-long craft to the top of the building, it would add stress to the building's frame. Another hurdle they face is that most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature. The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Even if the ship is moored to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast. These are some of the obstacles they encountered when trying to dock on the building.
There seems to be a lot of issues that went wrong during the crafting of the ship dock. On the one hand, the natural structure of the Empire State Building cannot bear its weight. So architects had to make stainless steel towers. Even after this, they realized how flammable helium and hydrogen are. Not only that, the radio waves on the roof of the building were extremely violent. Due to a possible accident, the idea was eventually forgotten.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several obstacles in building a mooring mast for the spaceship to dock. The first hurdle was the insufficient frame of the building itself, as there was a mooring mast on top that would add a lot of stress to the building. It is also said that "over $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's framing had to be done", which could also be a cost issue. Second, it is extremely unsafe to build mooring masts for airships in densely populated New York City. Foreign spacecraft use hydrogen to keep them afloat, "hydrogen is highly flammable." @CAPS1 The Hindenburg disaster of 1937, any fire over densely populated New York City would have catastrophic effects. Next, the biggest hurdle for builders is wind "which is constantly changing due to strong drafts." @CAPS2 It is very unsafe for a 1000ft ship to reach the top of the Empire State Building because the wind will blow to the back of the ship, so the ship will spin around the mast. The final hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders in allowing blimps to dock is "existing laws that prohibit blimps from flying too low in urban areas." Even if the mast was built successfully, laws prohibiting airships from getting too close would prevent its use. All of these obstacles faced by the builders resulted in the mast eventually failing.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. While some of these hurdles were addressed early on, others didn't come to the builder's attention until later. The first hurdle the builders encountered was the need to make modifications to the building's frame. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." (@CAPS1 Nine). Without the necessary modifications, the Empire State Building will not be able to support the mooring masts. The process cost an additional $60,000. The second hurdle that builders face is not raised even after construction is complete. The wind factor makes it nearly impossible to dock any ships. "Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). With all pedestrians on the ground, this factor makes it very unsafe. The final hurdle to face is the law. Under existing law, airships are prohibited from flying too low over urban areas. An airship docked on a mooring mast would violate the law. The architects and engineers of the Empire State Building apparently did not consider what was necessary to construct the mooring mast.
When architects and engineers planned to build mooring docks for airships on the Empire State Building, they didn't realize all the problems that could arise. One of the problems is a big security issue. Most airships use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable. If an airship catches fire on the Empire State Building, it will end in disaster. Another obstacle is nature. The wind is unpredictable and the ship just sways in the wind. If the wind is strong, it can put a lot of pressure on the building and it can collapse. The last reason is the actual law. The law makes it illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. The mooring dock on the building will never work.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to dock a spaceship to the Empire State Building. Most of the ships used at the time were from countries other than @LOCATION1, so they used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable, so if it catches fire, it will burn in populated areas. Another obstacle is that at that altitude, the wind is very strong. When tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the craft is caught by the wind and swings around the mooring mast. The final hurdle is that there is a law that says that ships cannot fly too low over urban areas, making it impossible for ships to get close to buildings.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle is safety, most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Another hurdle for builders is nature itself. The victory at the top of the building is always changing due to dangerous air currents. These winds cause the rear end of the airship to move around the mooring mast. The third hurdle they face is the law that planes can't fly too low in areas where pedestrians congregate. The law makes it illegal to be tied up with the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, including nature, safety, and law, when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The builder's first concern is the structure of the building. When hanged, the ship "puts pressure on the building". To offset this added weight, the building needed to be retrofitted and reinforced. Builders are also concerned about safety after a German spaceship was destroyed in a fire. Since the gas used to keep the spacecraft in the air is highly flammable and downtown New York is densely populated, they realized it could be very dangerous. The biggest obstacle was the strong winds on top of the building, "which are constantly changing due to strong air currents". The ship is tied to the mooring mast and the rear of the ship will spin in the wind. While plumb bobs can be used in open landing pads, they are neither safe nor practical when suspended above pedestrians on the street. Finally, current law says that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. This will make it impossible for the ship to even approach the building. The combination of these obstacles prevented the ship from docking at the Empire State Building.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered some obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The biggest issue in allowing airships to use buildings as mooring sites is safety. It mentions in paragraph @NUM1 that the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire in New Jersey. This gets people thinking about what happened to the Empire State Building. If the ship caught fire while it was attached to a building, the death rate would be high due to the large population of New York City. Another obstacle is preventing the airship from rotating around the mooring mast. In paragraph @NUM2, if there are so many pedestrians on the street below, it would be very dangerous to remove the lead weight from the stern. Another reason to try to add more blimps to buildings is impractical because "existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low in urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). This makes it illegal for boats to be tied to structures, let alone get close enough. Combining all of these reasons is the fact that the wind on top of the building is too much for anything to happen safely without causing some kind of harm.
Obstacles that builders have to face in a rational situation, but there are some things you should think about first, like people's safety, aircraft height restrictions and wind. They thought about how to dock it, how to get passengers to the landing zone safely. They do a smart job though, they have what connects the airship to the dock, the electric winch. They have luggage and ticketing areas. They think smart, but other things first.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to put a spaceship dock on top. To make New York City the most modern tourist city, Al Smith tried to put a spaceship dock on top of the Empire State Building. They did complete the construction of the mooring masts, although the steel frame of the building had to be strengthened. The stress of people boarding the ship could damage the original frame. Once done, there were @NUM1 attempts to get passengers on board the airship. Although, they all ended in failure. Builders could not overcome strong winds and legal obstacles. The wind could blow the airship into another building. Also, if a craft made of hydrogen is used, it could lead to fatal accidents due to its high flammability. Finally, there is an existing law that requires airships to be flown from near urban areas. Architects of mooring masts cannot overcome these challenges.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their spaceships docked there. The biggest obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. El Smith saw an opportunity to build an empire. A team of engineers and government personnel in Washington are trying to figure out how to moor the airship to this mast. The biggest obstacle itself is nature. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. These are some of the many obstacles to the Empire State Building that try to keep the airship docked there.
Here are the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building. They are concerned that hydrogen and helium are highly flammable and take into account the devastation of the Lakehurst, New Jersey fire. They were also concerned about the weight of the boat. They were concerned that the wind would blow it up the spire of the building, which would pierce the hull of the airship.
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there, they encountered many obstacles. Builders put reality over theory in order to choose the safest route to dock the ship. Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, the builders realized how dangerous it was to take such a risk in a densely populated area like New York. The biggest obstacle to being able to dock safely is nature. The wind direction at the top of the Empire State Building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. This will make the boat sway around Mooring @CAPS1 dangerously. The Mooring @CAPS1 project was undertaken in the late 1930s to keep the people of downtown New York safe.
There are a number of reasons why builders face many obstacles when trying to get their ships docked there. In paragraph @NUM1, the excerpt states that most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. Hydrogen can cause fires and destroy the Empire State Building, and possibly downtown New York. Another reason builders run into obstacles when trying to get their ships docked there is because it's illegal. In paragraph @NUM2, the excerpt states that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. This could be dangerous for the citizens of downtown New York.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in the idea of docking a spaceship on such a tall building. Airships, mostly outside the U.S., are made of hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is an extremely flammable gas and very dangerous above densely populated areas like @LOCATION2. Safety is a major concern, and accidents like the Hindenburg's are something they don't want to risk. The ability to dock light aircraft is also difficult. The wind was strong, and when the ropes were attached, the rear end of the craft would be blown off, making it difficult for the pilot of the airship to control. In addition, especially after the Hindenburg incident in New Jersey, there was a law that stipulated that planes could not fly too low. The reality that the airship could hit the spire of another building to dock these light aircraft is a major safety and difficulty issue. These obstacles are exactly what the builders of the Empire State Building faced.
The Empire State Building was originally planned to be the tallest building in the world at @NUM1 feet. Everything was going well before the game. Chrysler Building, threatening to steal the title. When Al Smith announced that he only intended to install a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, it obviously changed the architect's design. "The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that can be illuminated from within, with a setback that mimics the overall shape of the building. The rocket-shaped mast has four wings at the corners. . . and will rises to a conical roof that accommodates the mooring arms." (Luest). Two months after workers began new plans, celebrating the completion of the framework of the entire building "The Empire State Building was doomed to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built. The biggest reason was safety." (Lüsted)
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that the building frame is not prepared for this. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, secured by a single cable tether, will add stress to the building frame." The building's frame cannot handle the docked ship. To fix this, modifications worth over $60,000 had to be made. Another hurdle for builders is that most countries other than the United States use hydrogen rather than helium to make flying vehicles. Hydrogen is so flammable that builders believe an accident like the Hindenburg would be devastating if it happened in a sparsely populated area like New York. The biggest hurdle for builders is the ever-changing wind on top of the building. The changing winds are caused by very violent air. When the digarble is tethered to the mast, its back will keep spinning in circles. They can't use a plumb bob to help keep the zeppelin stable because you can't just hang a heavy lead bob over New York City. From the beginning, the idea of allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building was absurd.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The first hurdle they faced was having to modify and strengthen the building's steel frame. They had to do this because the stresses from the ship's loads and wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the building's foundation. Another hurdle they had to face was that they had to add more floors to the building to make it a total of 102 floors. The 101st floor is a glass viewing area, and the 102nd floor is an open viewing platform.
Builders trying to build a pier on the Empire State Building had to face many hurdles. First of all, spacecraft are similar to giant balloons, @CAPS1 They are made of hydrogen and helium. Among the experts, it says: "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." (pg @NUM1.) @CAPS1, if a craft catches fire near the Empire State Building, it could also be Set the Empire State Building on fire. Dangerous environment for employees and passengers. Next, trying to tie an airship to a building is illegal. "Another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas," the experts said. Penalties can be imposed if anyone violates this law; as a result, this will create new obstacles for builders. Last but not least, the idea of docking an airship on a building is very unsafe. Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "@CAPS2 Mast" gives a third excellent reason why airships are unsafe, "Fear that the wind will blow the airship against the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which will pierce the airship's hull. " In the event of a disaster, many people will be killed or seriously injured. In the end, builders and architects will have a hard time convincing senior government officials to allow planes to park on the Empire State Building, because bad things are sure to overwhelm the good ones.
There are many obstacles to trying to come up with an architectural idea. They had to ensure that the structure of the building could withstand the strong winds that were coming. Also, they had to make sure the top was secure enough so that the ship would dock there without hurting anyone or buildings.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "The Mooring Mask," the builders of the Empire State Building had to face obstacles in order to keep the spaceship docked there. One is "lack of suitable landing zones". They had to make room for the huge ship to land. Second, "adding pressure to the frame of the building". They had to make the structure of the building stronger so it wouldn't crack. In the end, "the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing" and if they can do the job, they need to find a way to calm the wind next to the tower. So, in Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Mask, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face obstacles in order to keep the spaceship docked there.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Mast" passage, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The author brings us "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself". Climate and wind are constantly changing at the height of the building. Then the rear of the ship would spin, which could very well be dangerous. Builders also had to take into account the fact that "most ships...use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". The Empire State Building is located in densely populated central New York state. A ship explosion on top of a building would be very dangerous and would cost a lot of lives. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many challenges when trying to dock the spaceship.
Since the Empire State Building was built to have airships or blimps docked there, workers faced several problems trying to make it happen. The first obstacle the workers encountered was the frame of the building. The building needs to be strong enough for the airship to dock there, and strong winds constantly push the airship in different directions. Docking can be very dangerous without a proper frame. The next hurdle in docking is the hydrogen that powers the spacecraft. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and other accidents involving hydrogen airships have occurred before. Workers realised that in such a "densely populated area" an accident with an airship explosion would be very dangerous. The final hurdle for workers is the strong winds at that height. The wind was so strong that the airship couldn't even get close to the docking point. Workers suggested that depressing the airship would cause weight, but given that weight "would hang high above pedestrians in the street", it was "neither practical nor safe". It seems like a good idea to try and dock the spaceship on the Empire State Building. Over time, the barriers to this got bigger and bigger, eventually shutting down the idea.
According to the excerpt, the builders faced several key hurdles, the safety of the people in and below the spacecraft, and nature itself. People's safety is paramount because if something isn't safe, it's not going to be used. There are many things that can go wrong, for example, the airship hits a spire and kills everyone below. The biggest obstacle is nature. If the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, it will be wrapped around the building or have difficulty reaching the mooring due to wind. In general, mooring masts are not a practical idea. It's just something that came up to compete with the @CAPS1 building, and doesn't take the safety aspect into account.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. An important issue is the mooring mast. According to @ORGANIZATION2, "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." (@NUM1 paragraph) Another issue is the payload of the spaceship. "The stress of ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." (para.@NUM1) One of the main things architects forget to consider is the building frame. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." (@NUM1 paragraph) The Empire State Building's builders encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing zone; "it's also 1,000 feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City." Another obstacle was the weight of the mooring mast. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced," which meant they had to remodel the entire frame to hold the weight of the mooring masts, which would cost over $60,000. Safety is also an issue. Most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, so if it caught fire in a densely populated area like downtown New York, the accident would be far more serious. Another problem is "the constantly changing wind on top of the building due to strong air currents". Due to the wind, the ship will rotate around the mooring mast.
Allowing spaceships to be the new means of transport in the 1920s. There are a lot of problems with having a mooring pier on top of the Empire State Building. One of the main problems is that it is flammable. Helium and hydrogen to lift the spacecraft. With the tiniest spark, the entire airship would burn up in a second. For example, the Hindenburg German zeppelin that exploded in New Jersey on May 6, 1937. So if this happens in a densely populated area like downtown New York, it will be even worse. Another problem with airships is wind. If there is a strong air current, the ship will rotate around the mooring mast when docked. aqlso it is held down by the weight of lead. It is not safe to be on pedestrians.
Based on an excerpt from Mooring Mast by Marcia Covet Amidon, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles in constructing the mooring mast. For example, what laws are actually prohibited builders thinking. The law says airships cannot go too low over urban urban areas. Mooring masts at the Empire State Building when a ship comes in would be a direct violation of the law. Another problem for builders is the danger of airships that will be parked there. Airships, called dirigibles, are like giant balloons that pop up if they hit something sharp enough. The Empire State Building is surrounded by other extreme tall buildings, most of which have long spires on top. So if one of those spires thrashed the ship, it could pop off and plummet to the ground. This raises another question. A pop-up spaceship in New York City, it can kill a large number of people not only on the ground, but on the ground. While building, the Hindenburg crashed into the field, killing all its occupants. What the builders thought would be the consequences if you thought it happened in this city. This was the final straw for builders as they gave up on their lofty goals because of too many problems.
Among experts, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked there. The fabric they use for the spaceship is very light. "The cotton fabrics filled with hydrogen and helium make them lighter than a hair. They also suggest that the architects didn't make an effort to solve the problem." The Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose..."
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered some obstacles when trying to build a spaceship dock. Docks would break the law. Docks also pose a danger to those below. This also puts a lot of stress on the frame of the building. "
In an excerpt from "The Mooring @CAPS1" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building run into a snag while trying to dock the spaceship. One obstacle is the terrifying wind. In the excerpt, it shows how bad the wind is. A spaceship will try to dock there, and the U.S. Navy ship Los Angeles cannot get close because of the high winds. The captain feared that the wind would blow the ship into the spire of a building in the area and pierce the ship's hull. Another reason is that they already have a law that prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. This makes it illegal for any airship to be strapped to a building or even approach it. The last and final obstacle they faced was the fear of a crash. Since most airships from abroad use hydrogen gas instead of helium, it is dangerous because hydrogen gas is very flammable. They heard about the blimp fire in New Jersey, and they realized how bad it would be to have such an accident in a densely populated area like downtown New York. That's the hurdle the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. Gusty winds. law. And don't forget the blimp crash in the New York City area.
Workers will face daunting obstacles when constructing buildings, especially when building the Empire State Building. Al Smith and other building builders faced a number of problems when trying to get the ship to dock there. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building because existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. Also, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM2, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Both of these obstacles explain the failure of the mooring mast. Builders' attempts to dock the spacecraft at the Empire State Building were unsuccessful.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when trying to allow flying machines. The first problem is the material of the spacecraft. Airships "are actually huge steel-framed balloons with a cotton fabric shell filled with hydrogen and helium, making them lighter than air." The first problem is that if it happens to fly into a sharp area of a building, its material might would be broken, "violent airflow" doesn't help. Because the spaceships couldn't handle the weight of the Empire State Building, it was dangerous to let them "hang high above pedestrians in the street." Another obstacle is that the spacecraft is filled with hydrogen. While ships from the United States are filled with hydrogen and helium, "most ships from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. " When these obstacles were encountered, the theory did not hold in reality.
Despite thousands of dollars and countless hours spent on mooring masts, certain obstacles prevented the craft from docking on top of the Empire State Building for safety reasons. First, these airships are not safe to fly over populated areas. Some contain hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. In addition, a German spacecraft named "Hindenburg" caught fire in New Jersey. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "The Empire State Building owners realize that the situation could be worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." The wind at the top of the Empire State Building is very windy. In paragraph 4 it says, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing." It is not safe to dock a ship at the Empire State Building.
In the excerpt from "Mooring Masts," a number of obstacles created problems for the builders of the Empire State Building and their goal of keeping the spacecraft there. The first hurdle that came to the builder's mind was that they "couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@NUM1 paragraph) because it would damage the building under the enormous pressure pull. structure. The second problem facing architects is safety. Incidents such as the Hindenburg in the past have been caused by "hydrogen not helium" which is highly flammable... The Empire State Building owners realized the accident could have gotten worse. The next problem that arises is nature itself, such as dangerous winds. An event that occurred when "U.S. Navy ship, Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds". @CAPS1 There are legal issues, current law prohibits airships from flying so low over urban areas that it is illegal.
The problem facing the builders of the Empire State Building was how to keep the rear end of the airship from swaying in the wind. They can't fix this, as we see in paragraph @NUM1: "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." Dock the airship to the Empire State Building Another issue is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in populated areas. This can be demonstrated in paragraph @NUM2, which says "Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas." Another problem with mooring ships at the Empire State Building is that, Pilots have difficulty mooring their boats. An example of this is in the @NUM2 paragraph, which says "USN's Los Angeles craft approached the mooring mast, but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds."
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The obstacles they face are the strength of the frame, the safety of the ship, @CAPS1 nature and the law. The first hurdle, the frame, wasn't too hard to overcome, it cost @MONEY1 to strengthen it to support the mast and airship. The second obstacle was safety, and on May 6, 1937, the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire due to hydrogen, a highly flammable gas used in the airship. It could have been worse if it happened over a densely populated area like New York. The third hurdle is @CAPS1 Naturally, the violent airflow at the top of the Empire State Building makes it nearly impossible for the ship to dock on the mast. By using LED weights to hold down the rear of the airship, it is neither practical nor safe to suspend it over pedestrians. The final and fourth hurdle facing builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This would even make it illegal to try to dock on a mast.
The Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts. One problem they encountered was using hydrogen instead of helium in the spacecraft. Hydrogen is highly flammable and can actually cause the spacecraft to be destroyed by fire. In addition, the changing winds at the top of the building due to the strong air currents make it difficult for the spacecraft to stop spinning - a safety hazard for pedestrians below. Finally, it is illegal for any type of aircraft to fly so low over an urban area. At first, the mooring mast idea was popular, but in the end it had so many problems that it proved impractical.
In the 1930s, the world was evolving and new technologies were maturing. One of these technologies is a spaceship, and some people want to expand its use. One of the ideas is the morning mast on the Empire State Building. It's a good idea, but the things that stand in its way make it impossible. A major concern is safety, considering it's 1,250 feet tall. "Ships outside of the U.S. mostly use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable. If this thing catches fire, everyone inside will be burned to death or rudely fall to the ground, killing everyone under it. Die. Another big problem is the wind and easy to push it away. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong drafts. These winds make this impossible. One issue that should be addressed from the outset is the law. "Another practical reason why blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas." @CAPS1 This morning's mast is a brilliant idea, there are a lot of things getting in the way.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the complex obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to get their spacecraft to dock there are described. One of the obstacles is competition. "It's planned to be the tallest building in the world, even taller than the new Chrysler Building," (@CAPS1 1). "Al Smith realizes he's about to lose the title of world's tallest building" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). There was a competition for the tallest building between the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. Another obstacle is safety and airships. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lake Hertz, NJ, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the accident could have been worse if it had happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." (@CAPS1 @NUM2). Owners don't want to risk accidents and take people's lives, it's a bad name for them. The hurdles the builders have gone through is a positive thing that opened their eyes to @CAPS2.
There were many hurdles in getting the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. First, "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." This means there is a lot of wind at the top of the building, and if moored, the craft will spin around the mooring mast. In addition, "Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law would prohibit ships from mooring on buildings, even close to the area." This shows that, Considering that a ship can be berthed at the National Building for a short period of time, as there are clear laws against doing so. For any project, you still have to overcome many hurdles.
According to an excerpt from Mooring Masts, there are three main obstacles preventing the Empire State Building's mooring masts from being used as intended. The first OCD is its lack of security. Airships are highly flammable machines when used with hydrogen, and the fires in New York City would be tragic. Another conundrum for mooring masts is @CAPS1 Nature. The moorings are designed to be attached to the airship via electric winches, allowing the airship to move freely. When @ORGANIZATION3's wind blows into this condition, the diridles will "spin around the mask" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) which will cause increased tension on the building frame and lead to a very unsafe environment. The last reason is that a law was created making it illegal for ships to fly too close to urban areas for safety reasons, rendering the entire mooring mast unusable.
According to the excerpt, the hurdle the builders faced when trying to build a spaceship dock at the Empire State Building was: finding a way to make the building bigger than the Chrysler Building, designing the mast and @CAPS1. Al Smith needed a way to build something bigger than the Chrysler Building. He came up with the idea to install a mooring mast on the building. This idea seems great. When designing the mast, the architects realized they couldn't just put the mast on top of the building. They have to modify the base. After changing the skeleton of the building, construction went according to plan. The mast was completed two months later, but the architects forgot that most craft use highly flammable hydrogen. All the work the architects did was in vain because the mooring masts were never used.
When you try to innovate things, there are always challenges. There are hurdles like getting approval, getting support, you also need to be structurally sound. All these problems were faced by Al Smith and these other architects. In the 1920s, airships were considered the future of travel. El Smith wanted to be able to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. Besides getting people to agree with his plan, he has other problems. At that altitude, the wind is very strong. Airships shouldn't fly too close to cities, it's dangerous, and some are highly flammable. Conclusion There are too many huge hurdles to overcome.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. "Hydrogen is highly flammable." The spacecraft runs on hydrogen and helium, and if it catches fire and there are pedestrians all over it, it would be in serious danger. "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." Because the spacecraft would be docked so high with little back-up control, high winds would be a big problem. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." It would also be a violation of the law if the spacecraft were parked there. "...is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." Builders have encountered more hurdles in dealing with docking than just construction.
The obstacle the builders faced when trying to get the ship to dock there was that they had to build a taller building. They also had trouble building it, so workers had to back up the date. Another obstacle they encountered was the mast. "The Empire State Building's mooring masts were destined to fail their purpose. The workers weren't going to face so many obstacles, they just wanted to get the job done.
The hurdle faced by builders of empire states is trying to make sure that buildings don't collapse.
Some of the problems builders face when building masts on top of buildings is that builders can't just put the masts on the flat roof of the building because the wind will stress the frame where the airship might hang. The steel frame of the building had to be modified and reinforced to make the mast. The cost of these modifications is another issue for both of them.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. The main obstacle is that the builder can't @CAPS1 put the mooring mast on the Empire State Building because it has a flat roof. Mooring masts put pressure on the frame of the building. To overcome this obstacle, the architects had to modify and strengthen the frame. Over $60,000 was spent on frame modifications. The biggest obstacle, however, was nature, for which the builders were powerless. The violent airflow causes the wind direction on the top of the building to change constantly. On open fields, the airship can be held down behind using LED weights, but it is neither practical nor safe if there are pedestrians around. Without being depressed, the ship will spin.
When building the Empire State Building, the builders encountered multiple obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock on top of @CAPS1. One hurdle for the builders was the modification, "the stress from the airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation." With this hurdle, the contractor needed @CAPS1 to reinforce the frame and foundation. The hurdle noted in the excerpt is that "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of flammable helium." @CAPS2 Hydrogen is flammable, and it would be bad if the ship exploded on the streets of New York. These are the hurdles that contractors face during construction of the Empire State Building.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. Builders face obstacles because "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building". An example would be "a thousand-foot-long spaceship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame." Stress in the spaceship's moor can bend and weaken the building's frame. This is just one of the hurdles facing builders, but there are more.
Builders encountered many obstacles when building the Empire State Building. One hurdle was Al Smith competing with the Chrysler Building. It is forty-six feet taller than the Empire State Building. This led Smith to bring the State Building to a height of 1,250 feet. This led to another hurdle, where he wanted to add a mooring mast on top of it to dock the new airship. This didn't work due to lack of landing space. A thousand-foot spaceship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a rope, would put pressure on the building's frame. In the end I just explained the barriers to the Empire State Building.
When building the Empire State Building, architects faced a number of hurdles when deciding to use the Empire State Building to talk, load, and reload their ships. How to dock a ship to the side of a building is one of the biggest concerns, but the amount of stress this will cause is an even bigger concern. But the biggest obstacle to this project is the wind, nature itself. The concern is that the wind will blow the ship into nearby buildings, and tethering the ship is not an option for safety reasons. Because the architects were unable to overcome these obstacles, the Empire State Building was never used for its original purpose.
The first hurdle is their expanded use in New York City as lakes suitable for landing zones. Because some are a thousand feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City. The second is that there is hydrogen in the spacecraft, which is highly flammable. And realize how bad an accident could have happened if it happened in New York, because that's where they are. They had to rethink their plans. Another reason is that the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered challenging obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. "The biggest obstacle is nature itself". This is a huge problem for mooring masts, as they cannot land close to buildings. It's too windy. Second, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". This means that because there are so many people in a small area of downtown New York, blimps and other planes are too dangerous to go this low. Finally, spacecraft from out-of-state use hydrogen instead of helium "Hydrogen is very flammable" After the German Hindenburg fire, it became clear that risking an accident over the heads of thousands of pedestrians was a bad idea. Obstacles found too late; before they were built, which is why airships are not allowed to land on the Empire State Building to this day.
Obstacles to overcome, the idea of creating a docking platform on top of what is about to be declared the "tallest building" will be tough. The steps taken to realize this idea started with consulting an expert. They toured the equipment and mooring operations at @ORGANIZATION1, NJ. By the time construction began, the pressure the building absorbed from the mass of the airship became a problem. They modified the building frame to fit the new situation. They also designed a stainless steel tower whose setback design mimics the building's overall shape. More than $60,000 worth of retrofits to achieve 'mooring mast' goals
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle is that many ships other than @LOCATION4 use hydrogen instead of helium. The problem is that hydrogen is highly flammable." When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized it could be worse if an accident occurred. Above densely populated areas like downtown New York." @CAPS1 Can only imagine how miserable and chaotic that would be. Another hurdle for builders is nature. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly turning to the violent airflow. This means that these ships may be swept back. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building are trying to get the ships to park there.
In paragraph @NUM1 it states, "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built." These reasons are first due to flammable gases, second due to nature itself, and finally is an existing law. As stated in the @NUM1 paragraph, "Most spacecraft outside of the US use hydrogen instead of helium." @CAPS1 They don't want flammable hydrogen in populated areas. Paragraph @NUM3 now states, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing." @CAPS2 The ship is not stable enough. Finally I said in the @NUM4 paragraph. "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over an urban area. This law would prohibit tying up on buildings or even approaching the area." @CAPS3 As mentioned above, the airship will never be able to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Builders have to be careful about safety, which plays a big role in the craft. Many spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Because hydrogen is highly flammable, they didn't want the city to be destroyed and risk a fire. Another problem is nature itself. There is a violent air current above the building and there is no danger to local New York pedestrians. The final hurdle facing builders trying to pursue the idea of an airship is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. It was illegal for them to even allow it in the area of the building, and with so many problems in the development of the ship plan, the idea of using them quietly disappeared.
Some of the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building are. How to build a morning mast. How to attach the mooring mast to the frame of the Empire @CAPS1 building.
In the excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The main obstacle is the lack of suitable landing zones. Airships need to land on a large area. El Smith said a mooring mast would be added to the top of the building so the spacecraft could land for a few hours. During landing, the spacecraft may be "refueled or serviced, and passengers disembarked." Passengers can safely disembark and disembark the airship by walking to the open platform via the ramp. Architects had trouble placing mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building because they were concerned about having to transmit the ship's load and wind pressure. Airships have issues with safety, most use hydrogen instead of helium, but hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle to mooring masts is nature itself, which is not safe for airships due to strong drafts and strong winds. The actual reason airships are not allowed to moor at @ORGANIZATION2 is that the law prohibits airships from flying too low. The idea of a spaceship was given to an airplane. The hurdle that the builders of @ORGANIZATION3 encountered when trying to get the ship docked there has been resolved.
According to the excerpt, the workers encountered many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1, the architects said "they couldn't simply put the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building." The reason is that the top of the roof is held together by only one cable tether. Landing something so heavy on the roof would increase the stress on the frame of the building. To get the ship there, they need to strengthen and modify the building frame, which will cost at least more than @MONEY1. Instead of doing this, the architects designed a glass, chrome and stainless steel tower from the inside, it's @CAPS1. This will "raise a conical roof that accommodates the mooring arms". - Paragraph @NUM2. Elevators will also be inside to help passengers board the spacecraft.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in building it. One obstacle they encountered was that the spaceship could not be docked there due to the lack of a mooring mast. When the architects and engineers built the building, they placed a mooring that could not be placed. The mast's flat roof. They said the Empire State Building's frame had to be modified and strengthened to fix the situation. Another obstacle was that they couldn't use the rope to support the mooring mast, because the spacecraft couldn't support it. These are some of the obstacles that architects have encountered.
Some of the hurdles the Empire State Building builders faced when trying to dock the ship was that the wind at that altitude was always changing, making it difficult to land the ship. Additionally, the spacecraft is highly flammable because hydrogen gas is used instead of helium. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow." The project was a bad idea from the start. "Another practical reason why blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas." They even tried before giving up. "Dec 1930, @ORGANIZATION2 Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but couldn't get close to mooring due to strong winds. It just didn't do the job, so it didn't work.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get their ships docked there are predictable by many. The obstacles that ships face in docking there are due to many variables, such as climate, buildings, and most ships themselves. The climate mentioned in the @NUM1 paragraph includes dangerous and irresistible winds because the empire builds itself. The surrounding urban areas have sharp hulls breaking through spires, which are NUM2 times more likely due to wind. Finally there is a crash. Airships are made with a steel frame wrapped in cotton and filled with hydrogen to make it lighter, which unfortunately is highly flammable.
In order for the ship to dock at the Empire State Building, many changes had to be made. Both builders and planners face many obstacles. First, to consider the idea, they have to "consult an expert," which means visiting and doing research. They had to find a "safe way to moor the airship on this mast". The next hurdle is in the @NUM1 segment. Docking a ship to a building puts "stress" on the frame of the building. Builders had to "modify and strengthen" the frame. The last hurdle they had to face was designing the tower. The builders eventually settled on a rocket-shaped mast with four wings at the corners to accommodate the mooring arms. They also had to install machines to winch. Overall, builders had to make drastic changes, cost a lot of money, and all ended up being unsafe.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when it came to building the top of the Empire State Building. According to the excerpt, architects couldn't just put mooring masts on the roof of the Empire State Building. Also, mounting a thousand-foot-long ship on top of a building, while being held in place by a single cable, would add too much stress to the building's frame. To keep the ship in place, they will pay. Quoting the article, "The pressure of airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundations of the building...The Empire State Building must be remodeled and strengthened...$60,000" is worthy of revision. " Technical and financial issues made it difficult for architects to build mooring masts on top of Empire State Building
The builder had some problems getting it to dock there. One problem is that "most spacecraft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" says the @NUM1 page. All of this is to reduce the weight of the airship, but it may also be a risk to the folks said on the @NUM1 page.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. To get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring mast, the architects had to do a lot. For example, in @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says "The steel frame of the Empire State Building must be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation". Also in @CAPS1 @NUM2 it says "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". These factors and more are the reasons why mooring masts are never used for safety and legal reasons.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One reason is security. Paragraph @ NUM1 in the excerpt explains, "Most spacecraft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." An accident on the mast, then the accident can get ugly. Another reason is nature itself. Paragraph @NUM2 explains, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." This is another safety concern, as the spacecraft would hang above pedestrians on the street. A third hurdle is existing laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. As you can see, these are some of the obstacles faced by builders.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to dock the spaceship. If the airship is suitable for docking at the Empire State Building, there is an obstacle. Another obstacle is the mast. These obstacles made the building fail, such as the author said in @CAPS1 thirteen: "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to fail its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built". Yes, @CAPS1 Five states say airships are actually giant steel-framed balloons with envelopes made of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make the air lighter. "@CAPS1 Six states said, "Some are as long as a thousand feet. How could an airship the size of @CAPS2 have successfully landed on the Empire State Building. @CAPS1 9 also said: "A thousand-foot airship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame . "@CAPS1 also noted, "The airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation, which is located nearly 1,100 feet below. "These are just a few of them. Obstacle builders have to contend with. The fate of the mast in @CAPS1 @NUM1 says "neither practical nor safe". Architects turn a blind eye to potential problems with masts. In the end, masts are A great attempt, but a real failure.
The architects of the new building had three big problems getting the airship moored on top. The first problem was high winds at high altitudes, making it difficult for the ship to dock.” The captain was worried that the wind would blow the ship onto the spires of other buildings in the area, puncturing the ship’s hull and thus unable to even take his hand off the lever take away". Second, the back of the spaceship will not be restrained. This problem can lead to a safety hazard when people get off, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong drafts. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the boat will spin around and around the mooring mast. ." This effect can also make takeoffs challenging and dangerous. The last reason is that it is illegal to fly an aircraft so low over a city, which has eliminated the possibility of allowing blimps to be parked on top. Overall the idea was not well thought out and rushed so it would be the first building in the world to have an airship mooring mast
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Masts, the builders encountered many obstacles when trying to build the Empire State Building to be docked there using an airship. One hurdle for architects and engineers is that "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium" (@NUM1), which is very dangerous because hydrogen is highly flammable. Another hurdle faced is "the changing wind on top of the building due to strong airflow." (@NUM2) Even if the airship is tied to the mooring mast, "the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast" (@NUM2) ) Another problem caused by the wind is "the wind can blow the airship against the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which can pierce the hull of the airship" (@NUM4) A final example of an obstacle is that there is a law that says all" Airships flying too low in urban areas" (@NUM4) is illegal. Even if there is no law that says "it is illegal for a boat to dock on a building or even approach the area" (@NUM4), even an attempted attempt would be very dangerous to those around and below, and the building itself.
The hurdle that @CAPS1 at the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the ship docked there was the safety of the people below. Also as @CAPS2 @NUM1 said "Current law prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas." Another main reason is @CAPS2 @NUM2. The wind changed drastically.
Obstacles Empire State Building is a balloon made of flammable material, the wind blows, spaceships around
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In the "Mooring Mask" excerpt by @PERSON1. The architects and engineers of the Empire State Building were very competitive and wanted the building to be very tall, they didn't use a very good plan. They wanted the building to have a great top and wanted it to be useful too, so they wanted the ship to dock there. When they looked at the history of how many accidents had occurred, they found it was not a good idea. If an accident like this happened in New York, it would be a big deal because so many people live there. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow." The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mask. They thought it would be unsafe for many reasons. That's why builders go through hurdles
According to @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and the architects encountered several hurdles in building areas where Blimps could land, making it impossible for @CAPS3 to implement. One of the reasons @CAPS4 @CAPS3 @CAPS5 is due to air law making it illegal to fly too low in urban areas. Another conflict is that @CAPS6 wind can push the airship's story against the sharp spires of adjacent buildings, which will make the airship pop like a balloon.
In the excerpt from "Mooring Masts," I see how the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there. The Empire State Building was already standing when the architect decided to renovate and build a dock for the spaceship. The architects working on the project had to strengthen the building frame. They must also have maids and control machinery for the ship's mooring. The architects also needed to install enclosed elevators and stairs to take passengers to the ground floor and back. The renovation was completed to become the Empire State Building, with 102 floors. After the building was built, the owners discovered that they could not let the spacecraft into the building. They would break the rules of airships flying at low altitudes in urban areas. So the Empire State Building is finished, but you can't use it to build spaceships.
El Smith announced that the Empire State Building would reach a new height of 1,250 feet on December 11, 1929. His plan was to build a mooring mast on top of the building, making it suitable for modern travel. When trying to get the ship to dock there, Boulder faced three main obstacles. The first hurdle is safety. Most ships other than @LOCATION2 use highly flammable hydrogen. When the Hindenburg burned down in a fire, the owners of the Empire State Building began to worry about a more serious accident in New York. The second and biggest obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing, which will cause the back of the airship to rotate around the mast. The only way to fix this is to use a plumb bob. This is neither practical nor safe. The final hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This makes it illegal for airships to be strapped to buildings. In conclusion, the three main obstacles facing builders are safety, nature and law.
The hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get their ships docked there was that there wasn't enough space for them to land. They are the same length as four blocks in New York City. They also need to consult experts and visit equipment. They carried out a lot of experiments and tests on the spacecraft. It's also dangerous to let them land there. It is also bad for the environment because hydrogen is used and it is highly flammable. The spaceship can't be docked there because it's unstable and it's not safe for people.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is placing the mooring mast on top of the building. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot spaceship mounted on top of the building ... adds stress to the building's frame." Architects by modifying the building framework to solve this problem. Another problem is wind. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." @CAPS1 has a wire connected to the front, and the ship will turn around because the back is exposed to the wind. This problem has not been resolved. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles, some overcame but not the rest, leading to the eventual failure of the mooring mast.
Al Smith has a great idea. When he thought he would have a shipable station dock on top of the world's tallest building. He was very creative and wanted to make the most of his architectural potential. Although there are many problems with this idea. One is the downtown area below, where many live in downtown New York and it is illegal to fly zeppelins over densely populated areas. Another important issue was strong winds, which made docking on buildings very difficult. A number of hurdles have been encountered in realizing Al Smith's dream of docking a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building.
Some of the things they face are security risks. As they say in @CAPS1 @NUM1 when the Hindenburg was destroyed, they said: "The owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad that accident could have gotten if it had happened over New York." As Another obstacle they face, as they say in @CAPS1 @NUM2, is "nature itself". The wind will drive the @CAPS3 airship like crazy. The last issue is that the law states that an airship can @CAPS3 be lower than a city city.
@DATE1's spaceship is considered the transportation of the future. To put New York at the forefront of modern travel, the architects and builders of the Empire State Building rushed to the challenge of building the mooring masts, failing to recognize the obstacles ahead. When architects designed the mast, they quickly realized that the building's frame could not support the weight of the top of its flat roof. Making these adjustments cost builders more time and cost New York City more money. Also, the workers didn't think about romance. In this excerpt, the author says "USN's Los Angeles craft approached the mooring mast, but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds." @CAPS1 Workers should consider possible obstacles before building a large project like a mooring mast .
Al Smith, four-time governor of New York and head of the Empire State Building construction, had a vision. His vision was to build a 250-foot mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, making it not only the tallest building in the world, but also capable of docking passengers and delivering cargo through the use of airships or blimps. Unfortunately, a lot of @CAPS1 confronted the builders of the Empire State Building about allowing airships to be docked on the mast. The main problems faced by the builders are the materials for making the ship, nature and the law of the airship. The first hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when docking the spaceship to the mast was the material of the spaceship. According to @ORGANIZATION2's article "Mooring Masts", "Most craft...use hydrogen...highly flammable..." Builders realize this poses a huge security threat , especially in densely populated cities. The second hurdle that builders face when docking their ships to the mast is nature itself. The article states, "Due to strong air currents, winds on top of buildings are constantly changing...neither practical nor @NUM1). Construction workers realize that getting passengers up and down the mast can be very dangerous in harsh weather conditions The last hurdle facing construction workers is neglected airship laws. The story goes, "…existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas," (@ORGANIZATION2). Workers realize this It's against the law and even tying airships to buildings. All in all, the three main @CAPS1 faced by the builders of the Empire State Building regarding permission to dock airships on masts are the airship's material, nature and airship laws.
In the project to build the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, there were some problems. The idea of the mooring mast is to be able to dock the airship to the top of the Empire State Building + to be able to get passengers from + into the building + off the airship. The biggest problem it faces is the high wind speeds in the air. At nearly NUM1 feet in the air, the wind blows through even a massive, steel, docked ship. When New York Gov. Al Smith came up with the idea to build the mast, it wasn't until later that he realized it was a somewhat ridiculous task. In paragraph @NUM2, it states, "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never serve its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built." After being ruled impossible, people began to realize that everyone All just got caught up in new modern travel ideas in an attempt to get back to reality.
In the excerpt, it talks about making the Empire State Building the tallest building in New York. Before architects built the Chrysler Building, it was the tallest building. At 1,046 feet tall, the Chrysler Building is 46 feet taller than the Empire State Building. So El Smith realized he would lose faith in having the tallest building. Then he came up with the idea of adding a top or a hat to the building. The idea that Al Smith came up with was to add a landing spot to the airship or blimp. Al Smith knew it wasn't going to be easy, so he figured out why it might not work. He had to design another figure that could accommodate the mass of an airship. He also had to consider how passengers would get on and off the airship. He also remembers that most airships use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable. For example, the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Hurst Lake.
The builders of the Empire State Building had several problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. One problem was strengthening the frame of the building. This is necessary because additional pressure from ship loads and wind needs to be transferred all the way down to the foundation. Edits must be made to the existing skeleton of the building. In fact, these edits cost more than $60,000. Another problem facing builders is building the mast itself. To give it its unique look, the architects made the tower out of glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. They had to place the machine at the bottom of this tower. Builders also have to make sure passengers can use it; they make sure luggage and people can get to and from the plane. Here are two challenges builders face when building the Empire State Building. Although no masts are currently used, this design makes the building one of the most famous in the world.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle for builders is high winds. The Empire State Building is so high that the winds are very fast and constantly change direction due to the violent air currents. This makes it difficult to dock the spacecraft. Another obstacle is the surrounding pedestrians and other buildings. Most balloons are filled with highly flammable hydrogen gas. If the ship catches fire or crashes, it will cause a lot of damage to the city and its people. The structure of the building also proved to be a hindrance. The ships are so large that the building structures are in danger of failing and destroying the buildings. The final hurdle the building faces is the law making it illegal for boats to be attached to buildings or even fly that low in urban areas. Despite several attempts, the Empire State Building was unable to get the spacecraft to dock on it.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. As stated in @CAPS1 @NUM1, the ship is "secured by a cable tether that adds stress to the frame of the building" and the issue that wind pressure doesn't help either. Another problem is, as stated in @CAPS1 @NUM2, "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium", ... "Hydrogen is highly flammable", also in @CAPS1 @NUM2 In, "the owner of the Empire State Building realizes, "If the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, it could have been worse. These are the questions that builders face.
In an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems with their ideas. The builders thought they could build a successful landing dock for the spacecraft. Everything they did went according to plan, but when it came time to test, it didn't work. There are some problems with the idea of using the Empire State Building as a landing dock for the ship. One reason this was unsuccessful was because the ship couldn't get close enough to connect the building to tie a rope to something in order for the ship to be ankered. But the balloon can't get close to the building because the point at the top of the building makes it too hard. If it gets close to the point, it could puncture the balloon, which is impossible because the gas supporting it would come out and the balloon would fall. There is another main reason why their plan didn't work. Another major reason is wind. The wind would get so wild that the rear of the airship would rock back and forth, dangerous for passengers. They can't be weighed with heavy objects, which is dangerous for pedestrians in the city @CAPS1, which is the main reason why the plan to dock the airship at the Empire State Building doesn't work.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION1 put up a lot of obstacles to keep the ship docked there. First, there is a lack of suitable landing zones. That's a daunting hurdle, as builders need to think about a place where the blimp can land in a crowded place like New York City. Next, was looking for a safe way to install the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. This is another tough hurdle because if the mast is just placed on top of the building it will add stress to the frame of the building which is dangerous. Finally, and most importantly, is the question of nature. At the top of the building, the wings are constantly moving due to the violent airflow. This is an extremely dangerous obstacle because the wind causes the ship to constantly move and sway. Also, if they were held down by lead weights to protect them from the wind, the weights would hang above pedestrians on the street. Builder @ORGANIZATION1 put up many different obstacles in order to dock the ship to the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the builders faced a number of problems in allowing the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. First, security will be a big concern. At the time, most spacecraft used hydrogen (which is highly flammable) rather than helium to power them. This means that in the event of a malfunction such as a fire, not only the spaceship will catch fire, but the Empire State Building will also catch fire. Another obstacle that builders have to face is nature. According to paragraph @NUM1 read, the Empire State Building location has "violent drafts" and wind direction. This problem can cause the airship to not remain stable. While offering solutions such as suspending lead weights on the back of the ship, this only leads to more problems. If lead weight drops, where does it land? The answer will be on the streets of @ORGANIZATION2 where pedestrians can be harmed. If they go ahead with their spaceship program, the final barrier builders will have to pass, and it will be a law. The law states (from reading) that airships cannot fly too low in urban areas. So in theory, all plans by the builders of this mixture have to be put on hold due to government laws. All in all, many problems arose during the construction and plans were drawn up to make a "ship dock".
According to the excerpt, the hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to dock their ships would be that the architects could not simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, because there are thousands of feet of ships moored to the building's The top, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly 1,110 feet below. Sixty thousand dollar modifications to the frame The biggest obstacle to the mooring mast is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, "the thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether," was a problem. Therefore, the steel frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the airship. Next, they faced the fact that the spacecraft from outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable.” When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened at a height above the densely populated areas, such as downtown New York." @CAPS1, the biggest obstacle is that the wind on top of the building changes due to the violent airflow. If your spaceship is parked over pedestrians and weighed down with lead, it can lead to disaster. While trying to dock the ship to the Empire State Building, the builders realized there were too many obstacles interfering with it, which would never happen.
In this excerpt from "Mooring the Mast," author @ORGANIZATION2 explains some of the hurdles builders have to face when trying to get their ships docked to the Empire State Building's mast. First, the spacecraft are large and heavy and require landing space. @ORGANIZATION2 said "something...the same length as four blocks in NYC." If the builders wanted to put the @CAPS1 ship on top of the building, they would need a lot of space to build a large landing pad to land safely. Second, they decided they couldn't land the spacecraft on a flat roof and decided to tether it with a cable tether. "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on... flat roofs," the authors said. They realised that the weight of the spacecraft would deform the building structure and that strong winds could damage the building's foundations. In conclusion, the workers face many obstacles in order to keep the @CAPS1 spacecraft on top of the country.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to build a dock for the spaceship. One issue is security. While American ships use helium, other countries' ships are filled with the highly flammable helium. If the spacecraft were to ignite in a densely populated area like New York City, the results would be deadly. Naturally, problems with mooring masts also arise. The winds above the buildings are too strong and fast and could damage the ship. Finally, federal law says that planes can't be parked that close to a building. These three factors kept the spacecraft from docking on the Empire State Building.
A number of complications arose throughout the construction of the Empire State Building with its spaceship dock. At @CAPS1, buildings cannot simply place mooring masts on top of buildings. The roof is flat, so the ship will add stress to the building. They need more than @MONEY1 to modify the build framework. Then they realized that most spacecraft were using hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable and unsafe. They had problems with nature itself. At the top of the Empire State Building, the wind is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Even if they were to mooring the mooring mast, the rear of the boat would rotate around the mooring mast. So it's neither possible nor safe to have people on the streets of @CAPS2. There is also an existing law that prohibits airships that fly too low over urban areas. All of this gives way to airplanes, so even if airships aren't useful, it helps.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle is the use of hydrogen instead of helium in countries other than the United States. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and if it catches fire over a city, the consequences would be catastrophic. Another obstacle is that at these altitudes, the wind blows the rear of the spacecraft. Perhaps the most obvious obstacle to allowing blimps to dock at the Empire State Building is the law that blimps cannot fly below a certain altitude over the city. All of these obstacles combined made the project impractical and impossible
Going back to the roaring @NUM1's and @NUM2's, New York City is a popular place that needs to adapt to modern travel styles. A new and stylish way to travel is the airship or airship. These @ORGANIZATION2 balloons have nowhere to dock in @ORGANIZATION2, and solving this is harder than expected. Al Smith, the architect of the Empire State Building, decided he could use the top of the tower as a mooring mast for these airships. After tweaking the entire building to accommodate the changes, Smith ran into some issues. The first @ORGANIZATION2 question surfaced when a German airship exploded in New Jersey. This lets Smith know that getting any @CAPS1 airships close is a bad idea, as most non-US crafts are filled with "highly flammable hydrogen" that could lead to disaster. Another obstacle is "wind on top of the building...moved by...drafts", which would cause the ship to sway freely and dangerously in the wind. With the wind, they could hit towers and "hang over pedestrians". The @CAPS2 valve also comes into play as existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas" which would make any blimpable activity at the Empire State Building completely illegal.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in constructing a mooring mast for the airship to dock at the top building. The stress and pressure of the thousand-foot spaceship docked on top of the building was too great for the original frame of the building to support, so they had to reinforce and reinforce the frame and foundation in order to transfer the pressure to the foundation of the building. Another hurdle is that most ships other than @LOCATION2 are filled with hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is more flammable and hydrogen blimps like the German blimp Hindenburg were destroyed in fires, they didn't want that to happen to the population of New York. The final obstacle is the drastic and changing airflow over the building. Even though the front of the airship or "mast" is tied to the mooring mast, its rear will rotate around the mooring mast. The many invisible obstacles to the mooring mast make it an impractical stop for the airship. In the 1930s, after the planes disappeared, the spaceships disappeared, and the ticketing and bagging rooms were turned into visitor and field observer areas.
When the builders of the Empire State Building were building the dock, they encountered a lot of @CAPS2. One of @CAPS2 is the airflow at the top of the building. The spacecraft would not be able to stay still and let passengers off safely. Evidence to support this claim comes from the article itself, which says: "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong drafts." Another obstacle for builders is the law . The law prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in populated areas. Therefore, it is illegal for an airship to attempt to dock at the Empire State Building. This is explained in paragraph 15 of the article, when it says: "This law will make it illegal for ships to dock on buildings or even near the area..." @CAPS1, docking these ships becomes very dangerous In densely populated areas or near buildings as they are at risk of explosion. For example, the Hindenburg spaceship in 1937. The article explains that builders are aware of this new threat, "...the Empire State Building owners realize how bad an accident could get..." @CAPS2 plagued the construction of the pier.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Unforeseen safety issues led to the decline of creative uses for buildings. "The biggest reason is safety. Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1). When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire, they saw some dangerous effects of hydrogen. "Empire State Building owners realize how bad an accident could get if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York" (@CAPS1). Other problems faced by builders of buildings are those of nature. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong airflow" (@CAPS1). This makes it difficult for the spacecraft to dock safely on the mast. "Even if the ship is moored to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast" (@CAPS1). Not only is nature fighting against the builder, but the law is fighting too. It was almost an oversight by the builders, not realizing that they would be breaking the law by building this mooring mast. "This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, or even approaching the area" (@CAPS1). While the idea of building an airship mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building may seem innovative and practical, it is irrelevant due to the many obstacles that have held back the builders of the Empire State Building.
By trying to build a mast on the Empire State Building, builders ran into all kinds of problems. The purpose of this mast is to allow the airship or blimp to dock. However, many of these problems are the effects of the spacecraft itself. In paragraph thirteen, line @NUM1, the author talks about some of the dangers of craft, "Most craft... use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." Another hurdle is location. This was considered very unsafe because if the airship caught fire, it would land in downtown New York, not a remote cornfield. Finally, the wind changes often at that height. If the airship will be blown around the building, it is an unwise decision to dock in this area.
Al Smith was a man who had the idea of building the world's tallest building, and he didn't give up. On December 11, 1929, he announced that the target height of the Empire State Building would be 1,250 feet. He also wants traffic to get involved. The hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was the lack of a landing zone. Al-Smith thought he could add a mooring mast to the top of the building, where the blimp could be moored for a few hours for refueling or service, and to allow passengers to disembark and disembark. One of the biggest obstacles to getting an airship docked there is the weather. A spacecraft parked in an open landing pad could carry the weight, where it could hang above pedestrians on the street. It is also an existence. Laws against airships, flying too low in urban areas.
In life, many people plan to make or build an amazing object, but have to accomplish amazing feats in order to do so. In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, @ORGANIZATION1 has plans to build the world's tallest building, but in order to do so he has to overcome a number of hurdles you and I may never have imagined. On December 11, 1929, the Empire State Building was declared the tallest building in the world. Many obstacles were encountered in the construction of this massive structure. One of the obstacles is allowing ships to dock on buildings. "The biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." This sentence suggests that it may not be safe to dock the spacecraft due to the wind. Another hurdle citing airships docked at the Empire State Building is that "current law prohibits airships from flying over low altitudes in urban areas." This sentence suggests that it may be illegal to allow spaceships to dock on the Empire State Building. In life, we overcome huge obstacles, but sometimes we cannot overcome the obstacles we face.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," it describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders encountered when trying to get their ships docked there. In the @NUM1 paragraph, they describe that one of the biggest reasons is safety, since most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. In the @NUM2 paragraph, they also describe another obstacle as nature itself, as the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. Even a sloop moored in an open landing pad can be crushed behind by lead, which can be dangerous for pedestrians. In paragraph @NUM3, they describe another reason brigs can't be moored at the Empire State Building because existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even approach the area. These are some examples of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in allowing their ships to dock there.
The Empire State Building hit a snag while trying to get the ship to dock there. A number of hurdles severely hindered attempts to build a spaceship dock. For example, the Empire State Building is in a very dense urban location. At the time, most spacecraft outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium. The main difference between the two is that hydrogen is more flammable than helium. So, if the hydrogen in the spacecraft were to ignite, it would create a catastrophic fire. The impact could be as destructive as the Hindenburg, which ignited over Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937. The results of the Hindenburg accident forced builders and engineers to look for safer alternative solutions. Explosive gases aren't the only problem, though. Strong winds hit the top of the Empire State Building. If the wind blows the docked craft off course, the results can be fatal. Pedestrians on the ground could be injured if the spacecraft catches fire or is blown off course.
Airships or airships are seen as the transportation of the future. To add height and serve its purpose, the architects of the Empire State Building decided to build a mooring mast on the building to accommodate "aviation pioneers". @CAPS1 The mast is built and gives the building the required height, it will never be possible to use it as a docking station for an airship. Obstacles the builders encountered when trying to dock the spacecraft included the height of the building, wind speed and the safety of civilians. The height of the building is 1,250 feet, so the airflow changes drastically. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." Dirigibles also uses hydrogen as fuel and lead to reduce weight ; however, through the use of the mast, the use of hydrogen and lead weights created a safety hazard for the civilians below. Builders created mooring masts to dock the craft, but the idea caused problems and never materialized.
Trying to get the ship to dock on the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles. One reason is that an airship suspended from a single rope increases the stress on the building's frame. This pressure can cause building foundations to crack. This obstacle caused the architects to have to strengthen the foundation, which cost them more than $60,000 in modifications. Another hurdle was that they had to build another floor for passengers and have elevators take passengers to the eighty-sixth floor, where their luggage and ticketing area would be placed. These observation areas will double as boarding areas for the spacecraft's passengers. Once that was done, they completed the roof before framing the mooring masts. Another obstacle is nature itself, the wind on top of buildings is always changing, and airships usually land in open fields and can be held down with lead weights, but not at the Empire State Building, where they would hang on the street on the head of the pedestrian. Another obstacle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to tether a ship or even approach the Empire State Building. All these obstacles led to the idea of airships and mooring masts, since airships were gone.
The builders of the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there, a trivial effort. They tried many different ways to get around this idea. There are several different theories as to what is best and how to develop Al Smith and John Tauranac's mooring masts. Everyone has a different idea of the outcome of the entire structure. The architects designed a new glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that stretches from the base of the Empire State Building to the top. This structure helps support the mooring area where the spacecraft is docked. But Mast's fate was not bright. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast was never destined to fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built." That statement is entirely true. And to show that the architect's work was never fully planned, and the durability of the mast was overly pursued.
According to the excerpt, the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when atteptin allowed the spaceship to dock were recreational spaces. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. An even bigger obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself, with constantly changing winds on top of buildings due to strong air currents. Even with the ship tethered to the mooring mast, it can't do anything, the rear of the ship will spin around the mooring mast.
Installing a mooring mass on top of the Empire State Building would make the building and New York City extremely important to modern travel in the 1930s. Alas, many difficult obstacles kept the mast out of the way. First, to get the mast to the top, the building frame must be reinforced and reinforced, which is laborious and expensive. Second, the builders had to deal with the possibility of the airship exploding. Another hurdle for builders is nature. Due to the constant movement of the top of the building and high winds, the zeppelin would sway and spin around the mast, making unloading passengers difficult and dangerous. In high winds, the zeppelin could even break away from its moorings and crash into the city below, potentially killing hundreds. In the end, the builders didn't take into account laws that prohibit airships from flying too close to urban areas. The law makes it illegal for any airship to approach the Empire State Building, let alone dock on it. The idea of a mooring mast on the Empire State Building was a brilliant one, albeit doomed from the start.
The mooring mast by @ORGANIZATION2 is mostly about builders and architects trying to put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building in New York. At first, the main idea of the mooring mast was to have the spacecraft dock on the mooring mast in order to land and carry passengers. The mooring mast is needed because "architects can't simply put a mooring mast on the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof. A thousand-foot spaceship is moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame . The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. (@NUM1 paragraph). One reason this plan did not work out is that it is not safe because the hydrogen used by the ship is highly flammable (which may cause Severe fires). Also, if it's a windy day, the ship can be blown around by the wind. To stop that, they have lead weights to lighten them, but they can't use those weights for Everyone and other buildings around. Also, ships can't fly too low in these areas. While the plan didn't work, it's best to keep everyone safe.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, both during and after construction. During the creation of the mooring mast, architects had to figure out how to place it on top of the building, as the stress of loads and wind pressure would increase the stress on the building's frame; instead, they had to transfer the load and pressure to the Foundation, modification and reinforcement of the steel frame of the building. Builders also wanted the masts to be aesthetically pleasing, requiring towers made of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel, rising to a tapered roof and lit from within. After the mooring mast was created, more difficulties arose. The safety of the masts was an issue because airships outside the United States that used hydrogen were so flammable that the German airship Hindenburg caught fire. Winds on top of buildings also pose a hazard, as they are constantly diverted from the violent air currents. The airship will rotate around the mooring mast. Another obstacle is that the law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal to tie an airship to a building or even fly too close to the area.
In "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2, it reveals many of the problems with docking airships on top of the Empire State Building. Architect Al Smith, who works on the Empire State Building, sees no problems with the mooring masts. The architect soon realised that mooring masts would add stress to the building's frame and cost @MONEY1 to modify. After seeing what happened to the German spacecraft Hindenburg in Lakehurst, the architects quickly realized that filling the sky with highly flammable hydrogen over densely populated New York City would not be a good idea. Nature itself does not allow the construction of mooring masses. With such violent airflow at the 150-foot height of @ORGANIZATION1, the architect realized that the idea could not hold. The spacecraft will spin because it can't carry the weight like it can on an open landing pad. They cannot use these weights because it is neither practical nor safe to hang them over pedestrians' heads. There is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to attempt to dock a ship on top of the Empire State Building. In the end, the idea of having spaceships docked at the Empire State Building and becoming the new form of modern transportation was quickly scrapped.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building. On the one hand, New York City doesn't have enough landing space for them, which ends up making things harder. Additionally, they were forced to put more work into the building by strengthening and modifying its steel frame to adapt to the new situation. A lot of money was spent on these new renovations, over $60,000. This is done primarily to reduce stress on the building frame. But in general, they managed to get all the work done and get past these tricky hurdles.
Al Smith has ambitious plans to build his Empire State Building on top of New York. He envisioned the skyscraper as a spaceship port and future transportation hub. However, the technical limitations ultimately proved insurmountable. First, the spacecraft must handle docking in urban areas. Airships usually drop lead blocks to ensure landing there, but that would be impractical when people were on the street below. Wind is also a major problem, as it makes it difficult to stabilize the airship in the air. Wind in the city will be more problematic, as if an airship hits a building, it pierces and falls into New York City. Due to the wind and other structures, the ships trying to moor can't. As stylish as landing in the middle of @LOCATION1, there are no safety concerns and there are too many people around to take risks.
The hurdle facing the builders of the Empire State Building was... when they planned to make masks for the airship. When they first tried to build it, they discovered that the Empire State Building's structure could not accommodate the mask. The Empire State Building had to support both masks and airships. Then at the end of the story it is discovered that there is no way to do it. That is one of them.
Whenever construction work is carried out, the potential consequences should be considered in advance. In "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into some obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. These airships are composed of dangerous chemicals, and "most airships from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium," which is extremely flammable. The possibility of fire can result in the destruction of buildings and, worse, cities. While fire is a concern, "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The building is very high in the sky, so the winds get very violent. If the airship were strapped to the mast, the back of the ship would constantly spin and destroy the structure of the aircraft. Mooring masts is not a good idea for a big city like New York. Too many people and too crowded areas. The hurdles faced by the architects were severe, and they helped the team dismiss the idea of docking the spacecraft at the Empire State Building.
As @ORGANIZATION2 explained in the "Mooring Masts" post, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. These barriers include security and usability. Between the explosive tendency of hydrogen and the unmanageable winds, the idea of being able to dock a spacecraft on a building in the center of a densely populated city, such as New York, is extremely unsafe. With the wind, the craft will continue to move around the mast, creating an extremely unsafe environment for all. Availability will also be questioned, in paragraph 15 @ORGANIZATION2 tells of the US Navy ship Los Angeles @CAPS1 docked due to an unavailable save path. This unavailability makes access to the mooring mast nearly impossible. Obstacles in mooring masts include availability and safety.
There are many obstacles to the docking of dirigibes, for example in the text it talks about it would be worse if the accident happened on @CAPS1, because NYC is a densely populated city, another obstacle is height, as in the text and anything Both can happen at that altitude, so these are some obstacles in the way of the dirigibes docking.
In the article, @ORGANIZATION1's The Mooring Mast is determined to make the Empire State Building the tallest building. To make the Empire State Building taller than the Chrysler Building, Smith decided to build a "mooring mast" that would allow the spaceship to land and become "the vehicle of the future." However, the spacecraft never landed because of the many obstacles encountered when landing the spacecraft at the Empire State Building. Many spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and because the Empire State Building is located in New York City, landing a hydrogen-filled spacecraft is dangerous in densely populated areas like New York City. Another hurdle to face is the weather on top of the Empire State Building. The wind is much stronger than on the street. If the spacecraft can land, the wind will blow the spacecraft in all directions, out of control. Finally, it is illegal for airships to fly too low, too close to the ground, and too close to people. It's against the law to have an airship-able piece of land on the mast. There are too many obstacles for Al Smith's idea to become a reality.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several challenges when constructing a dock for their spaceship, and they could not simply place the mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot ship held by a single cable would make the frame very weak. Due to the weight and wind pressure of the ship, it must be delivered to the eleven hundred feet where the foundation is located. This will require making the frame stronger to withstand the stress of spending over sixty thousand dollars. In the end, due to the safety, unpredictable nature and the law itself, mooring masts were never made. This is not safe due to the highly flammable craft putting densely populated areas at risk. The wind would be constantly changing, violent, and difficult to control the ship. Also, laws that make airships fly too low in urban areas make it illegal. Ships can never dock on the building or even approach the area. In general, there are too many obstacles that keep engineers from building the mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different hurdles when trying to land their spacecraft, the most difficult of which were city location, money, and weather. City locations are a hurdle for builders because there are laws against flying airships too low in densely populated areas, and you can't reduce the weight of the airship as you would on the ground because the weight would hang over the city. Second One hurdle is funding, as it becomes increasingly expensive to pay for all the modifications to make the mooring mast a reality. The third and most dangerous obstacle is the weather, as wind and various other storms can control the airship, making it difficult to dock at the Empire State Building. As a result, the obstacles of city location, money and weather made the mooring mast nearly impossible to build.
For obvious reasons, the spaceship could not be docked on the mast of the Empire State Building. While construction workers were building the mast, they didn't realize how dangerous it was to have a spaceship landing on top of the building. Workers are aware of some caveats. First, if the ship catches fire like Lakehurst, NJ, a lot of people will be at risk because it's a large city with a large population. Another reason they later realized was that it was too dangerous for the spacecraft to land there because of the strong cyclone. If they tried to land there and the wind wouldn't let them down, then it wasn't the least bit safe. That's the hurdle the workers at the Empire State Building encountered when it came to getting the spacecraft to dock there.
@CAPS1 There are some concerns about the ship being docked there. One of them is "the ship sways in the wind as the passengers step off the ramp". This would be unsafe because when it swayed it could knock passengers off the plank and cause them to fall.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their ships docked there: The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. The United States uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable.
Obstacles faced by builders of empire @CAPS1. Their extended use in @LOCATION1 is the lack of suitable landing zones. Al Smith saw an opportunity to build his Empire State Building. Adding a mooring mast to the top of the building would allow the spacecraft to park there for hours for refueling or service, and allow passengers to disembark and disembark. The craft is docked by an electric winch, which is pulled in a line from the front of the ship, which is then tied to the mast.
The main obstacle that allows the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building's mooring mast is safety. "Most spacecraft...use hydrogen...hydrogen is highly flammable." "Owner...realizes that if the accident happened over downtown New York, things could be worse. ." If the airship had an accident, it would endanger the lives of hundreds of people. This is why this idea is impractical and unsafe. Another obstacle to allowing ships to be parked on the mast of the Empire State Building is nature itself. "The wind on the top is constantly changing due to the strong airflow." This will cause the stern to rotate around the mast. A plumb bob can be used, but it is neither practical nor safe if it hangs over pedestrians.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the dinghy to dock there. One obstacle is that ships from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. This is a problem because, as @NUM1 says in paragraph 4, "Hydrogen is highly flammable". The biggest obstacle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spaceship was nature itself. Nature itself is a hindrance, because "airships moored in a clearing can be held down with a plumb bob in the back, but with airships at the Empire State Building, they will hang above pedestrians in the street, which is neither practical nor safe." This Here are some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get their boats docked there.
According to the excerpt, the builders encountered a number of hurdles in trying to get dirigibes to be allowed to dock at the Empire State Building. As stated in @CAPS1 6, builders face obstacles like lack of land in New York. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 they say a big problem they face is they can land directly on a flat roof and some of the other problems they face @CAPS1 is the cable at the top of the building adding to the building 1100 feet below it stress, some of which cost more than $60,000. The safety issue is that the plumb hangs above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe. Another unsafe thing is at @CAPS1 @NUM2 where they say the hydrogen in these ships is highly flammable and very unsafe. In ¶ @NUM3, it says that existing laws prohibit flying airships over urban areas.
The Empire State Building is an incredible building without the idea of trying to park a spaceship there. But this mooring mast idea presents many obstacles, such as the safety of the public. "Most spacecraft outside of the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable," Lüsted said. (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This statement proves that if a spacecraft catches fire like the one in Lakehurst, NJ, Then the lives of New Yorkers will be at risk. This safety hazard is one of the problems for builders. These ancient buildings faced a number of challenges for this idea of mooring masts. Including natural risk factors. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents," Lüsted said. This is extremely dangerous because the spacecraft starts to move around the building while docked, causing dangerous menu operations and putting pedestrians' lives at risk. among. The idea of this mooring is too dangerous for the public and for New York City.
In the process of building the dock for the spacecraft, the builders faced a few hurdles. The first hurdle faced by builders was the lack of a suitable landing zone. If there is no land to land on, there is no reason or way to build it. Additionally, builders will have to remodel the entire building. After the building reaches the 85th floor, the mast will not be built until the roof is covered, so it will take longer. Constantly changing, so the spacecraft cannot land or stay in place without crashing. The final hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low into urban areas, making it illegal for ships to moor or even approach buildings. As you can see, there are many obstacles and the mast is not useful. this is a good idea. But in my opinion, it's a waste of time and money.
One of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building tried to get the ship to dock there was the high winds, so it was difficult for the ship to attach to the gear. Another is that ships are very flammable, so if they catch fire, they can be a danger to the city. Another reason is that it is illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even near the area
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One hurdle is safety, since ships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than the highly flammable helium. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature. The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Another hurdle is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for a boat to approach or even be tied to a building.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1's "Mooring Mast", the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. First, they risked setting fires on airships from outside the United States. @ORGANIZATION1 states that "most spacecraft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1.@NUM1). This would be a big problem because they would risk letting other craft pass through our dense air and inadvertently start a fire. By building a loading dock, they could harm an area of downtown New York. Second, another obstacle preventing the construction of docks is nature. The builder says "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (@CAPS1.@NUM2). Even if they tried to tether the airship, there was a chance that the back would move. Given the idea that the wind was too strong to handle, they came up with alternatives such as lead weights, but this would be a danger to pedestrians. Finally, there is a law that prohibits any airship from flying too low. "This law will make it illegal for ships to be on buildings or even approach the area," the article reads (@CAPS1.@NUM3). The law is very difficult for builders. The general idea is for the airship to land on the building, and this obstacle makes it a bigger problem. The idea of a dock is gone, it's too risky to do so. Nonetheless, this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1, "Mooring Masts", describes the challenges builders face in building a pier.
The obstacle to getting the ships to dock at the Empire State Building was that they couldn't put fuel on top of the building. Putting the mooring mast on the roof makes it very unstable and puts a lot of stress on it. To do this, they had to modify the structure of the roof, which ended up costing more than @MONEY1. After a successful build, they encountered another hurdle. It's trying to figure out how the ship doesn't move in such a windy current. They never figured out how the idea disappeared.
From an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when thinking about docking their spaceships there. First, there may be problems with the design and cost of the project. For example, "adding stress to the frame of a building". If the mass interferes with the building's frame, then changing the building's materials can cost "over sixty thousand dollars!" Also, safety is a major factor when trying to build a mooring mast. For example, "Most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen...and hydrogen is very flammable." New York is a densely populated area, which means that when building mooring masts, safety must be considered. In the end, they are restrictions on airships flying too close to cities. As stated in the excerpt, "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." Overall, when building mooring masts, many builders turned a blind eye to potential problems, causing projects to fail.
One of the obstacles they faced was strong winds. The wind is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. The spaceship will keep moving. They couldn't even hold it down because there would be people far below them and they could fall over. The second obstacle they face is the law against it. Existing laws require airships to fly too low over cities. It is illegal to airships even into cities. These two obstacles prevent them from using the dock for their ships.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts", the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building to get the airships docked there, strong winds, airships are very flammable, and the fact that they are very large and difficult to keep still. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states that using hydrogen instead of helium should stop the project. Also in the @NUM2 paragraph, it states that the biggest obstacle is nature itself. Because of the above, the builders ran into a few snags trying to get the ship to dock there.
Builders faced a number of hurdles in trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. One hurdle for builders is the building's @CAPS1. "A thousand-foot-long ship is moored on top of the [Empire Building], held in place by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame." Another obstacle in the way is nature itself. The reason is that the wind at the top of the Empire State Building is always changing because of the violent airflow. This is dangerous because "even if the ship is tethered to the mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." @CAPS2, there is a law in the US that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This would make it illegal for ships to dock [Empire State Building] or even close to the area. More hurdles are the challenges in trying to get ships to dock in Empire State @CAPS3, but that hasn't stopped workers from doing their jobs .
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." (@NUM1) The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to violent airflow, causing the back of the ship to rotate around the mooring mast. "Most craft outside of the US use hydrogen...Hydrogen is highly flammable." (@NUM2) @CAPS1 Exploding Hindenburg, massive loss of life if airship blows up in downtown NYC pose a huge risk. "Existing law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas." (@NUM3) This law would prevent airships from legally docking on mooring masts. All of these obstacles have resulted in the mooring mast being used only for display and contributing to the tallest building in the world.
In the excerpt, @CAPS1 faced multiple problems in their theory. It took a lot of time for people to start realizing the reality. For example, airships have a law that prohibits them from flying from low altitudes to urban areas. They also realize that professionalism can play a negative role. Wind will cause @CAPS2 to wiggle around all stops. They wanted to go down the stern, but soon realized it wasn't safe for many below. They heard that @CAPS2 in New Jersey was destroyed by fire and it is not safe to have such a population of @ORGANIZATION1 in NY due to its hydrogen. In general, they are starting to realize the security concerns and how impractical it is to do it all.
The idea of allowing the spacecraft to dock on top of the Empire State Building is impractical because of the lack of identification of possible flaws in the plan. As a new form of transportation, flying saucers are not safe. This was demonstrated when the German airship Hindenburg exploded in 1937. In addition, a more important hurdle that was not addressed when the plan was developed was its location. On the crowded streets of New York City, it is not safe to hang a flammable craft over a population. This location is also a hindrance because of the equipment needed to land the spacecraft: lead weight. Using lead weights to lower an airship is unthinkable as it could create a dangerous situation. The creators of the idea designed the system only on top of the Empire State Building to incorporate a futuristic mode of transportation that would make the building even more unique. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship, as the concept was far beyond the capabilities of their era.
Some of the hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders were the craft's use of hydrogen to float. Hydrogen is a highly flammable gas and can cause a lot of property damage if ignited. Also at 1,250 feet, the wind was strong. Ships will blow around buildings, causing unnatural pressure on them. Getting a spaceship docked on the Empire State Building is very difficult.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. When designing the mast, the steel frame of the State Building had to be modified and strengthened to fit this new site, @MONEY1' value of modification is based on the frame of the building, the architects did not build a utility mast without any decoration, but designed A gleaming glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower, illuminated from within, features itself in a stepped design that mimics the overall shape of the building. The mooring mast failed. Most ships other than @ORGANIZATION2 use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Weather, such as violent drafts, is the biggest obstacle to successful mast use.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was that the architects made the Empire State Building more like a spaceship. The architects placed the 100-foot-long craft on top of a building secured by cable tethers. The ship had to withstand wind pressures below about 1,110 feet. The frame of the Empire State Building had to be sturdy, and more than $60,000 in renovations were spent to make the frame of the building. The architect changed the design and created something new. One of the difficulties architects had with building the Empire State Building was turning it into a spaceship.
Architects and builders faced a number of hurdles in building the spaceship dock at the Empire State Building. Before the mooring mast was installed on top of the building, it became apparent that "the stress of the ship's load... is transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building" (paragraph @NUM1). This means that changes need to be made in the frame to support the weight. In addition, security, weather and legal issues loom. Filled with flammable gas, there is always a risk that the ship will catch fire, and in urban areas, the damage can be severe. The wind at the top of the building is also dangerous. The airflow is "violent", "even though the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will spin" (paragraph @NUM2). Usually ships are weighted, but again, this is not possible in cities. The final issue facing builders is the law that "prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). Two ships attempted to dock despite an expressly prohibited law. Both attempts failed, and it became clear that the Empire State Building would not be able to land as a spaceship.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles in allowing spaceships to dock. For example, the building had to be rebuilt because its original frame could not support the weight of the airship on top of it. Also, the materials inside the spacecraft are highly flammable, so an accident in a dense urban area would be costly/lethal. Another obstacle is the wind, because the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents, so the blimp spins and becomes unstable, making the idea of docking the blimp on top of the Empire State Building impractical and unsafe.
The ship encountered some problems when trying to dock. The first reason is that it is illegal to fly such low airships over urban areas. Even though it was illegal, they tried it but faced more problems like wind. At one point they tried to park because it was too windy.
The architects and builders of the Empire State Building had some problems finding a way to park the spaceship there. The architects knew they couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the @ORGANIZATION1 roof because it would support it. The architects also knew that if they attached the craft to the mooring mast with a rope, it would only add stress to the frame. To fix this, the @ORGANIZATION1 steel frame needed to be modified and strengthened to support the mooring mast and airship.
According to an excerpt from the ship, the ship cannot be docked on top of the Empire State Building because @CAPS1 it's a safety issue. The article wrote that most spacecraft from outside the United States were filled with flammable hydrogen. This caused the German-built Hindenburg to catch fire in New Jersey, and when it happened, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad an accident could have gotten if it had happened in densely populated New York City. It's also a safety concern, as the wind at the top of the building can blow the ship around. Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying low over the city, so these ships cannot fly in New York City
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts," the author talks about the many hurdles builders face when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building. The first obstacle they faced was dropping the mast onto the flat roof of the building. This task is easy because using a single cable to lower the mast can add a lot of stress to the building frame. Another problem they face is nature. High winds can cause the ship to spin around the mast. The biggest hurdle involves security. Many airships other than @LOCATION2 use highly flammable helium instead of hydrogen. Helium made the spacecraft more prone to explosions and endangered many lives in New York City. Finally, New York's current law @CAPS1 balloons docked. Airships fly dangerously over urban areas. There are a number of obstacles encountered when trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building, which are mentioned in Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts".
The idea that an airship could dock at such a high altitude was foolish at first. First, trying to tie the thousand-foot-long ship to the building with a rope put a lot of stress on the building's frame. They can solve this problem, but the main problem they can't solve is nature. The winds at that altitude were very strong and would cause the boat to spin around the mooring mast. Overall, the project was doomed from the start.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is nature itself. According to the text, "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The wind can make it difficult for the craft to get close to the mooring mast to be moored, and even after mooring, the wind will cause it to continue to move around the mooring mast , making it impossible for passengers to leave. Another obstacle to allowing blimps to dock at the Empire State Building is existing laws that prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. "This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area," it said in the text. This is a very black and white question against allowing spaceships to be docked on the Empire State Building. The last, and perhaps biggest, hurdle in allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building is security. In the excerpt, "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." This poses a safety hazard not only to passengers and staff on board, but to the densely populated areas below. , that is, the New York city center poses a security risk.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," it describes the many obstacles the Empire State Building's builders encountered when trying to get their ships docked there. It was hard enough for the builders to build the Empire State Building, but most importantly, they had to build a mooring mast on top. Four-term New York Governor Al Smith said it best, “A group of engineers in New York are trying to come up with a workable arrangement, and government people in Washington are trying to figure out how to moor an airship to this mast.” Another hurdle for builders It was a ship that was moored a thousand feet on top of a building, held in place by only a single cable tether, and it was not safe at all. Having said that, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened, and the renovation cost exceeded $60,000. No matter how builders built the Empire State Building, they still faced obstacles from nature. These are examples of what builders face when trying to get their ships docked there.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, there are many obstacles to trying to get a ship to dock on the Empire State Building. Some of these obstacles include poor design, nature and lack of landing zones. Due to Al Smith's poor design, there were concerns in the era of airships about where to land. Nature itself is also a big obstacle. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow." The wind makes it difficult for the spacecraft to land. The final hurdle is the lack of landing areas for these giant balloons. Once Al Smith saw the opportunity to land the ship at the Empire State Building, he seized it.
Having the spaceship docked on top of the Empire State Building will challenge the architect to challenge the sinerio. Adding a thousand feet to a ship on top of a building increases the stress on the frame. A single cable tether on an airship does nothing to relieve stress. "The stress of the ship's loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building." (Lüsted.@NUM1) The building's frame had to be modified to accommodate this new situation. The biggest reason it was never fully built was because of safety. Most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire... the shipowner realized that what happened over populated areas was much worse." (Lüsted. @NUM2). This makes it harder to travel outside @LOCATION1 with an airship. Nature itself is a major obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts. Due to the wind, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mast. "Wind changes on top of buildings due to strong airflow." (Lüsted, @NUM3). This is neither practical nor safe. These hurdles present builders with challenges that have yet to materialize.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when trying to dock their spaceships. One obstacle to docking an airship is the frame of the building. "Over $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the frame of the building." This shows the amount of work that needs to be done on the structure of the building alone. Another difficulty is that most spacecraft outside the United States are filled with highly flammable hydrogen rather than helium. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the situation could have been worse had the accident happened over a populated area." @ CAPS1 How Dangerous Hydrogen is. Finally, the spacecraft may be weighed down by the LED weight. "Using these at the Empire State Building, dangling on pedestrians on the street, is neither practical nor safe." @CAPS2 If the lead weights drop, they could kill someone. Attempting to dock a spaceship at the Empire State Building brought many difficulties
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges in order to add the mast to the building. They need to consult an expert and learn as much as possible about how the craft itself works. Engineers in New York and government workers in Washington cobbled together a plan for how to make it work. Just adding the mast won't work. Tethering it with a cable would add a ton of stress to the frame, so all the steel would need to be reinforced. Make the mast look attractive to take up resources. But in the end, all plans fell through. Nature is the biggest problem. This can cause the airship to swing dangerously as the water rises violently in the air around the mast. If a boat crashes, hundreds of people in the New York City area will be crushed. The project had to be scrapped and the mast became a purely decorative addition.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. According to the author, "…is doomed to never achieve its purpose [the Empire State Building becoming a dock for spaceships] for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built." As the author points out, there are many problems with this idea . The reasons: safety, strong winds, and laws that prohibit this from happening. The safety issue is that the spacecraft uses hydrogen, which is highly flammable. In fact, the Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire. If a spaceship caught fire near the Empire State Building, it would be very detrimental to many in the city surrounding the building. Strong winds are another issue, as the Empire State Building is so high, the winds at the mooring station can be violent and unpredictable. This would make landing at the mooring station difficult, and if it hooked up successfully, the back end of the airship would be blown around by the wind. The last problem is that there is a law that prohibits planes from traveling a certain distance from the city. This law tries to prevent planes from crashing into cities. With all these problems, it's clear that this plan will never work.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One problem is that putting the mast on the Empire State Building and then placing a huge spaceship mooring on it puts pressure on the building and can immediately pull the mast down causing it to crush the ship against people and buildings , which can lead to death and destruction. Another hurdle is correct construction timing. They didn't want to complete the mast when the entire building was only on the 1st floor of the 102 floors.
Not everyone can invent new modes of transportation for the future. El Smith learned this when he hired a team of builders to install landing docks for ships on the Empire State Building. The team encountered a number of roadblocks that caused problems and hindered progress there. One problem that arises is that the weight of the ship can add stress to the building frame, which can only be reinforced with steel. Another issue is security. Ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of the highly flammable helium. The most important question is nature. Wind makes maneuvering difficult, while violent currents can be fatal to passengers and pedestrians. They also can't fly too close to the ground in densely populated areas of cities. While the idea of using the Empire State Building as an airport was innovative, it wasn't practical or well thought out.
One hurdle the builders faced when trying to get the spacecraft docked at the Empire State Building was "the lack of a suitable landing zone." New York City is full of buildings, and there isn't a lot of flat ground to land on. The second hurdle for builders was that they couldn't find a way to attach the mooring mast to the top of the building. Builders need to make stronger building frames so that the mast can sit safely on top of the building without adding stress to the frame. Another hurdle for builders is nature. Wind on top of buildings can be very unpredictable and strong at times. The rear of the airship will move from the wind even if it is strapped to the building. The last reason is that there is a law that doesn't allow airships to fly that low over urban areas. Therefore, the spaceship cannot dock at the Empire State Building.
In this excerpt by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. For example "The stress of the airship load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly one thousand and one hundred feet underground", which describes the problem that the builder has to face when applying the mast and the load and wind pressure of the airship will destroy the foundation of the building. So builders needed to find a way to not destroy the foundations of the Empire State Building. Another example is "The Empire State Building's stealing framework will have to be modified and enhanced". This evidence states that if the mast were to be placed, the builder would have to reinforce the entire building so that the mast would not be a problem
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts," the construction of the Empire State Building had a number of hurdles that the builders had to overcome. Some of the practical obstacles to building this landmark were laws prohibiting low-flying airships, not having a full airship mooring installed, and the biggest obstacles being the nature surrounding the Empire State Building. The first hurdle that builders had to overcome was that laws prohibiting airships from flying over urban areas were too low. The problem with flying too low is that the airship can't even try to reach the building. In December 1930, a craft approached the mast, but was unable to get close due to fears that strong winds would cause it to hit a sharp spire. As if this wasn't a problem, the ship's moorings weren't even installed, which meant that newspapers to be delivered would have to be caught by the hanging ropes on the ship, which could be tiring. The biggest obstacle is nature. Due to high winds, the wind on top of the building was so strong that it could cause the ship to continue moving even when tied to the mast. Overall, the nature of the weather is a huge obstacle.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first obstacle is the safety of the people. The authors note, "Most craft outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, when the German craft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey , Empire's owner, State Building, realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, it could have been worse." That would be a major concern. Another obstacle was the violent airflow that made it difficult to land. In this article it says: "Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." This statement explains why landings can be dangerous. Finally, it is illegal to fly an airship too low over an urban area. The text explains, "This law will prohibit ships from docking on the building, even near the area." This shows that even if everything is normal, they can't do it. These are just three obstacles preventing the builders of the Empire State Building from docking their ships.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The Empire State Building is located in densely populated New York City. So, if the spaceship hangs above those people's heads, it's definitely not safe. Aside from the safety aspect, one of the biggest hurdles is nature. The strong wind on top of the building is always moving due to the airflow, so it causes the airship to rotate around the mast. Finally, there is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas, so it is illegal for blimps to fly up buildings.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered some obstacles when trying to build the mast. One problem is that if the airship is docked on the building, it will put a lot of stress and stress on the building. This is because of the high wind speeds and the sheer size of the craft. Designers had to make more than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame to deal with the pressure. Another obstacle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This means the ship can't even get close to the building, let alone dock on it. Ultimately, these obstacles and other safety concerns, such as hydrogen inside, and the airship's highly flammable nature, caused the idea to fade away.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to @CAPS1 dirgibles. One of the challenges they faced was how to make sure the building wouldn't collapse when it docked a @NUM1 foot ship on top. They would have to make roughly @NUM2 USD worth of changes to the frame of the building to change @CAPS1 to @CAPS2. Another hurdle they faced was how to use the @CAPS1 spacecraft on top of buildings without endangering the densely populated areas of downtown New York. "Most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable". The builders tried to achieve many obstacles with @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, but it was not possible in @CAPS3.
The hurdles the builders had to try and overcome were the extra stress on the @CAPS1 frame and the difficult docking process and high-speed winds that made it essentially impossible.
According to The Mooring Mast article by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. Their dream of putting New York at the forefront of modern travel never materialized. First, over $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame had to be done due to the stress of the ship's load and wind pressure, which increased the stress on the frame. However, one of the biggest hurdles for builders is safety. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable and can be very dangerous, especially in populated areas like New York. In addition, the high winds on top of the building prevented the airship from being able to stabilize and rotate around the mast. Lead can be used to weigh ships parked on the field, but it is not safe to hang from buildings. In the end, the idea violates a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. All the hurdles the builders faced thwarted their dreams of building airships using mooring masts.
Some of the trouble builders had when building the Empire State Building mooring mast was the structure, how it was built, and how it could actually hold the airship without being ripped off. One problem was figuring out how to reinforce the mast so that the lead could transfer to the foundation instead of tearing off the top half of the building.
The Empire State Building's docking mast concept failed for a number of reasons. One of the main issues is that it's directly located in the very densely populated NYC downtown area. After the Hindenburg fire in New Jersey, "owners ... realized that if the accident happened in a populated area, it could have been worse." The second major hurdle was controlling the top of the ship's tower in the often high winds . The practice at the time was to control the rear of the airship with a plumb bob, but in the civilian realm this was "neither practical nor safe." Another big reason builders faced obstacles was the laws that already existed prohibiting low-altitude flying over cities. The idea should have been "quietly abandoned" despite two ships approaching the mooring mast, but neither disembarked passengers. There are too many obstacles to success.
The builders of the Empire State Building tried to build a mast that would dock a spaceship. At first I thought it was a good idea, then realized there were roadblocks. The first hurdle found was that "most ships from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium" (Lüsted). This is a problem because hydrogen is very flammable and if it caught fire in NYC, thousands of people would be injured/killed. The biggest obstacle is the wind. The air volume is constantly changing, and even if the airship is properly installed, the back will continue to move, which can lead to hazards on the street. The spaceship will be suspended above the pedestrian (Lüsted). Another reason is legal. It is illegal for blimps to fly too low over urban areas, so blimps are not allowed to descend low enough to land on buildings. Both have tried, without success. The builders of the mooring masts didn't notice these problems at first, only to realize them later. The Empire State Building cannot be used for landing craft because non-U.S. craft use hydrogen, wind currents change frequently, and it is illegal to fly craft low enough to attach.
Architects of mooring masts face many problems when constructing the mast. One of the problems is that most airships outside the country use highly flammable hydrogen, not helium, to keep them afloat. If one of these blimps caught fire like the German blimp Hindenburg in New Jersey, it would put many citizens at risk. This densely populated area would be far more dangerous than rural New Jersey. The final issue they face is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it "unlawful for a vessel to dock on a building or even approach the area". @CAPS1 doesn't have any foreign ships to dock there and refuel because it can hold the type of gas that's afloat, and no @CAPS2 ships to dock and refuel, because the law prohibits it, the idea of a mooring mast quickly fades from citizens' imaginations , they look for modern means of transport, such as airplanes.
Aside from the fact that docking a spaceship on the Empire State Building's mooring mast would cost more than @MONEY1 and put a lot of stress on the building's frame, Smith wanted to pursue his dream. Unfortunately, he can't. There are @NUM1 important reasons. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says that most ships are too flammable. That's because they use hydrogen instead of helium. Like the German spaceship Hindenburg destroyed by fire in New Jersey. Paragraph @NUM2 says docking airships is dangerous because the wind will cause them all @CAPS1 instead of docking on the ground and being held down. In the end, it's not legal. Paragraph @NUM4 states that "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This is another practical reason." Airships are not high enough in the air to be legal, and because there are pedestrians below, they are very dangerous .
The builders of the Empire State Building faced hurdles in order to get their ships docked there. In the @NUM1 segment, it shows the builder spaced barriers. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." That's because of the wind. The wind changes due to violent airflow.
On @ORGANIZATION2's mooring mast, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on it. To dock, a docking mast is required. It cannot simply be placed on the Empire State Building as it would add stress to the building's frame. In addition, the stress and wind pressure of the ship's load will increase the stress, which will force more modifications to the frame, costing as much as $60,000. The mooring masts were not finished mainly because of safety. After the Hindenburg burned, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if it happened in New York, it would be a disaster. Nature is also an obstacle, the ever-changing violent air currents threaten to move the ship, which cannot be anchored as it would in a field. This is a risk not worth taking. Finally, a law passed earlier prohibits airships from approaching buildings that high above the city. These are the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. When it says in the paragraph that "the mooring mast cannot simply be placed on the flat roof of the Empire State Building," it means that the architect had to remodel and reinforce the building so that the "thousand-foot airship" would land there. To do so, more than @MONEY1 changes must be made. Safety is another issue. Other countries' ships use hydrogen instead of helium. Because hydrogen is highly flammable, if the spacecraft catches fire there, downtown New York could be destroyed by a fire. Nature itself is also a problem. "The wind on top of the building is changing all the time." This causes the ship to spin, which is dangerous. Architects had a lot of problems.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the ball of earth to dock there, and if they dropped the mooring mast on top of the building, they would stiffen the frame with a single cable due to wind pressure and pressure from the hull. Also, most out-of-state craft are very flammable because they use hydrogen instead of helium. Another problem is that NYC is a densely populated city and they don't want to risk having things on top of buildings fall on citizens below. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature. The strong winds are constantly moving due to the turbulent currents. Even if this allows the airship to be tethered to the back, it will fly all over the place. They also recommend using a plumb bob to hold it down, but if they fall, pedestrians on the street will be in extreme danger. The final hurdle is having a law on airships flying to low altitudes in urban areas.
When the builders of @ORGANIZATION2 took on the daunting task of building a mooring mast on top of the structure for the airship to dock, they faced a variety of obstacles that made it difficult for them to execute their plan. The first hurdle they faced was that they couldn't just put a long mooring mast on the flat roof of the building. A huge ship, held by a single cable tether, would add enormous stress to the building's frame and fans. In response, the builders constructed a stronger frame for the building. The main problem that builders face when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the structure is safety. Ships (except @LOCATION1) mostly use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is extremely flammable and increases the risk of fire. Since the airship will be above thousands of pedestrians in the city, the risk of the airship catching fire is too high. On top of that, the winds at the top of the Empire State Building are always changing because of the violent air currents that cause the airship to spin around the mooring mast. While Al Smith had a great vision for docking an airship on top of his building, the reality was that it was impractical and the bulders faced too many hurdles to make it work.
When the builders tried to create a landing zone for the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building, they ran into a number of problems. Al @CAPS1's idea sounds unrealistic, but they are motivated enough to try to make it happen. After so much remodeling, work, and thinking, they finally realized all the potential problems. All the problems that were being built became apparent. The main reason they never used the pier was that they realized it could catch fire, like it happened in New Jersey...populated areas...". They also warned of strong winds at the top of the tower. They were worried It would blow constantly around the ship and there was no way to hold it down. Another reason was that it was illegal to fly the airship to low altitudes in urban areas. Builders encountered many obstacle.
The obstacles faced by builders are very dangerous and unsafe. They are the difference between their failure or their success. One of the problems is violent airflow. The wind towards the top of the building is always changing, and they can easily spin the airship, the article said. If that happens, they will never be able to land. The next obstacle they face is hovering over pedestrians. This is not an option after the safety of pedestrians is at risk. I'm also a law that doesn't allow airships to fly that low over urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal to tie them to buildings or even near the area. It's too risky to try.
The many hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock their ships, some should have been considered before construction began. At such altitudes, their cyclone problems could push the craft in undesired directions. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). After the Hindenburg exploded, the fear of the same thing happening was a big safety issue. "The Empire State Building owners realize that the situation could be worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." (@CAPS1 @NUM2 line 6)
There are several obstacles preventing the ship from docking at the Empire State Building. First, if the spaceship was " parked on top of a building, held in place by a rope, it would add stress to the frame of the building". This framework is not powerful enough. But the main reason is safety. Most foreign spacecraft are known to use "hydrogen instead of helium", which is highly flammable. If an accident happens in a densely populated place like New York, things don't go well. Also, the wind that causes the boat to spin, lead cannot be used to hold it down for safety reasons. Finally, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas," making it illegal for any airship to even get close to buildings. All of these reasons contribute to the many obstacles to docking an airship.
Most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, when the German spaceship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION1, New Jersey, the owner of the Empire State Building realized how much the situation could become if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown. Terrible New York.
From the story of Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts", the builders faced huge problems trying to land the spacecraft. A major factor is the wind at high altitudes, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." Not only do builders have to figure out a way to keep the boat safe and not low, but because the building is already heavy, they also need a way to method to support the weight of the spacecraft. These are just some of the big issues builders need to deal with.
After reading this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts", it's easy to see that this project faces a number of hurdles to overcome. The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot to do in order to dock the spaceship. For example, the builder had to modify and strengthen the @ORGANIZATION1 frame, and also had to build a mast that could dock the airship. If a thousand-foot airship were to be moored at the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether,... (@NUM1) it would add a huge amount of stress to the whole building which is why the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be reinforced, and " Must frame remodeled buildings worth over $60,000” (@NUM1). The builders of the Empire State Building also had to build the masts for the spaceships. Finally, "…the architects have designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that will be illuminated from within, with a setback design that mimics the overall shape of the building itself" (@NUM3). The idea of adding airship masts to the Empire State Building created a lot of work for the builders. This excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2e's "Mooring Masts" lightly illustrates the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders had to overcome. From modifying the frame to building the mast, the workload of these builders is sure to increase considerably.
Many things went wrong when trying to get the ship to dock on top of the Empire State Building. First, having the ship docked on top of the Empire State Building "would increase the stress on the building's frame." -@CAPS1 @NUM1. These airships are highly flammable and can be very dangerous over populated places like New York City. The wind on top of the building is "constantly changing due to violent air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." - @CAPS2 @NUM2. If lead weights were used, they could fall off the ship and kill civilians. The biggest hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This seems like a good idea on paper, but when actually tried, it's too impractical.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. To solve this problem, Al Smith built a mooring mast. This will allow the spacecraft to park for several hours to refuel.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced various hurdles and challenges in getting the ship to dock there, including how to attach the masts and move people between the ship and the building. To secure the mast where the spacecraft will land, builders cannot simply attach the mast to the top of the building with cables. This will "stress the building frame" by the combined pressure of the airship load and wind pressure. As a result, builders had to lower the pressure to the ground by reinforcing and altering the building's steel frame. Another hurdle for builders is transporting people and luggage from the building to the airships that float in the air. The airship can only be tethered by the front end, but the gondola for passengers rides underneath the airship. This means that to build the "springboard to the open observation deck", people and luggage have to be moved from this platform to the NUM1 floor by means of a dedicated elevator. While the builders of the Empire State Building encountered all kinds of hurdles in building the mast, what they should really consider is the perilous and impractical nature of docking a @NUM2-level spaceship over New York City.
The spacecraft had a lot of problems docking. One problem is the lack of suitable landing space. There is also the issue of wind. If they can dock, the wind will cause a big problem. The wind could cause it to spin around the building, causing injury to people or the airship. If it swings around the building, it can cause structural damage. The spacecraft can also explode into flames if it hits a building causing sparks. It may end up like the Hindenburg.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. By constructing the mooring masts, they had to make changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton. "The steel frame of the building has been adapted and reinforced" so that the mast can be installed properly and remains stable and secure. Another hurdle for builders was creating a design that would allow the spacecraft to rest on the mast. They were going to tie the front of the plane to the building, but that didn't work because, as the author states, "Even if the airship was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the boat would spin around the mooring The mast." All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the Blimps to dock there was that building the mast was too risky and too dangerous. I think the mast is against too much risk, because one is that it flies too low, and two is that if it catches fire or gets hit by lightning, it explodes and people get seriously injured, or the mast could snap! As @PERSON1 said, "As yet, the problem of mooring the aviation vessel on a fixed mast at such a height has not been resolved, so the final installation of the landing gear needs to be postponed to a later date." @CAPS1 @PERSON1 Clavan means, in fact, There were a lot of problems mooring the ship on this "mast", it's not safe to pass it now!
El Smith ran into some obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock on the mast atop the Empire State Building. The first problem he and the architects faced was that they couldn't put the mast on the flat roof of the building. Masts add stress to a building's frame. Additionally, ship load and wind can increase pressure. Another reason is security. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. In addition, the wind at the top of the building has strong currents. The wind is always changing, which causes the rear of the boat to move. Finally, airships cannot fly near buildings because there is a law that prohibits planes from flying to low altitudes in urban areas, which makes it illegal to have airships tied to a mast anyway.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles in allowing the spacecraft to dock. First, the project's expectations were unrealistic because "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". @CAPS1 Even if they found a safe way to land the ship, they would be breaking the law. Second, there is "violent airflow". When they tried to dock the spacecraft on the building, it couldn't land close to it due to the wind. In the end, this is a huge security risk. Most spacecraft "use hydrogen instead of helium," which is very flammable. in densely populated areas. "The Empire State Building owners realized how [serious] the accident could be. As a result, the spacecraft never lived up to expectations for future traffic, and they didn't dock at the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the craft docked there because they had to figure out a way to get the mooring masts to land on the roof of the building, as the thousand-foot-long craft was parked by a single The top of the building supported by a single cable can add stress to the building frame. The frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this. That's not the only hurdle, funding is also an issue, "there must be more than $60,000 worth of renovations to the building's frame." A lot of money just for the building's frame. Safety is also an obstacle, "one of the biggest reasons is safety. Most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." I think safety is the biggest obstacle for them, because if hydrogen What to do when a spaceship explodes on top of the Empire State Building. Think of all the people who might get hurt because they don't call New York the city that never sleeps because people stay up there. They call it the city that never sleeps because it's always moving, there's always people on the streets, and downtown New York is always packed.
When building the Empire State Building, builders have to overcome many obstacles. One obstacle, for example, is the lack of suitable landing zones. Airships are very large, some spanning @NUM1 feet, so in a complex there isn't much area suitable for landing. Another hurdle they overcame is that cities don't allow airships to be that close to rural areas. While these reasons are good enough, the article mentions that perhaps the biggest obstacle is nature itself. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong airflow" (pg.@NUM2-paragraph @NUM3). All in all, the idea of landing a ship in this place is far too impractical.
The plan to allow ships to dock at the Empire State Building ran into problems from its introduction to its conclusion. The first issue was the original design of the building. The original design did not include a spaceship dock. When the station plan was proposed, the building was not strong enough to carry the heavy loads of the spire and the ship. To make adjustments, an additional @MONEY1 was spent to ensure the building was structurally sound during the docking of the ship. After the Hindenburg caught fire, the next problem became imminent: any hydrogen-charged spacecraft that caught fire at the Empire State Building and caused major damage. Additionally, since many spacecraft use hydrogen, there are significant safety risks. Wind proved to be another obstacle. The force of the ship being blown around by strong winds may be too much for the structure of the building. Also, since any ship docked on a building would be a thousand feet off the ground, there was no way to anchor the ship. The many towering spires on the @LOCATION1 skyline pose an imminent danger to any ship trying to dock. Finally, one of the biggest problems with building airshipable docks is the law that prohibits low-flying aircraft in urban areas.
The problems that the building had to face would not solve the problem of mooring an aviation vessel on a fixed mast at such a height, so it was hoped that the installation of the landing gear would be postponed to a later date.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to build a dock for the spaceship. The architects designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. They had to make the Empire State Building strong enough for the wind to blow over it. At a later stage, they will have to face the law. These are all obstacles that builders have to face.
Obstacle for the builders of the Empire State Building, who originally planned to tie the airship to the mast, because the height of the building is @CAPS1 and the high airship cannot hold @CAPS2 when unloaded. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "goodyear blim columbia, tried a publicity stunt where it would bundle and deliver a bundle of newspapers", "because the full ship mooring was never installed, the mooring mast The workers had to grab the bundle of newspapers with the rope hanging from the airship." Other hurdles are that ships outside the U.S. have hydrogen instead of helium in them, and hydrogen is very flammable.
There were two practical hurdles that the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock their spaceships. nature itself. Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. Another thing is that it is illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. Although two ships tried and failed, by the late 1930s the idea of using mooring masts for ships and their passengers had quietly faded away.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem was stress on the building's frame, which required more than $60,000 worth of renovations to fix. Also, the rear end of the airship would swing freely in strong winds, which was usually secured by attaching lead weights to the rear in the fields where they usually landed, but hanging it over a city was very dangerous. Another problem is that the law says no planes fly at low altitudes in urban areas. In the end, spaceships never caught on. As a result, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in the process of creating the spaceship dock.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. To prevent this from happening, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be reinforced to accommodate this new situation. Second, most craft other than @LOCATION3 use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. Shipowners realize that if one of the hydrogen ships caught fire like the Hindenburg did in Lakehurst (@LOCATION4), the accident could have been worse if it happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York. The biggest hurdle for the builders was the violent airflow when the airship was tethered. Due to the wind, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast, using a plumb bob to hold the rear down, they will be neither practical nor safe to hang over pedestrians. The Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built.
By trying to get the spaceship docked on the Empire State Building, the builders faced a number of hurdles. One of the obstacles they faced was the redesign of the building. "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, secured by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame" which means they had to be modified (more than @MONEY1's worth). Another hurdle they face is that most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle for builders is nature itself. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship comes to a stop, the wind will wag its tail, which is not safe.
According to this excerpt, the architects had to go through a lot of hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building. First, they had to redesign the frame of the building because the weight of the ship would put pressure on it. Then they added two more floors to the top of the building. They will be the boarding areas for passengers. Two months after they finally rebuilt the building, they placed the American flag on top of the mooring mast. It wasn't long before they realized that it was foolish to go ahead with these designs because it was insecure and impractical. In order for the spacecraft to dock on top of the Empire State Building, the architects had to overcome these obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. One of the obstacles faced was when trying to dock on top of a building. Since it is high and windy, it is possible to control the airship. When the Los Angeles tried to dock there, it couldn't dock because "[it] couldn't get close enough to dock because of the strong winds." Also, "@CAPS1. Couldn't even take their hands off the lever." Because if he did, the ship could crash into other buildings. Another obstacle they faced was New York's dense population and mooring masts surrounded by other buildings. If it catches fire like the Hindenburg, that could be a big deal. “…If the accident happened over a densely populated area, it could have been worse.” The third huge hurdle they face is that there is an actual law that prohibits anything from flying so low in the city. There are "current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas". This means that the airships can't even get close enough to tether because they're allowed to fly down. With so many obvious hurdles and flaws in the plan, the builders should have discovered it long ago and never built a mooring mast above the Empire State Building
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders had a number of problems trying to get the ship to dock there. A major problem is that "most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." If a spacecraft catches fire, which rains down on "populated areas like downtown New York," this Could be a serious problem. Another obstacle to building a mooring mast is wind, which "changes constantly due to strong air currents". The ships would have to be "weighted down with lead...they would dangle high above pedestrians in the street." This would be "neither practical nor safe." Because heavy objects may fall and kill people. The final hurdle in building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building is that "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for ships to moor on the building or even near the area." Mooring Builders of masts face a number of issues, "which should have been obvious before they were built."
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on it. One problem is that docking the airship on the roof adds too much stress to the frame. Another is having all flammable gases above a populated area. In addition, there is already a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. Finally, the constant change of wind direction can make the boat unstable.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. Al Smith saw an opportunity by adding a mooring mast to the top of the building, where the craft could park for hours for refueling or service and allow passengers to disembark and disembark. With this idea, the architects and engineers of the Empire State Building had to consult with experts to tour the equipment and mooring operations at the US Naval Air Station. The architects also met with the president of a recently established airship transport company that plans to provide airship services in the Pacific Ocean. Now, as you can see, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the ship to dock there.
@CAPS1 at the Empire State Building did a lot of work trying to get the ship docked there. They have to spend a fortune, which is not an easy task. They spent over $60,000 on modifications alone. I know this because in the @NUM1 paragraph it says "There must be over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the building frame. @CAPS2 You can see they spend a lot of money on the mooring masts. And it's not about getting everything right The light job of the job has a lot of things they have to worry about, like safety. I know it's not an easy job because in the @NUM1 paragraph it also says "architects can't simply put a mooring mast on the Empire State Building Top of flat roof. "@CAPS2 You can see them working hard to get the mooring masts done.
In trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building, workers encountered many obstacles. One of the obstacles is security. When the ship or zeppelin is docked, its body sways in the breeze. This leads to safety issues for passengers getting on and off the bus. There is also no safe way to measure the weight of a spaceship as if it were landed in a field. Any heavy objects used will hang over pedestrians. Another hurdle is the law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for craft to dock or approach the area. The main obstacle is nature itself. There are very strong winds at the top of the Empire State Building that can cause the airship to sway. Docking at the Empire State Building is too complicated to complete the idea.
In some cases, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as security. as described in reading. "The biggest reason is safety: the airship outside @LOCATION1 uses highly flammable hydrogen." If the airship caught fire on top of that building, it could have done a lot of damage. The next reason is that "the law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". The Empire State Building is built in the city center, and if something goes wrong, the spaceship could hurt a lot of people. Another reason is because of nature. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow," the authors said. This puts the spacecraft at risk of hitting that building or other structures. The last reason is that "a complete ship mooring has never been installed". There is no way to land the spacecraft if there are no issues with the law and safety, because they don't have what they need to land. Obstacles arose because they did not adequately review their plans.
This hinders @ORGANIZATION1's builders from trying to dock the ship where the weather and building frames are. @CAPS1 obsticle is the wind, because the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent airflow. The wind is a hindrance because a strong wind is coming and it can't allow construction materials or even workers to leave the building. The second obstacle was the building frame, because the airship was so large that it was held by a cable at the top of the building, which added stress to the frame and made the building unstable. Here are two examples of builders working on the Empire State Building @ORGANIZATION1 trying to get a spaceship docked there.
The mooring mast was a failure from the start. Builders and architects don't think about what might go wrong, just how to build the most. The first major problem construction workers face when trying to land these ships is actually building masts on the tallest buildings in the world. Then came the necessary modifications needed to improve the building's frame to support the zeppelin's weight, which put pressure on the building after being propelled by winds 1,250 feet above the ground. Perhaps the most important aspect of bringing these large zeppelins into crowded areas is safety. If this idea were implemented, the pedestrian safety aspects below would be virtually non-existent. For example, some of these zeppelins use hydrogen to keep their attics, and if a hydrogen-filled blimp burns up over a city, people below seem to be hurt pretty quickly. This project seems to present too many obstacles for these architects to overcome to dock a single airship.
The mooring mast by @ORGANIZATION2 describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. The Empire State Building competes with the Chrysler Building for the tallest building. Then-Governor Al Smith didn't want to be defeated. As governor of New York, Smith added more floors to the building, developing it into an airship dock. Over time, the building encountered more problems. Tethering a thousand-foot ship to a building adds stress to the frame. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation" The frame around the building was not durable enough to hold the "airship" The building would collapse while destroying other structures. Sixty thousand dollars reworked the frame, but it ultimately failed, and after the frame was stable enough, the problem reappeared. "The biggest reason is that one of the safety airships uses hydrogen, which means it's flammable. Not only do people have safety reasons that run counter to the building," another practical reason why the Empire State Building can't use airships is that existing laws prohibit airships in Urban areas fly too low". Once Al Smith realized that even the law forbade it, all the plans that went into effect stopped, and the Empire State Building remained the same.
When the Empire State Building was built, it was supposed to be the "pit stop" for the airships, which are called blimps today. It was supposed to be a modern way to travel, but many problems surfaced and plans changed. “Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. It’s a major safety hazard! Another problem arises” [A] law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. "If anything goes wrong with this ship, many people will be at risk. The strong wind nature provides the risk of piercing the airship through buildings; it will also endanger the people below it.
The hurdles the builders face when trying to dock the ship to the Empire are safety, nature, and American law. Safety is a major hurdle because "most craft outside of the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1 @NUM1 lin @NUM2). Nature itself is another obstacle to allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong airflow" (@CAPS1 @NUM3 line @NUM4). The final hurdle in docking the ship at the Empire State Building is U.S. law. The law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area" (@CAPS1 @NUM5 line @NUM6).
In the section "Mooring Masts" by marcia Amidon Lüsted. @CAPS1 faces many hurdles. One of the obstacles was that the stern would rotate around the mooring mast. Another obstacle is the constantly changing wind on top of the building due to the violent airflow. These are some of the hurdles that @CAPS1 faces.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Paragraph 14 says, "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." @CAPS1 Planning masts, builders don't account for high winds. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow." The biggest reason the Empire State Building mooring mast never fulfilled its purpose was safety concerns. "Most ships from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." On May 6, 1937, the German zeppelin of the Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey burn. The owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the same event happened in New York, many more people would be killed. The Empire State Building's builders failed to recognize the dangers of mooring masts.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. As stated in the excerpt from paragraph @NUM1, one of the hurdles for builders is the stress of the ship's payload. Another hurdle they encountered when they landed the ship on the dock was that they had to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the Empire State Building. They needed to do this to adapt to this new situation, which was to have the ship docked on the Empire State Building.
In an excerpt from "Mooring Masts," the folks trying to make a spaceship dock ended up hitting a formidable hurdle in making it happen. Before the mooring masts were added to the top of the Empire State Building, workers had to modify the frame, otherwise "a thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the frame. " The goal of the mooring mast only really started to stabilize when the problem wasn't resolved. Safe because most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of oxygen, e.g. "A German ship called the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ because hydrogen is very flammable. As a result of being aware of this , the situation could be "If the accident happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York, the accident could have been worse. "Also, 'nature itself' is the biggest obstacle, as changes in wind can cause the ship to spin around, even as it reaches the mooring mast. Airships can use weights, but use them at the Empire State Building," although they'll hang from the street It is neither practical nor safe to put it on top of pedestrians.”
The hurdle that @CAPS1 faced when trying to allow airships to @CAPS2 was that they needed enough cables from @CAPS3, so it chilled @CAPS4 airships, passengers and any @CAPS5 weight. Another hurdle is how they @CAPS6 can rely on high winds. Another reason is if @CAPS7 @CAPS8 will have padestrans in @CAPS9. Another reason is that building @CAPS10 must be @CAPS4 UP.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's story "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock their spaceships. One of the hurdles faced was that a spaceship parked a thousand feet on top of a building would add stress to the building's frame. This forced builders to modify the frame. Another hurdle for builders is safety. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is flammable." This would pose a great danger to the people of New York. This is a huge problem for builders. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles, but safety and reconstruction were only part of the problem.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship down. The most prominent obstacle is that of nature, which is that the wind direction is always changing, so the spacecraft cannot land safely. The architects thought it would be possible to put heavy objects on the end of the airship, but they then realised it would be unsafe for pedestrians walking underneath. Additionally, the building had to be several feet tall to reach the height of the airship, the rule was eliminated. If something hadn't exploded, densely populated New York City would have been in grave danger. In theory, the airship mast is a revolutionary idea, but in practice it doesn't work.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle was that architects couldn't simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. This is because, as it says in the @NUM1 paragraph, "A thousand-foot-long ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." Another hurdle is to make The Empire State Building's mooring mast fulfills its purpose. Getting a mooring mast to fulfill its purpose is very difficult because the successful use of a mooring mast is nature itself. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it states, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This is why the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when trying to get their ships to dock on top of the building.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," it describes the many obstacles the Empire State Building's builders had to face in order to get their ships docked there. The first obstacle they must face is the constant change in nature and how it affects the spacecraft. The spacecraft "spins" due to the constantly changing wind on top of the building caused by the strong air currents. This could put pedestrians on the street at risk as the boat moves on top and can be unstable. Another obstacle is security. Outside the U.S., ships "use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." Ships from other countries could catch fire in the U.S. and put people at risk. Additionally, loading docks exceed 1,250 feet and loading may be unstable due to wind. The final hurdle is "current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas". Therefore, it is illegal to bring an airship safely close to a building. All of these hurdles face making workers and planners realise that the idea cannot be achieved without harming anyone or putting people at risk.
The builder of the Empire State Building barrier can be described in the following way. First, the main obstacle is the nature of the mast. They describe it as "changing winds on top of buildings due to strong airflow" (paragraph @NUM1). Second, the airship would hang from the top of the building, which would not be safe for pedestrians. Finally, there is a law that an airship cannot fly too low or too high. The above explains the Empire State Building obstacles to airships.
When architects and builders planned how to build the mast onto the Empire State Building, they faced a number of hurdles. One obstacle they faced was that they had to build the mast so it wouldn't fall off when the spacecraft was docked. They can't use cables. Tethers are used to secure the mast as it puts a lot of stress on the frame and foundation of the building. Another hurdle that builders must face is how to strengthen the frame of the Empire State Building. It cost over $60,000 to make the Empire State Building's frame strong enough to support the mast. These are some examples of hurdles builders have to face.
Become very competitive in the construction of @ORGANIZATION1. He wanted to build the largest building in New York City. When construction was underway, he wanted to add a top or cap so the mast would be able to feed people directly into the building. But then a problem arose and they had to consult it to allow it. Owen then lets Al know that the building won't be completed on time because of the mast. That's the problem the Empire State Building faced during the contraction.
Throughout the design and construction phases of the Empire State Building's mooring mast, builders and engineers faced numerous issues, including building stress distribution, fire hazards, and constant wind-induced changes. During the planning stages of the engineers, they encountered a problem, how to relieve the pressure on the frame of the Empire State Building. According to the engineer, "a thousand-foot ship held by a cable tether on top of the building would add stress to the building's frame..." @CAPS1, the building will cost "over $60,000" to carry out Redesign and modify the foundation and framing of the current building. Second, engineers and builders never considered the fire hazard they faced after the mooring mast was completed. American ships are filled with hydrogen gas instead of helium, which makes the gas-filled transport very flammable. "An example of such a safety violation occurred in the burning of a spaceship in Lakehurst, NJ, leading builders to reflect on the possible seriousness of this possible accident in a densely populated area of New York. Third, New York has "violent" Airflow", which could cause the rear of the airship to rotate and shift. The only possible solution would be to move it down with lead blocks, but that would be "neither practical nor safe. "Engineers and builders of the Empire State Building face many problems and concerns that can sometimes only be addressed through irrational solutions.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle they face is that if an airship is moored by a tether, "the airship's load stress and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1,100 feet below." Another hurdle is because most The foreign craft used highly flammable hydrogen, and when the Hindenburg was destroyed, the builders realized it would be worse if the accident happened in a densely populated area like New York City. The third obstacle is violent wind currents, which can cause the rear of the ship to spin, and the rear of the ship cannot be depressed like it would in an open landing pad, which would cause heavy objects to hang dangerously over pedestrians. Street. These are the main obstacles and the reason why the mast on top of the Empire State Building has never been used for pier airships.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, the safety of cities and ships is an issue. In paragraph 13, it states that "Most craft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. When the German craft Hindenburg launched on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurs, NJ The Empire State Building realized that it could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York.” Also, the biggest obstacle was the real nature itself. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. When the airship tries to successfully use the mooring mast, the rear end of the airship rotates around the mooring mast". There is also a law that obsolete airships cannot be used in the city It flew so low over the district. So in the face of this "architectural breakthrough," hopes for the real purpose of the building were dashed.
Building anything is always a daunting task, but trying to build the tallest building in the world and have a spaceship dock there is even more difficult. Workers remodeling the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. The obstacle beyond their control is nature itself. According to the excerpt, the winds are said to be "constantly changing due to violent air currents," making it difficult and dangerous for the craft to dock there. Another factor holding back builders is the building itself. The structure of the building had to be modified because the spacecraft "increased stress on the frame of the building," so construction crews had to subject the building to this enormous amount of stress. Another hurdle is safety, as some spacecraft are filled with hydrogen, which is very flammable and dangerous for large populations on the ground. These are just a few of the many hurdles faced when remodeling the Empire State Building.
The Empire State Building was and is the tallest building ever built. To make it the tallest building, the architect had to design the mooring mast. There were many hurdles to overcome during the construction of this mast, but even with those hurdles it was still completed. The mooring mast is necessary because without it the Empire State Building would not be the tallest in the world. In order for the mooring mast to work, the builder has to overcome some obstacles. One of the main hurdles is adding to the mast they have to steal from the mast all the way to the foundation. Another is that after designing the mast, they had to change the original building plan.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. Between @CAPS1, safety and nature, this idea can't work. While this idea is good, it is very impractical. Security is a major concern with this idea. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of the more flammable helium. If the airship caught fire over New York City, it would burn the entire place and kill thousands. Naturally another big issue. The wind atop the Empire State Building is always changing. The boat will rotate around the mooring mast. Airships are usually moored in fields and weighed with black plumb bobs. Heavy objects hanging over people's heads are very dangerous. Building a mooring mast is very dangerous and impractical. It never happened for safety reasons and is now used as a tea and soda area for sightseers.
On @DATE1, the Empire State Building was announced to reach a height of 1,250 feet. The building's architect, Al Smith, mentioned that the top is more than just decorative. It is said that this amazing dream will come true for aviation pioneers. The building will have a mooring mast at the top for docking these new airships, also known as blimps. This is considered a good idea. Things didn't go as planned, and fate came. As fate would have it, things should have been more obvious before it was built. The vibes are there; most airships from out of state use hydrogen rather than helium, which is more flammable. The changing winds on top of the buildings cause the airships to spin, and anything that happens to New York City and the pedestrians it holds is a disaster. Another law is the law of how close the airship is to the building. So still leaving the Empire State Building at 1,250 feet, but never accomplishing the original goal.
Builders faced many obstacles when trying to build the Empire State Building. First, if it's a @NUM1 foot building, it has to have a very strong base to support it, and they also have to reinforce the base to be able to mount the mooring mast on top. They also faced the problem of strong air currents moving over New York. All the ships could not dock due to too much current. The mooring mast also puts pressure on the frame. "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." It's a testament to how difficult it was for builders to build the Empire State Building.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. Airships are giant steel-framed balloons that can fly for long periods of time at speeds of up to 70 miles per hour. While airships seem like a good fit for engaging people with modern travel, builders face complex hurdles. There are no areas suitable for airship landings . There are a number of sweeping changes to the building that need to be considered when trying to dock the ship. The load carried away from the ship will increase the pressure on the building frame, as will the wind pressure. The price of retrofitting a building to accommodate a building that can accommodate an airship will cost @MONEY1. Many obstacles have been scientifically proven why spaceships cannot be docked at the Empire State Building. Safety concerns involving the highly flammable hydrogen gas pose a significant risk in densely populated areas of New York. At such a high altitude, nature is also a huge obstacle due to the wind. The law implying that blimps cannot fly too low is a practical reason why blimps cannot be docked on buildings. "A group of engineers in New York are trying to work out a practical arrangement, and government personnel in Washington are trying to figure out how to moor the airship to this mast," said Al Smith. Obstacles involving modest transport ideas are too impractical when using mooring masts as airships at the Empire State Building
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in their efforts to allow the spacecraft to dock on the mast. One issue is security. Some spacecraft were filled with hydrogen, which according to the article is "highly flammable." @CAPS1 Ships can be dangerous on fire in densely populated areas. Nature is another factor. The "violent draft" made the airship difficult to maneuver and brought it close enough to the mast to dock. However, even if these depressing conditions did not exist, it would still be impossible for the spacecraft to be moored to the mast because it would be illegal. A law prohibits "airships from flying too low over urban areas," including blimps. These obstacles were ignored in the plans to build the Empire State Building.
In @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts," it focuses on the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. The law made the original purpose of the mast impossible, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law makes it illegal for ships to dock buildings or even approach the area...". Some ships did try it, but the idea was dropped due to wind and safety reasons. The safety of all was involved in the construction, "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire... The owners of the Empire State Building realized that the situation could have been worse had the accident happened over a populated area. … ". When dealing with other countries, you have to take into account that they may not be using the safest stuff. Mother Nature can be a funny thing, "The wind on top of the building keeps changing...". As the wind changes, it can be difficult for the boat to land. When building something, always be prepared for obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock on it. Architects can't just put a mooring mast on top. If they did, the foundations of the entire building would have to be changed. Naturally, it was also a major reason for stopping the project. The currants are always changing, and the airship will spin. Safety is the biggest reason for closing jobs. Hydrogen is so flammable that if an airship flying over New York catches fire, many people will die. Taken together, these obstacles are the reason builders stopped and didn't complete the Empire State Building project.
The Empire State Building faced a number of problems in allowing ships to dock. The most important reason is people's safety. Most craft use hydrogen, which is extremely flammable, to power the craft instead of helium. In a densely populated area like downtown New York, the death toll would be astronomical. Another obstacle this creation faced was nature. With the ever-changing winds at the top of the Empire State Building, the idea of hanging an airship above pedestrians is not safe. A final reason that airships are unsafe is that current law in the United States prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas when the Empire State Building was built. Therefore, the spacecraft should be close to the ground and not allowed to dock. The idea of a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building is an amazing one, however, there are many obstacles that prohibit it.
When the builders of the Empire State Building envisioned mooring the leading craft on top, there were some serious flaws. On the one hand, a thousand-foot airship moored at such a small focal point due to wind pressure and self-loading puts enormous pressure on the frame of the building (p.@NUM1). This could cause the building to collapse due to the pressure. Another reason is that at such high altitudes, the winds are strong and would rock the rear of the craft over the thousands of pedestrians below, which is neither "…practical nor safe". (page @NUM2). If something goes wrong, the ship could destroy another building or worse: fall. A more practical legal hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from appearing over cities. Even at that altitude, it is illegal to moor a ship to a mast (p.@NUM3). Therefore, it was considered impractical to use the Empire State Building as a high-altitude dock amid the obstacles.
Trying to dock a spaceship at the Empire State Building presents a lot of problems. First, a German spacecraft called the Hindenburg caught fire with hydrogen. Many people will die if a spaceship catches fire over dense New York. Second, winds at 1,250 feet in the air were strong and unpredictable. There is no guarantee that the ship can be docked or controlled once docked. Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. An airship so close to a building with so many people is almost certainly illegal. Since these problems could all lead to death, the idea was discarded.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION1 ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. When starting preparations, the builders thought it would be a good idea to have the airship (also known as the airship) docked there. They fail to take into account the obstacles and struggles they will soon face. The builders didn't take into account what the wind pressure and the pressure of the airship's load would do to the building. "The pressure and wind pressure of the ship's load must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is located nearly eleven hundred feet below." This is a huge problem, and the architect had to make more than @MONEY1 modifications to the building's frame . "Safety is another big concern." Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If a fire breaks out in a densely populated area like downtown New York, the results could be catastrophic. Wind is also a problem. Even if the airship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat can swing and can lead to a dangerous accident. There are also laws against low-flying ships. The architects of the Empire State Building should be thoughtful.
In order for the ship to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders had to meet a lot of expectations and make sure everything worked, but they faced many hurdles along the way. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Another hurdle for builders is that most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. They realized it could be worse, especially in a densely populated area like downtown New York. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. The wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Because of all these obstacles, the builders realized this wouldn't work.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several problems with docking the airship to the mooring mast. Some, I don't even know, @CAPS5 I'll start here, @CAPS1 what @NUM1. spaceship. Now I've never learned about Led Zeppelin's @CAPS2, but I do know one thing. @CAPS7 Does it come out from the front or from the side? I @NUM2. the mast itself. This thing is a failure of @CAPS3. (Don't question why I chose something else for one of the multiple @CAPS4 questions). The reason is @CAPS5 many things can go wrong. This thing can drop @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS6 unless @CAPS7 does something really special to build something this tall. In general, it's been a long time since these issues, and a few others I forgot to mention for obvious reasons, are @CAPS6 why we don't use zeppelins anymore...
In "Mooring Masts," Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 describes safety, law, and nature as the three main hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. Safety is the biggest reason why airships can't be docked at @ORGANIZATION2. The biggest safety concern is that many countries other than @LOCATION2 use hydrogen instead of helium in their ships. A German spacecraft was recently destroyed in a fire in New Jersey because "hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1, @NUM1). The builders of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened "above a densely populated area like downtown New York" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) and parked the airship there, they ran the risk that it could happen. Nature is another major obstacle to the success of mooring masts. Violent drafts at the top of the Empire State Building always cause the wind to change, so because only the front of the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, "the rear of the boat will spin" (@CAPS1, @NUM1). They can't be used like in the open field Lead weights to depress the back because hanging weights above pedestrians on the street is "neither practical nor safe" (@CAPS1, @NUM1). Nature is a major obstacle because it cannot be changed and there is no easy way to fix the problems it creates. The final hurdle is existing laws prohibiting airships from "flying too low over urban areas" (@CAPS1, @NUM5). This law makes it illegal for boats to approach the area and be tied to buildings, a huge obstacle that cannot be bypassed. The safety, legal, and natural hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders prevented the spacecraft from docking on the building's Moore mast.
The building has a steel framed body up to @NUM1 storeys with glazing to 102 storeys. They also had to upgrade buildings because of the pressure from the airship.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts", the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The first hurdle they encountered was designing a mooring mast that could withstand the pressure of the spacecraft's load. In section @NUM1, the author writes: "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." @CAPS1, the steel frame of the Empire State Building Retrofit and reinforcement must be made to improve this problem. Next, the biggest obstacle they faced was the strong wind on top of the building. In section @NUM2 it says: "Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." This is a huge problem, as the architects cannot depress the rear of the boat, Because it may endanger pedestrians. Finally, in section @NUM3, it states that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". @CAPS1, it is illegal to tie a ship to the Empire State Building or even near the area. Because of these three obstacles, plans to use mooring masts are a thing of the past.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem or obstacle they faced was placing a mooring mast on top of the building. They can't just put the mooring mast on top, as that would stress the building and it would spread to the foundation. The steel frame of the building had to be modified to allow the building to withstand the mooring masts alone. The builders then noticed that a large number of ships from outside the United States were filled with hydrogen instead of helium. The problem is that hydrogen is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, in Lakehurst, New Jersey, a German airship crashed and was destroyed by fire. The builders looked back and thought about New York being a densely populated place and what kind of ill effects it had on civilians. The biggest hurdle for builders is its nature. There will be strong winds with a mooring mast, so the ship will be forced to spin and move in all directions. Airplanes would be held down by lead when parked in the open, but on the Empire State Building, they would hang high above civilians and pedestrians on the street, causing great harm to the public.
An excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mast reveals the many obstacles faced by the architect of the Empire State Building. Not only is the construction of the building competitive now, but its expectations are unrealistic. There are many potential problems with the idea of building such an architectural masterpiece, and its architects are not very competitive. As the Chrysler Building progresses, the Empire State Building seeks to get taller. To achieve a higher height, its architects suggested and added a mooring mast, not only to make the building tallest, but to increase its use. Adding mooring masts requires a lot of planning, though. If a giant steel-framed balloon were to rest untouched on top of a building, it could dangerously shake the building's foundations, so the building's frame would have to be rebuilt to be stronger. Furthermore, the architects were unaware of the dangers of docking the spacecraft. Airships or airships run on hydrogen, which is highly flammable and has proven to be a threat to the thousands of people living below.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles trying to get the airship, also known as the blimp, to be docked there. Some of the hurdles builders face is the inability of architects to place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. Mounting a thousand-foot airship on top of a building's frame "would increase the stress on the building's frame". @CAPS1 is in paragraph @NUM1. "The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is almost below NUM2 feet". Also, it is very unsafe to let a highly flammable craft glide over a populated area. Finally, the article states that "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The boat will "spin" around the mooring mast. Airships should land on open ground, they cannot be suspended over pedestrians.
The builders ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship to dock here. Having such a large amount of land on a building of @NUM1 feet in the first place would add a lot of stress to the building frame. All this pressure must be distributed throughout the entire 1100-foot building, which is unthinkable. It would cost over sixty thousand dollars to make the building fit all those weights, and that's on par with everything they're doing. These are some of the obstacles @CAPS1 they're trying to get the ship to dock on top of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. With all the modifications they need to make in order to have a mooring mast, it will cost over sixty thousand dollars. It was such an expensive retrofit because they "couldn't simply put mooring masts on the Empire State Building's" flat roof. The thousand-foot airship was putting too much pressure on the building's frame, and it was their hindrance. Builders needed to strengthen and modify the steel frame of the Empire State Building to secure the airship as needed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship to dock on the building. Mainly because the idea is unrealistic. Having an airship as high as @NUM1 feet filled with flammable nitrogen and hovering over populated areas is an extreme danger. An accident and a lot of lives are at stake. Especially after the crash of the German airship the Hindenburg, the workers knew that if this happened in New York, their death toll would be enormous. Aside from the extreme danger that the builders knew they would be in danger, nature wouldn't make it easier for ships to dock at the Empire State Building. The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing. The airflow is too violent and poses many dangerous threats. Even when the boat is at anchor, the rear of the boat rotates like a hinge. Lead tools can be used to hold down airships, but it's not a safe idea to hang over a ton of people. Overall, the idea of connecting an airship to the Empire State Building is not safe and not worth losing.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles trying to get their ships docked there @CAPS1 is the actual design of the moorings and modifications that had to be made to the building. Due to the stress of wind pressure and the load of the spacecraft, the structure of the building had to be made stronger. The mast also had to withstand the ability to secure the ship with just one cable tether, which put a lot of stress on the mast and buildings. Another problem for builders is that ships from outside the U.S. use the most hydrogen in balloons, not helium, which makes it more flammable and dangerous. If someone caught fire over New York City, it would be catastrophic. Finally, there is already a law that says airships cannot fly to low altitudes in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for ships to dock or even approach the Empire State Building. In conclusion, the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges, most of which were insurmountable. When it comes to trying to get the ship to dock on the spire of a building.
The builders ran into a few hurdles. face this project. One of them is the construction of the Empire State Building, which is taller than the Chrysler Building. The Chrysler Building's Architect Building makes it 46 feet taller. Having done this, the builder needed to make the Empire State Building taller, but make it "as mundane as a water tank" (@NUM1¶Al Smith) Another example is trying to make it a docking station for an airship. These things can add 2@NUM2 miles per hour. They are 1000 feet long. This would take up @NUM3 blocks in New York City. They don't have a good landing zone. The third obstacle they face is nature. The wind keeps blowing. No matter what they need, it is very dangerous to hang an airship over a city of innocent people.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when planning this architectural masterpiece. The plan to put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building definitely fell short of expectations. The first big problem was that when the zeppelin was moored on top, the frame of the building was under a lot of stress, and the tension also affected the foundation. The second issue is the cost of modifying the skyscraper to meet the need for a less emphasised frame. Safety is also a big concern. Most airships are filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas that would also float over one of the country's largest cities if it exploded. With the new @CAPS1 geolocation, the winds at sea are very strong, and these violent airflows are constantly changing direction, potentially causing the airship to crash into buildings. The final hurdle is a law banning airships, which cannot fly low above densely populated cities.
Four main obstacles prevent the ship from docking at the Empire State Building. The first was that a more complex mooring mast had to be installed on top of the Empire State Building, which was very different from the regular mast in the open-air docking area. When the spacecraft is docked on the mast, it puts a lot of stress on the frame of the building, a problem that can be solved by increasing the strength of the steel frame. Another problem is that the spacecraft is made of hydrogen, which can easily catch fire and explode. Engineers believe this will cause big problems in densely populated areas like New York City. Once the mast was built, new problems arose. Even if the blimp could dock, strong winds could cause the rear end of the blimp to move violently, or prevent the blimp from docking, as was the case with the USS Los Angeles. They also cannot use lead weights to depress balloons, as they would pose a danger to civilians. Finally, a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas could prevent docking. These reasons make it impossible for a ship to be moored on top of the Empire State Building, despite the fact that two ships are in close proximity.
Basically, this excerpt is talking about "mooring masts". It's all about construction. One of the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was safety. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." This statement suggests that the spacecraft they make are very flammable and dangerous to people's lives. Pretend the spaceship catches fire while flying high and it can lead to life. Another hurdle for builders is that it violates the law. "Another practical reason airships can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that current law prohibits airships from flying too low over downtown." Although the building is the tallest in New York. But it's still too low for the law. Airships can't fly that low over urban areas, it can cause accidents. The Empire State Building is over 1,250 feet, which means there are strong winds and strong winds at the top of the building, and similar ships cannot stop near the top of the building. "December 1930, US Navy ship @CAPS1 Angeles approaching the mooring mast, unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds."
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1, one of the hurdles is the extensive modifications required to the building frame. Another hurdle they face is that most countries outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable, which makes it impossible for the spacecraft to stop in densely populated areas like downtown New York, as stated in the paragraph @NUM2. The final hurdle they face is existing laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas, making it illegal for ships to be on buildings or even close to the area. These were all obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when it came to allowing the spaceship to dock there. The wind caused great problems with the docking of the airship "the body of the airship can swing in the breeze" (paragraph 6). The swinging of the airship's body will cause pulling forces on the building that the building's current frame cannot support. "The stress of the ship's loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building foundation, which is nearly 1100 feet below" (paragraph @NUM1). The Empire State Building's builders must now strengthen and modify the building's frame to accommodate the stress of the airship's load. Another obstacle faced by the builders of the building was the frame of the mast. The roof must be finished before the mast frame is finished. Since El Smith's idea was to dock the spaceship on the Empire State Building, workers had to work two more months after the building had been completed. Builders worked hard to adapt the new construction to the docking of the ship. Unfortunately, their work came to nothing.
Trying to dock the ship on the Empire State Building presented builders with many obstacles. Some of them weren't even discovered until they finally tried to do it. The first builder problem started with trying to prepare for the actual building to deal with the extra pressure that was put on when the ship was trying to dock. They spent @MONEY1 making modifications to strengthen the frame of the building. Then "instead of building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel..." This created a lot of unnecessary work for the workers and created obstacles. Hazards associated with docking airships that builders must deal with. The drastic changes in airflow will require them to make the mast as strong as possible and explain the motion of the airship. In the end, the biggest hurdle the builders found was that it was legal for airships to fly so low over urban areas, so technically they weren't even allowed to do what they did. In retrospect, it's clear that "the Empire State Building's mooring mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose..."
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One obstacle is the violent wind current that spins the rear of the airship. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent current. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate." The second obstacle is A law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas makes the masts all but useless. A third hurdle is the use of highly flammable hydrogen by foreign spacecraft. After the destruction of the craft called the Hindenburg, "owners realized that it could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like New York. These are the hurdles facing the builders of the Empire State Building. ." Trying to get the ship to dock there.
According to an excerpt from The mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the @CAPS1 Empire State Building encountered fire, wind, and laws prohibiting low-flying airships in urban areas while trying to get their ships docked there. If they let the ship dock there, they will risk catching fire @CAPS2 because ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. Another obstacle is the wind, which is moving due to the violent airflow. The back of the boat would rotate and if they put heavy objects on the back, it would be unsafe for pedestrians on the street. The last hurdle is the law that prohibits airships from flying low in urban areas, I think it is illegal to tether a boat to a building. Those are the ones they face @CAPS1.
Expectations are very high when the spaceship is docked at the Empire State Building. Those who built this massive structure should realize that these expectations are unrealistic. Al Smith plans to have the ship refuel and pick up passengers while docked at @ORGANIZATION1. These plans will never come because; because the spaceship is powered by hydrogen, which is very flammable and can cause a disaster, the wind is too strong atop the Empire State Building, and there is a law that allows planes to fly very high over urban areas Low. In one incident in Lakehurst, the German spacecraft Hindenburg in New Jersey was destroyed by fire. The owner of @ORGANIZATION1 sees "The accident in [NYC] could be worse. The biggest barrier to using mooring quality is nature itself" because of the wind. The airship couldn't even get close enough to the dock. Laws regarding airship height do not allow airships to approach @ORGANIZATION1. The plans for the Empire State Building were never realistic and will never be realized.
Wind was a big concern when building the Empire State Building. The building is so high off the ground that the top is not very stable. If they used airships on the Empire State Building, it would be dangerous because the weight would hang in the air, over the heads of all pedestrians. This plan is neither smart nor safe. There's really no good reason to build it higher just to make it the tallest building.
Seniors at the Empire State Building face many complications. Safety is a major concern. Fighting strong winds is also an issue. When the idea of the mast was created, not many people realized the reality of the concept. It is not safe enough to place a very heavy object on a rope. The combination of flammable gases also suggests New York City is in danger. Landing on such a small roof would be difficult due to strong winds. Steering the craft to such a delicate landing site would prove dangerous in strong winds. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when constructing the mooring mast.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. First, the building has a flat roof and a ship moored on top, secured by only a single cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame. Modifications to the building will cost more than $60,000. Other issues facing the building are related to safety. Some spacecraft use highly flammable hydrogen, which would be catastrophic if an accident happened in New York. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind is constantly changing, and even being tethered to the mooring mast, the boat will not be able to hold. It is also very unsafe. The Empire State Building never fulfilled its purpose.
The main problem with the original design of the mooring mast was that "the architect couldn't just put the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, tethered by a single cable, would give the The frame of the building increases the pressure. The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. Another obstacle that the builders faced in building the mast could be another example of the German airship "Hindenburg". Due to some The craft uses highly flammable hydrogen gas instead of helium, another "Hindenburg accident" could be fatal in "populated areas like downtown New York". @CAPS1 Perhaps the biggest hurdle is "nature itself". Empire State Building Strong winds at the top would cause the craft to rotate around the mooring mast. While the airship could be depressed, the weight would hang over pedestrians, which was "neither practical nor safe".
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. They're having trouble with the area where they're going to get work done. “One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone.” Another obstacle they encountered was the mooring mast. "The biggest obstacle to mooring mast success is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate and moor around the mast." Then there is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. If they did, it would be illegal to even approach a boat in the area by mooring the building.
The Empire State Building's mooring mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built. One of the most important reasons is safety: the joint @CAPS1, which is the easiest to drive from the outside, uses hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable.
In the 1930s, the idea of installing a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building for airships to dock was very popular. However, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, such as current laws regarding airships, flammable, hydrogen-powered airships, high winds, and the fact that mooring airships would add stress to the building's frame. Existing "air traffic laws would prohibit ships from flying near the Empire State Building, or even near the Empire State Building, because airships can't fly too low over urban areas (@NUM1 paragraph). Destruction of the Hindenburg, a hydrogen ship , to help the owners of the Empire State Building be aware of the dangers of the spaceships, especially if they burn in the center of New York (paragraph @NUM2). Strong winds can also be a hazard for spaceships parked at the Empire State Building, seeing that the plane cannot descend in the air (Paragraph @NUM3). The steel frame of the building also had to be modified to accommodate the added stress from mooring the ship. All in all, it's very unrealistic for more ships to go to the Empire State Building because it's not safe there.
Builders face many obstacles such as safety, nature, flammability and laws when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mast. The first was that "the Empire State Building's mooring masts were doomed to fail their purpose". The spacecraft also uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is very flammable. German airship Hindenburg destroyed by fire in New Jersey, "Empire State Building owners realized it could have been worse if it [happened] in a populated area like New York. Violent air currents also played a role, and the ship's The rear will rotate left and right. When the airships are parked on the landing pad, they will be weighed down by lead weights, which is dangerous for pedestrians on the street. Also, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too much over urban areas Low. It is impossible for the ship to rest on the mast
The builders of the Empire State Building in New York encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. One hurdle for builders is building the Empire State Building, which has enough strength to support the ship and sway in the wind without the building collapsing. The weight of the ship must be transferred to the bottom of the building, which is almost 1100 feet below the bottom. The biggest hurdle, however, was securing the ship in place while it was docked on top of the building. The wind is "constantly changing due to violent air currents", sending ships flying wildly on top of buildings (@CAPS1 paragraph @NUM1). Due to the hazards and obstacles of mooring masts and airships, the building will never be used for all purposes of transportation.
When designing and constructing the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, engineers seem to have overlooked some seemingly useful information. As with any vehicle in the air or at sea, the wind is either your enemy or your friend. Engineers should have taken more into account that changing wind speed and direction at 1,250 feet in the air is a huge threat. Your ship will have a hard time getting close to the mast to moor, let alone stay stable enough for passengers to leave and board safely. Also, if the law itself prevents you from floating your airship at such a low altitude, it's game over. If it's illegal, why bother? Even though it looked like a futuristic sci-fi novel, not to mention a really cool way to land an airship, a number of things kept the idea from taking hold.
Owners of the Empire State Building face many hurdles. One obstacle is that there isn't enough space for the spacecraft to land. To help with this, the architects added mooring masts to increase the height of the building. Another obstacle was that the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be enlarged to increase the height of the building. All in all, this will cost more than @MONEY1. The main reason, the obstacle is safety. The owner has to make sure the ship is not flammable, it is flammable. Wind and nature also played an important role in deciding to implement the idea. Strong winds can make the ship wiggle and keep moving. This would leave the spacecraft hanging over people on the streets of New York, which is not safe. The idea of landing a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building was neither safe nor practical, and there were too many struggles and obstacles to implement such a plan.
Builders encountered a number of hurdles when building the mooring masts at the Empire State Building. One thing is that simple buildings will not be strong enough to carry the weight of an airship. Due to this fact, they had to strengthen all the frames of the whole building. They had to make $60,000 worth of modifications to their frame. Fitting the right equipment on the ship is also an issue. The ship did not have the proper docking tools to dock on this newly constructed mooring mast. The back of the ship can also swing back and forth when docked, which is also a problem when docked. Another problem is that most ships outside the US use highly flammable hydrogen and they don't want something that can catch fire near buildings
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the airship to dock there. The main reason the ship can't be docked there is the ship load. Loads cause stress. Wind pressure is another reason airships can't dock there. "Wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." The airship is docked with an electric winch. The electric winch is nice, but it also says "the ship can swing in the breeze", which could also be a safety issue.
In @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. For example, one is safe. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." (@NUM1) This suggests that docking an airship could be harmful, as some buildings and many people could be negatively affected. Large commercial districts are densely populated and do not allow this to happen. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@NUM2) This hurdle facing the builder shows that once again lives are at risk, not to mention the very expensive damage that can be caused by allowing an airship. Another hurdle for builders is that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". (@NUM3) All of these hurdles the builders faced were significant and paved the way for the idea of docking a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building to disarm. The dangers involved are so significant that the top of the building is now safer.
There are many problems with the design of the spacecraft docking system. The first of these questions arises from the practicality of the concept. The winds created by the urban updraft make the landing of the airship too risky, "because the wind is constantly changing at the top of the building due to the strong airflow." Another challenge was the structural design. The Empire State Building was not originally designed to moor airships, so modifying the building was expensive, "exceeds the $1 @NUM1 modification value", and the final hurdle is that there are laws that prohibit airships from flying low-altitude buildings, ".... ..current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas." These proved unrealistically challenging obsticales
The Empire State Building's builders plan to use the building to make New York a leader in modern travel. They built a mooring mast and planned to use it to dock the ship. Unfortunately, some unexpected difficulties were encountered and this goal was never achieved. When the architects first decided to add masts to the Empire State Building, they realized that due to the pressure of the docked spaceships, they would have to redesign the entire building's support structure where it would rest on the building. Even after this issue is resolved, there are still many obstacles preventing the achievement of the goal. The architects failed to see many potential problems with the mast. It wasn't until the mast was built that they realized that most craft from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium to keep them afloat. Highly flammable hydrogen is not a risk builders want to take over densely populated cities. The architects also realised that the unpredictable high winds at the top of the mast were too dangerous for docking the craft. Once these obstacles appeared, it became clear that the Empire State Building would never dock the ship.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles during construction. The largest obstacle that allows an airship or blimp to be docked in a position where natural forces such as wind and gravity are present. As the article states, "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." It is unsafe for passengers on the airship and pedestrians below to approach the airship and the turbulent air. In addition, the flammability of hydrogen in airships also caused problems. There is a @NUM1 foot potential fire hazard floating over populated places like NYC which is very unsafe. Among other things, the law that blimps can't fly too close prohibits blimps from getting close to the mooring masts above the Empire State Building. A test run with the U.S. Navy ship Los Angeles proved too dangerous and impractical; the ship couldn't even get close enough to tether. All in all, the mooring mast over the Empire State Building was a genius idea, but it ran into too many obstacles to use.
Architects had to face many problems when trying to dock a spaceship on the Empire State Building. The first problem the architects faced was adding mooring masts to the building because they couldn't simply drop one, they had to go back and re-support the entire skeleton of the building. Another problem is that if the ship fails like the Hindenburg, it will fall like a fireball to the populous city below. The biggest problem an architect has to face is nature itself. If the ship is tethered below, it will move violently and then @CAPS1 will hit pedestrians below, which is too risky for architects.
When trying to add a mooring mask to the Empire State Building, those adding it faced several hurdles. The builders immediately factored in the size of the ship. If there is something that big on top of the building, the frame will warp. To fix this, they had to spend over $60,000 to change the original frame to something more suitable. Another hurdle faced by builders of the mast is that they created sharp edges on the building that could damage the craft trying to dock. Also, they realize that the mast is above the big city, so if there is an accident, bad things will happen. There's also a law about planes flying too low over cities. The drivable mooring dock atop the Empire State Building was not meant to be.
The Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock there. The airship is docked by electric winches, and the biggest obstacle to the mooring mast is nature. The wind on top of the building is changing due to strong air currents. Even if the ship is moored to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast. An airship moored in an open landing field could be held down with a plumb bob behind it, which was neither practical nor safe. One obstacle to using them in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. A morning mast added to the top of the building will allow the craft to park there for a few hours for refueling or repairs and to get passengers on and off.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many different obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. For example, current law says that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas, which means they cannot be strapped to buildings or approach the area. Another problem was making the mast strong enough to support the airship. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." This suggests that improvements must be made to the mast. One of the biggest problems with building the mast was that the spacecraft was filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. The owner of the building remembers the German airship Hindenburg, which was destroyed by fire in 1937, and how bad it would have been if the accident had happened in a densely populated area.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. An airship is an airship, a huge steel balloon filled with hydrogen and helium. Airships lack a suitable landing zone in New York. Al Smith served four terms as Governor of New York. He came up with the idea of adding a mooring mast to the Empire State Building, where the ship would park, refuel and passengers could safely disembark and disembark. Architects and builders had to consult with experts, so they brought in workers at @ORGANIZATION2, tested the quality, and met the president of a recently launched airship transportation company. After all these obstacles, they can finally build the mooring mast
The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted describes the construction of the Empire State Building mast. The mast was originally added to increase the height of the thousand-foot building. However, Al Smith, one of the builders, wanted the mast to "serve the higher mission" of providing a docking station for the spacecraft. The idea proved to be very challenging. First, the builders had to alter the tower's structure to make it strong enough to support the weight of the ship swaying in the wind. "The pressure of the ship's load...must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building..." Lüsted wrote, when the mast was finally built, the builders faced the problem of keeping the ship "overhanging pedestrians" in the street. " One person goes down and hundreds of people die. Finally, there's a law that prohibits "airships from flying too low over urban areas." By docking at the Empire State Building, the airship would be violating that law. While that's a good idea," "Mooring Mast" indicates that it is impossible for the spacecraft to be docked on top of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles in getting the spacecraft to dock there. Safety is the top concern at every stage. The recent explosion in the Hindenburg indicated potential problems with the docking of these planes. If an airship blows up in downtown New York, it could be a disaster. Another obstacle that will be faced is nature. The wind direction on the roof is constantly changing. Unpredictable winds at the top of the building made the idea of mooring the zeppelin very illogical. At this time, laws are being introduced to ban low-altitude flying in urban areas. These would make docking an airship illegal. The idea of making the Empire State Building a mooring post was an engineering feat, but its practical use was not practical.
The obstacle that builders faced when trying to dock the ship was that a thousand-foot-long ship docked on top of a building would add stress to the building's frame. In addition, the load stress and wind pressure of the dirigibe must also be transmitted. It needs to teleport to the base of the building nearly 1,100 feet underground. The steel frame had to be modified and strengthened, which would cost more than sixty thousand dollars.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were simply too difficult. Workers have to make sure the building is not so high that it leans. Workers are also facing competition they need the building there to be the biggest and they don't give up until the building there is among the tallest buildings in @CAPS1.
Builders trying to dock spaceships on top of the Empire State Building are facing problems. The weight and wind pressure of the ship will increase the pressure on the building. Transmit @CAPS1 to @NUM1 feet above the building foundation. Architecture is not the only problem. Most @CAPS2-American ships are afloat with extremely flammable helium, and if it were @CAPS3 on busy+congested NYC streets, a lot of people would probably die. Naturally added problems. Wind currents have the potential to push ships into @CAPS4 buildings, causing them to burst. The last problem is that @CAPS5 already exists and does not allow low-flying aircraft. Builders face nature, @CAPS5, safety and construction issues leading to the demise of the use of mooring systems.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a formidable hurdle when trying to get the spaceship docked there. First, the new friend must include more money. Anything done on top of such a large building has to be balanced by strengthening the foundation. According to paragraph @NUM1, "More than $60,000 worth of modifications must be made to the building's framing." Another big hurdle that builders had to address was finding a way to neutralize the violent winds on top of the building at @DATE1 ft. Even if the front of the craft is fastened to the moorings, the rear will sway in the wind, and any accident or damage to the craft in a densely populated area like downtown New York can have devastating consequences. In short, the risks of having a ship docked atop the Empire State Building outweigh the rewards. When airship travel became less practical, the program was scrapped entirely.
In trying to get the Empire State Building to allow the spacecraft to dock there, many obstacles were encountered. This has been a long, difficult and thoughtful process. Workers can't just put mooring masts on the roofs of buildings. A 1,000-foot-long spacecraft is moored on top of the building. It is held in place by a cable tether, which adds stress to the building's frame. The architects also had to build a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel, illuminated from within, in a stepped design that mimics the overall shape of the building. Later they realized that the spacecraft could not be parked at the Empire State Building. One reason is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. Architects have gone through many hurdles when building the mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered some tough, life-threatening problems. The first is mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. When it was explained that if a craft tried to dock and something went wrong and caught fire, they would cause serious damage to people on the street. Another hurdle that builders have to deal with is the "biggest hurdle" in the @NUM2 paragraph. In fact, the wind at the top of the tower would throw the airship against the mooring mast with a cable. The safety of anyone around the building or on the airship cannot be guaranteed. Another reason builders have to figure out when building the mast is that no low-flying airship can access the area mentioned in paragraph @NUM3. These are some of the issues that builders will have to face if they wish to dock a ship to a building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's past construction makes it the tallest building in the United States. Although builder Al Smith faced many obstacles, they encountered the most difficult when trying to get the ship to dock there. One of the hurdles is allowing the spacecraft to park for hours for refueling or repairs and to get passengers on and off. Another obstacle was docking the ships, as they needed a place to attach to the mast. Allegedly, "the ship is docked by an electric winch, which is pulled in a line from the front of the ship, which is then tied to the mast" (Lüsted @NUM1) This may be a problem, as the body of the mast can sway in the breeze . Despite the many obstacles, Al Smith managed to get around them and bravely completed the Empire State Building to overcome all obstacles.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," @ORGANIZATION2 describes the architectural, chemical and legal challenges that prevented the construction of an airship mooring pier atop the Empire State Building. Although at the time - @CAPS1 Al Smith publicly announced the plan, and John Tauranac reported that the top of the Empire State Building "will provide more demanding than the few feet of increase required", @ORGANIZATION2 argued that the failure of the mast "was built before construction." It should be obvious." According to the article, masts and moored ships "add stress to the frame of the building." Spent more than $60,000 to deal with the stress. Foreign spacecraft also contain hydrogen, which is more flammable than the helium used in the United States. An explosion over the Empire State Building would be devastating to the city. Current law prohibits ships from "even approaching" buildings. @ORGANIZATION2 uses these reasons to elaborate on the impractical nature of mooring masts.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to park their spaceships in difficult places. One of the hurdles they faced was restoring the Empire State Building, which was expensive. For example, in the excerpt: "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to fit the new conditions, and the frame of the building had to undergo a $60,000 remodel." The plan was never fully passed because safety is a problem. Fires and people getting hurt in the streets are huge risks they can't take. It is also illegal for an airship to fly too low over an urban area. The hurdles builders had to face made the idea impossible.
Architects have few problems. As stated in @LOCATION1, the pressure from the airship load was too much for this building. They put @CAPS1 in over $60k in revisions. Other then they @CAPS2 had to redesign then make it.
In the short story "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building run into obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One problem is the load on the ship and the wind pressure on the foundation of the building. "The stress of the airship's load, translated into wind pressure, must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." @ CAPS1, this is a big obstacle to the landing process of the spacecraft. Another problem they encountered was that the spacecraft used hydrogen, which is highly flammable. Not good for a densely populated city if it catches fire. "The Empire State Building's mooring masts are doomed to never fulfill their purpose. Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." If the craft catches fire, many lives will be in complete danger middle. All in all, there are a number of reasons why the mooring masts didn't work out, but safety along with the ship's load and wind pressure on the building's foundation were the two biggest obstacles to getting the ship to dock.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles in trying to get the airship to dock there, but the main obstacles included the danger posed by airships, nature, and current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in the suburbs. According to the readings, the danger posed by airships is "Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is considered highly flammable." The danger was underscored when the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Nature was also a huge hurdle, as the "wind on top of the building" was "constantly changing due to violent air currents". Because of these winds, it's nearly impossible to dock a craft on the mooring mast without letting it move frantically around. The final hurdle, the law, "will prohibit ships from docking at the building or even approaching the area. Unless the law is revoked, the mooring masts will never work. However, the hurdle for builders faces when designing the actual masts themselves." Empire The steel frame of the building had to be retrofitted and reinforced” because “the load of the spacecraft and the stress of wind pressure had to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building.” It turned out to be a “modification worth more than $60,000.”
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders had to deal with a lot of @CAPS1 trying to get the driggibles docked there. In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's reading pick The Mooring Mast, it discusses the many faces @CAPS1. For example, the hurdle they have to face is finding landing zones, as New York City is sorely lacking suitable landing zones. The second @CAPS1 they faced was how to globalize airships, so they met with the president of a formed airship transportation company that would use airships for service in the Pacific. The architects held a meeting with the government about mooring the airship to a safe passage to this mast. The builder went through a lot of @CAPS1 to use the ship, but in the end it wasn't enough to make the plan work.
One hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get the spaceship docked there was how to do it safely. Based on the readings, it said "most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Another obstacle is nature itself. This sentence at the beginning of paragraph @NUM1 "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent air currents" proves that it is not safe to dock the airship on the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. Last but not @CAPS1, another reason the ship won't dock is because it's illegal. "There is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas." Because of that law, it is illegal for airships to even approach the area. Therefore, it is impossible for a ship to land there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, the authors mention that they had to consider the Hindenburg incident that occurred on May 6, 1937, "The owners of the Empire State Building realized that if an accident happened, it could get worse. In the densely populated areas, such as downtown New York," the authors said. They realize that in all situations, the safety of the people must come first. Additionally, another hurdle faced by Al Smith and the builders was docking the ship when people were below. In paragraph @NUM2, the author says, "The greatest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." @CAPS1 ships are often docked in open fields where it is safe to use weights that hold down the stern. But it's not possible over densely populated areas, where lead weights hanging over pedestrians are a safety violation. Builders encountered many obstacles in designing the use of mooring masts.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A thousand-foot spaceship on top of the Empire State Building may add stress to the building's frame. The airship was under so much pressure that the frame of the building had to be modified and reinforced to accommodate the airship. Landing a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building takes a lot of risk.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the problems is that holding the airship a thousand feet through a cable tether will add stress to the frame. The obstacle they go through is: making the frame stronger. In #NUM1 it states that they went through obstacles to make the building stronger. "The architect designed the tower with vitreous luster and chrome-nickel stainless steel". And "the rocket-shaped mast will have four wings at its corners." They go through other obstacles in making sure the anchoring mast is tall enough, and in the first @NUM2 Smith said, "People in Washington are discriminating in some safe way. mooring airships with this mast".
The builders in this excerpt faced quite a few challenges trying to get the ship to dock there. First, the entire structure of the Empire State Building needs to be changed. Installing a mooring mast with a ship on top of a building puts a lot of stress on the frame of the building. The stainless steel in the structural frame needs to be modified to make it stronger, but this is very expensive. The excerpt says: "A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame" (paragraph @NUM1). Another challenge for builders is trying to deal with existing laws that already exist. The government doesn't want planes flying too low over buildings. The excerpt says: "Another practical reason why spaceships cannot be parked at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit aircraft from flying too low over urban areas." (@NUM2 paragraph). The excerpt also said the law would make it illegal for aircraft to be tied up on or even near buildings.
There are three main obstacles to building an airship dock on top of the Empire State Building. The first issue is security. Most craft from outside the U.S. are flammable because they "use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." When the Hindenburg was destroyed, they realized it would be worse if it were a densely populated city. Another problem is nature. The winds are "constantly changing due to violent air currents" and the rear of the craft will "spin around the mooring mast". The third problem is that the law is enacted. As Lüsted puts it, "[there] is a current law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas." The building had to be taller to allow ships to approach it.
Building a big job isn't easy. You have to correct the negatives and do everything right. You never know sometimes you have to take things apart to get the hard work done right. When you see that you are doing the right thing to prevent bad things from happening. You may face a whole bunch of things while building. The Empire faced attempts to allow docking when ships built to docks were not executed or built correctly. That said, the swing climbs up as build pressure. Although, building things is difficult. You will get beauty and hardship from it. It can help remind you of wells done correctly.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some of the most obvious reasons are because of what airships are made of, weather conditions, and current laws regarding airships flying over urban areas. Airships are not made of the safest materials, most are made of hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. This will make the dock unsafe if the ship catches fire. If the spacecraft catches fire, the accident will be very serious, because the space station will be located in a densely populated area. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "The biggest obstacle to successful use of the mooring mast is nature itself." Due to the violent draughts at the top of the Empire State Building, the ship would spin around the mooring mast, making it unsafe to dock there. If something were to go wrong with the airship, many pedestrians below would be unsafe. The last reason the dock wasn't built is in paragraph @NUM2 because "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". Under this law, it is illegal to tie a spacecraft to a dock. This law is due to the high winds and fears that they will blow the ship onto other buildings. The dock could not be built due to safety reasons and current laws.
Builders of the Empire State Building faced @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 as they tried to get their ships docked there. The biggest problem for the builders was safety, actually mooring the ship itself. The hydrogen used in the spacecraft is not safe because hydrogen is very flammable. If hydrogen catches fire, especially in a densely populated place like New York City, a lot of people could be hurt. In addition, the builders were faced with the task of mooring the spacecraft. Airships are usually anchored with heavy lead blocks. However, if someone uses these weights to hold the spacecraft above a city street, pedestrians below could be injured. In fact, allowing the ship to dock created another problem for the builders: If the ship was tethered to the mast at the top of the Empire State Building, the ship would swing around the mast and wind around it. Ultimately, builders were unable to address these issues, and the Empire @CAPS3 building is now primarily used as an observation deck and building.
Docking a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building is a feat that will likely never be accomplished. The main overall concern for allowing this is security. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 the author discusses the infamous destruction of the Hindenburg, the architects realised that the accident would have been far more catastrophic if it had happened in a city like New York. Nature also played a part in this fight to make this mast work. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong airflow" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The authors then discuss how the spacecraft will swing around the mast. and trying to weigh it "neither practical nor safe" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The last and most obvious reason why this mast didn't work was the passing of a law. A law that prohibits airships from flying over lowlands to urban areas. This means that the spacecraft cannot legally approach the mast. These architects barely worked for them and pretty much everything went against them.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building had a tough task at hand. They were building the tallest building in the world, and things got more difficult when the building's superintendent, Al Smith, said to make it taller. Mainly because they hope this newfound height can be used as a dock for the spacecraft. What they don't know is that it's a little harder than tying an airship to a building. They have many obstacles at hand. Architects will have to modify the building because a thousand-foot-long ship moored to the building will add to the stress on the building. The spacecraft was using extremely flammable hydrogen, and if it caught fire in downtown New York, it would be catastrophic. Nature also poses a threat, and wind on top of buildings can cause ships to spin. The final hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The final plan failed.
They @CAPS1 on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and @ORGANIZATION1 have lots of questions about airships with the folks at @CAPS2
Al Smith and the engineers encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. One obstacle they face is that most spacecraft use hydrogen, a very flammable chemical that could cause the Empire State Building to burn down and kill millions. Another obstacle they faced was nature, where at 1,250 feet, the wind was so incredible that they could blow the airship into a building, killing it. Apparently, the law prohibits airships from "flying too low over urban areas". It is therefore illegal to do so. The building hit a lot of obstacles, it passed most of it, but it was very unsafe to go on with the mast in the end.
In the excerpt, the mooring mast by the author @ORGANIZATION1, the hurdle of the builders of the Empire State Building @CAPS1 trying to get the spaceship docked there is that the architect cannot simply place the mooring mast on the flat roof of the building on top of the Empire State Building. They intended to attach a cable tether, but that would add stress to the building's frame. They had to make the building's frame stronger, designing a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel that could be illuminated from within. When they tried, it was windy, constantly changing due to the violent airflow. The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. They can't deal with it either, because there's a law that requires airships to fly to low altitudes in urban areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several obstacles in allowing the airship to dock. One problem was that if they tethered a cable to the building and the airship, it would add stress to the building frame. Airship load pressure and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the bottom of the building located 1 feet below @DATE. Another problem that later arose was that other airships outside the United States were built with hydrogen, not helium, which is highly flammable. Now, since the German airship Hindenburg was blown up by fire over @CAPS1, NJ, architects are now worried that if it happened over the city @LOCATION3 it would be a bad idea to do this b/c so much more Many lives will be at risk. Another obstacle arises due to nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to high winds. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear end of the airship will be all over the place. That's why now, the airship is docked to the ground and weighed down by the weight on the @NUM1 side. Another reason this is a problem is that it is illegal to dock an airship at the Empire State Building because it will fly low. The law also makes it illegal for airships to dock on buildings.
Builders have to overcome many obstacles. One hurdle was that the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be retrofitted because the ship's loads and wind pressure would be transferred all the way to the building's foundation. They had to pay over $60,000 worth of building framing renovations.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building had to overcome a number of hurdles to get the spaceship docked there. Builders had to figure out a way to connect the ship to the Empire State Building in order to “refuel or service, and get passengers on and off” (¶ 6). Builders also had to figure out a way to securely attach the mooring mast to the top of the building. According to the text, using just one wire to attach the airship to the building would add more stress to the building's frame, so they couldn't simply place the mooring mast on top of the building. As a result, the builder had to edit the foundation so it wouldn't collapse if durable goods were attached. In the end, builders need to overcome the simple nature that they don't have the wind on top of the building constantly changing, and they're in a densely populated city, so if something goes wrong, a lot of people could be harmed
In an excerpt from "The Mooring Mast" written by @ORGANIZATION2, the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were very difficult and, as far as I understand it, unsuccessful. Empire State Building architects and engineers consulted with Empire State Building experts @PERSON1 Air Station, and Navy leaders provided the craft that could be used to test the mast. When determining whether a mast can be used, architects cannot simply lower the mooring mast because it can stress the building's frame. The Empire State Building's mooring mast was also doomed to never fulfill its purpose. It's not safe enough because ships from outside @LOCATION2 don't always use helium, they use hydrogen which is highly flammable, which is a bad idea in @CAPS1 in downtown NYC.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," builders had to face many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the Empire State Building. While the idea didn't pan out, it took them a long time to realize the cause and effect of docking the airship. More than 60,000 euros were spent on the renovation of the building. After repairing the structure of the building, the builders discovered that the weather had been disturbed. Due to high winds, the spaceship was constantly moving. There is no safe way to control shifting. They are also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over densely populated cities. Another reason is that ships are very dangerous and highly flammable. Trying to build a mooring mast is not a good idea.
Architects in New York in the late 1920s and 1930s planned to revolutionize @CAPS1 and put New York at the forefront of modern travel. However, the crazy idea failed to materialize. To surpass the Chrysler Building, architect Al Smith added an unsafe mast to the top of the Empire State Building. Airships, or airships, where passengers can get on and off and refuel, have more hype than research. The biggest hurdle for builders is safety. Since most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, they are very flammable. If the German airship Hindenburg exploded over an area more densely populated than New Jersey, such as New York, the results would have been far more devastating. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, if the mast is successful, the weather will prove fatal. Even when the boat is tethered to the mast, it still spins. The U.S. Navy has tried to tie up next to the mast -- until a law is passed that wouldn't allow planes to fly so low -- but the wind could make their efforts futile. The architects of the 1920s and 1930s thought big, but some obstacles were too big to cross.
When it came to the idea of creating a morning station for the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building, engineers failed to address several issues. The first is the problem of using highly flammable hydrogen to fill the spacecraft. The Hindenburg accident showed just how terrifying one of these explosions can be. It's even worse if it's more than @NUM1 stories in the air. Second, strong wind gusts can make it impossible to dock a ship on top of a building, especially if using a conventional plumb bob is neither safe nor practical. Finally, before this project was considered, there was a law that made it illegal to fly any airship so low in an urban area.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts", it is clear that the architects were blind to the problem of the masts. Al Smith has become increasingly competitive in building the tallest buildings, blinding him to the potential risks. People wanting to advance the transportation of their times don't fully analyze future complications. In designing the mast, paragraph 9 quotes "a thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building...adds stress to the building's frame". Even in the early progress of the mast, it became clear that this might not work. Two months later, the building was reframed and masts added. On May 6, 1937, the building's owners realized that if an accident like the destruction of the Hindenburg occurred at the top of the building, there would be a devastating catastrophe over densely populated downtown New York (@NUM1 part). Another obstacle, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM2, is nature itself. Winds at such high altitudes are often unpredictable, and it would be extremely dangerous to have a tethered airship spinning around the mast. So the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building never lived up to its fate, but is now where tourists flock. By the end of the 1930s, the idea of airships as the transportation of the future was replaced by airplanes.
Builders - the Empire State Building's designers faced many hurdles in allowing ships to dock on top. The first and most obvious one is the frame of the building. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on top of @ORGANIZATION1 flat roofs" (@NUM1), the article said. A thousand-foot tower would add extra stress to a building's frame. Next comes the question of security. Most international airships are filled with hydrogen, a very dangerous gas that can explode massively if caught on fire, such as the German airship Hindenburg. If the same accident happened in New York City, many pedestrians would be injured or killed. Also, the wind made a huge obstacle. The wind is "constantly changing due to violent air currents" (@NUM2) so the rear of the boat will "spin around the mooring mast" which will be extremely unsafe. Finally, and easiest, the law does not allow airships to fly so low over urban areas. All these obstacles combined led to the failure of the idea of using the building as a docking tower.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION1 will have to face a number of hurdles if they decide to allow airships (airships) to dock there. "Most spacecraft outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." On @DATE1, the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION3, NJ. The owners realized that a place like New York City would be worse. Another big obstacle is nature itself. "Winds on top of @ORGANIZATION1 are constantly changing due to strong air currents." If the airship was tied to the mooring mast, the back of the boat would move around, making it difficult for pedestrians to get on and off. If they pressed it down with lead, there would be a heavy piece of lead hanging from pedestrians in New York City. The final hurdle the boulders in Empire State @ORGANIZATION1 have to face is "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". The law does not allow airships to dock on top of @ORGANIZATION1. They are not even allowed to approach @ORGANIZATION1.
The Empire State Building is one of the tallest buildings ever built. It's way, because of this, it is impossible to dock the mooring mast on the airship. This problem is well described by @ORGANIZATION1's article titled "Mooring Hypertrophy" that airships may have encountered. "The biggest obstacle to successfully using mooring masts is naturalness. The strong airflow at the top of the building is constantly changing, and even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will turn around and around. of the mooring mast". It's true that an airship should try what it will do in the wilderness, but twist the mooring mast. It may also crash into other buildings. It can tear up the mooring mast. There are so many builders without consideration.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of this very massive structure. The first hurdle to implementation is security. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which is extremely flammable. As the author mentions, another difficult obstacle that is unavoidable is nature in general. The wind at the top of the building is sporadic, which can be a big problem for the spacecraft trying to dock. However, the biggest hurdle that builders never realized was that it was even illegal. The height of the Empire State Building is too low for any type of aircraft. This could pose a danger to the urban areas below. These are the main obstacles to mooring mast failure.
The builders didn't have a proper drop zone for the ship, and if the ship landed on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, it would add stress to the building. Funding is one of the big issues facing builders. In paragraph @NUM1 it says the biggest obstacle is nature, strong winds on top of buildings are moving due to strong airflow. Because the spacecraft itself will rotate around the mooring mast, but also for the safety of the people. Another hurdle is the law that doesn't allow flying too low over urban areas.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was building a structure with a top stable enough to accommodate the spacecraft. However, once the Chrysler Building was taller than the Empire State Building, the idea of an airship slowly faded away and went unnoticed. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, Al Smith said he would put a hat or a hat on the building to make it taller. The only problem is that the spaceship won't be docked there, but will be sitting next to the building. If Smith wasn't as competitive, the airship would have a nice platform to dock.
The builders put a lot of thought into building the Empire State Building to allow spaceships to dock. First, they had to look at what the building could withstand and try to calculate what it could hold so it wouldn't collapse. Then they have to figure out the safety of passengers and pedestrians to get in and out as safely and easily as possible. Despite all the efforts of the builders to build the Al Smith idea, the possibility was simply not realistic to the public and the scheme had to be shut down. Although it's a good story and an important learning block for builders.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the first problems they faced was not being able to land. “One obstacle to their expanded use in New York is the lack of suitable landing zones.” (@CAPS1 6). This is a major problem because they have nowhere to land the object. This does not modernize their travel. Another issue facing builders is safety. "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This raises a question because if other countries' ships are a threat to people's safety, they are How to access our. They don't take risks. The third issue is nature and weather. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) Airship landings are very unstable, and the wind will flip them over. It's very insecure @CAPS5, that's why it's off-limits for builders.
The hurdles the builders faced when trying to dock the ship at the Empire State Building were there. The possible danger of owning something falls upon them. Hydrogen is highly flammable, so the spacecraft could explode and suck in anyone around. The Empire State Building may not be strong enough to withstand the movement of @CAPS1, the back of it moves so much from the dangerous wind that @CAPS1 could pull off part of the building and possibly pedestrians near @CAPS2.
Obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock their spaceships. Wasn't the Empire State Building planned for the world when it was conceived. Then there's the new Chrysler Building on Forty-Second Street. and @CAPS1 Avenue in New York. Before construction began on the Empire State Building, Al Smith was determined to go beyond. This airship or zeppelin and @ORGANIZATION2 will have a mooring mast on top of it for docking.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. One hurdle is the lack of suitable landing zones in New York City. Another hurdle was that architects couldn't put down mooring masts on the Empire State Building's flat roof. A ship tethered to the top of a building by a single cable tether adds stress to the building's frame. However, the biggest obstacle is nature. Strong air currents cause constantly changing winds at the top of the building. The stern rotates around the mooring mast when moored.
Throughout the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders encountered a number of hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked to the building: One obstacle the builders encountered was that when the spaceship was connected to the building by a single cable, it increased due to the airship The combination of loads and wind pressure on top of the massive @DATE1 foot structure put a lot of stress on the building frame. To fix this, the building had to make more than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame. Another obstacle encountered was the safety of the docking craft. One problem is that many spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, rather than helium. This made the ship owners aware of the seriousness of the accident, but what happened to the Hindenburg could have happened in such a densely populated area. Another safety concern is high wind speeds. Even with the ship docked on the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swing violently due to strong winds at 1ft @DATE. Also, normally airships can be weighed against the field with lead weights to keep them from moving, but "use these at the Empire State Building and they'll hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe." @CAPS1 has both One reason, in urban areas there is already a law against the height of blimps, and by talking about blimps on buildings it would break it. As you can see in this paragraph, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
In an excerpt from @PERSON1's "Mooring Mast", @ORGANIZATION1's builder tries to get an airship or blimp docked there. First, they need a suitable landing area, which is a mooring mast. But before the masts could be built, "the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." Workers made it all the way to the building's 85th floor, but before the masts could be erected, the roof had to be finished. Before moving on to the next phase of the project, the architects suddenly realized how dangerous and disastrous the outcome of all this could be. The Hindenburg sets a good example of why they can't. The area around the building is too densely populated. Given the violent air currents, there's a good chance the spacecraft could wreak havoc over New York City. The project is too risky, but involving future traffic is a good idea.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. The main issue is security. When the front is attached to the building by a mast, the rear moves. Another big problem is that the spacecraft is filled with highly flammable hydrogen. Also, it is illegal for an airship to fly so low over an urban area. Another obstacle was that the ship couldn't get close enough to the building because of the wind.
While trying to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a major hurdle. The first puzzle presented to the builder has to do with the structure. They realized that "the stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred to... the foundation of the building." This reality has resulted in builders spending more than @MONEY1 to modify the building. While the builders were able to straighten out the frame of the building, the later obstacles could not be overcome. After the 1937 Hindenburg accident, "the owners of the Empire @CAPS1 building realized the accident could have been worse" if the spacecraft exploded over New York City. The safety of the city becomes an issue. Until airships become less flammable, it doesn't make sense to risk placing them in populated areas. The final obstacle to the success of a mooring mast is "nature itself". High winds blowing around the 101st and 102nd floors will spin the airship around the mooring masts. This is "neither practical nor safe". Overall, the hurdles faced by builders proved fatal to the success of the mooring mast.
Architects cannot simply place a mooring mast on the roof of the Empire State Building because it would add stress to the building's frame. So they had to modify the frame of the building to strengthen them. Also, most ships would prefer to use the highly flammable hydrogen and destroy New York's population. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind was constantly changing, and the rear of the craft would spin around the mooring mast, making it unsafe for pedestrians below. Finally, another reason why blimps can't be moored at the building is because there is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, @CAPS1 faced a formidable hurdle when trying to get the ship docked at the Empire State Building. First of all "the biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself" the reason is because "the wind at the top of the building is always changing due to purple currents" "even if the airship is tethered it will spin" "and it will be on the street "It's neither practical nor safe" to hang high above pedestrians" if they continue to park on top of the building, it will be very dangerous. These are the hurdles facing builders.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. One snag is that a building with mooring masts on top of it connected to the airship via a cable "would add stress to the building's frame". Another obstacle is repairing the building structure so that it can support the mast.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the author describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. An architect named Al Smith was four-term governor of New York and oversaw the construction of the Empire State Building after many years in office. He imagined that the top of the building was a "higher calling." He envisioned it as being equipped for the era of transportation that was the only dream of aviation pioneers at the time. To him, it seemed possible until an obstacle appeared. The first hurdle encountered was the lack of suitable areas in New York City. They will have to clear about four blocks in a busy city! The Empire State Building's architects and engineers consulted experts, but the plan wasn't great. More than $60,000 worth of renovations had to be made to the building's frame. The building will now have 102 floors, with a glass viewing area on the 101st floor. In the end, the biggest obstacle is nature itself.
@CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3 The idea of docking a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building didn't seem so in 1929 @CAPS1-@CAPS2. After implementing the idea of placing a mooring mast on top of a thousand-foot building, problems quickly arose. The first problem the architect encountered was the construction of the building itself. The Empire State Building was never built to hold a thousand-foot spaceship. The added weight can stress the building's frame. As a solution to the problem, four-term New York Governor Al Smith developed a "quick fix." Smith invested $60,000 to strengthen the building's support. Even with the strengthened framework, security is still the main conflict that keeps the idea off. In addition to the structural dangers, hydrogen is also a major source of weight loss for the spacecraft. Unlike helium, hydrogen is highly flammable, is the idea worth endangering thousands of lives by exploding a spacecraft? The people of New York don't want to relive the Hindenburg fiasco on their heads. The last major conflict in Smith's thinking is nature itself. Air currents are an uncontrollable force of nature, especially at a thousand feet above the ground. Even when tethered, the airship will spin too much @CAPS1 enough to be considered safe. The idea itself is incredible. A mast is placed on top of the Empire State Building, and in fact, the 102nd floor does exist. The functions of both buildings have been deactivated, proving unsafe to the public.
Builders faced a number of hurdles in trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the Empire State Building. Often times, predicting something will be much easier than actually doing it, which is exactly what happened in this case. As stated in the excerpt, "The stresses of ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which lies nearly 1,100 feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new condition." For For builders, this is a fairly large project that requires a lot of time and effort. Additionally, builders eventually realized there were huge safety concerns with this new design. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. This is a huge obstacle to their plans. "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The shifting of the wind direction caused by the airflow is also a big problem. All of these make the mooring mast not successful.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to build the masts for docking airships. One of the main reasons the mast was never built was for safety reasons. Most foreign spacecraft run on hydrogen fuel, and the builders didn't want to risk another Hindenburg accident in densely populated New York City. Naturally, the construction of the pier is also limited. The constantly changing winds at the top of the Empire State Building due to strong air currents are another threat builders don't want to risk. Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. There are a number of reasons why the mast was never built, including safety concerns, nature, and current laws that prohibit low-flying over the city. Ultimately, however, building an airship mast was neither practical nor safe, and the project was eventually abandoned.
Mooring a ship simply isn't good if it's moored on top of the Empire State Building. One of the reasons for mooring the spacecraft on top of the building is that most ships coming to this terminal from outside the United States use hydrogen gas instead of helium. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and after the Hindenburg exploded, it was unsafe to use hydrogen-filled craft in densely populated areas such as New York City. Another hurdle is the climate issue. This is the biggest problem. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents," (paragraph @NUM1). If the wind were that fast, the rear of the spacecraft would swing freely. This can be dangerous if your back hits a nearby building or starts to lose control and break free from the building. The final problem faced according to the story is that docking an airship is illegal. Current law says that airships cannot fly to low altitudes in urban areas. If the ship can dock at the Empire State Building, it's too low above the city. This makes it impossible for the Empire State Building to have a dock for spaceships.
The hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders were daunting because they couldn't just put mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building to do the framing work, and the ship's load and wind pressure had to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. That's nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building also had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. And the building's frame had to be remodeled in excess of $60,000. The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that can be lit from the side, with a setback design that mimics all shapes building their own capital rocket-shaped masts. It will have four wings at its corners, are made of shiny aluminium, and will rise to a tapered roof that accommodates the mooring arms.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. According to the excerpt, the author said "the biggest reason is safety". The hydrogen used by the spacecraft is very flammable, and they can't venture in such a densely populated area. Another obstacle is wind and nature itself. In the excerpt it said "winds on top of the building were constantly changing into violent draughts" which created another safety issue. The wind would rock the ship back and forth, and it would be dangerous to hang over pedestrians if they weighed their backs down. The author explains that "the Empire State Building's mooring masts are doomed to fail their purpose". This is because it is neither practical nor safe.
The problems builders encountered when trying to build the Empire State Building began with the fact that the ship had to be tethered to the mast, and a single cable tether would "put stress on the building frame." In paragraph @NUM1, the author said that the existing foundation could not handle the wind pressure and the weight of the ship, so the frame had to be made stronger and changed. The last question was when "Columbia" delivered the newspaper to the Empire State Building. No moorings were installed due to problems with the design, laws and common sense previously used in the construction of the building. The rest of the problem has to do with forgetting about reality due to the actual effectiveness of the building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Masts, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. One of the hurdles for builders is safety as they try to build a mooring mast at the very top of the building for the airship to stop for refueling etc. If builders continue to do this, it will be a safety issue. Marcia Lüsted wrote: "Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." If it exploded in New York, it could be a big problem, and many lives would be at risk. Another hurdle for builders is strength, as "a single cable tether can add stress to the building's frame" since the mooring masts will be used for the airship. The stress of the airship load would increase the stress on the building's frame, so the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened.
@CAPS1, who made the mooring masts, faced a number of hurdles when trying to dock the ship. Some are safe, naturally own, and pre-existing laws. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." The biggest hurdle is nature. The wind at the top is always changing and can knock the ship against the mast. Current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in cities. For all the work @CAPS1 put into the mast, it was never able to live up to its potential.
The Empire State Building is not a good place to install an airship. One reason it never worked out was security concerns. In every country except @PERSON1, ships use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and should not be flown in populated areas. Another obstacle that architects had to face was the wind speed at that height. Changing winds will make the airship need to be tethered fore and aft. Next, they need to ensure that the mooring masts are high enough to exceed laws that prohibit low-flying in urban areas. The biggest problem is how they never complete their plans. Even after the @NUM1 $1 renovation, the building is not finished.
The @CAPS1 that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock all their ships there was that they @CAPS2 couldn't get through the top of the building, they had to place it piece by piece, or the building would get tense enough extent of collapse.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mast. For example, when builders decided to build a mast, they knew it couldn't just be on the roof. It had to be anchored to the building's foundation in some way, because the ship "puts stress on the frame of the building." Additionally, after the Hindenburg disaster, the builders realized that the hydrogen inside the spacecraft was "very flammable." If the ship exploded over New York City, it would kill not only the people on the ship, but also the people on the ground. In the end, the biggest obstacle to mooring masts "is nature itself". The wind at the top of the building is very strong and will spin around the mast. The many obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building never allowed any spacecraft to land there.
There are many obstacles to face when building a great mission. For the builders of the Empire State Building, it was about docking a spaceship or blimp. One is safety. The builder must ensure that it is safe to dock on and under the airship and that it is safe to fly. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. People are not safe on airships that could explode at any time ." Another hurdle that builders have to face is building mooring masts for docking. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." The airship won't be properly anchored to the mast, and it would move too much. This is not safe or practical for anyone. These are some of the conundrums that many builders have to face, but those of the Empire State Building overcome them well.
The builders of the Empire State Building planned to install a mooring mast on top of the building, but they ignored the potential problems with the design there. A very big problem they face is security. After the German airship Hindenburg caught fire in New Jersey, they realized it could cause bigger problems if it exploded in New York. Naturally, it also brings problems. Air currents can violently shake ships on top of buildings. In the end, they can't try to do it because it's illegal. Due to current laws, ships are not allowed to fly too low over urban areas. These all make it more difficult to install a mast on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced architectural, safety and natural hurdles that would not allow the spacecraft to dock there. These airships or airships are large balloons capable of carrying passengers but require a large landing area. In order to use the spacecraft as a vehicle, the architect needed to design a suitable mooring mast. However, the weight and pressure of the airship on the mast can put a lot of stress on the frame of the building. Builders of the Empire State Building face "more than $60,000 worth of renovations" to the building's frame. Not only is trying to get the airship docked there to be laborious and costly, but builders are also challenged with safety concerns. Airships using hydrogen are "highly flammable," as the German airship Hindenburg experienced. If anything involving a spaceship were to happen over the Empire State Building in New York, it would affect the large population of the area by killing so many lives. Flying too low over the city is another challenge to safety, and the law would make the use of airships illegal and unsuccessful. In the end, naturally, there are hurdles that builders face when docking their ships. At mast time, "strong winds" can cause the stern to spin, which can cause it to hit a sharp spire and get pierced. It is also not safe for a plumb bob to hang over pedestrians. These obstacles make it difficult to create equipment that allows ships to dock on buildings.
According to an excerpt, @ORGANIZATION1's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges in the process of building the world's tallest building. They added hundreds of feet to allow the ship to dock there. While competing with the Chrysler Building, Al Smith announced that the Empire State Building would be 1,250 feet taller than the Chrysler Building by @NUM1 feet. Al Smith is desperate to build the world's tallest building, even creating a landing spot for the airship. @ORGANIZATION2's idea didn't go as planned. Instead, @CAPS1, allocated to the spaceship passengers, was made into the world's tallest soda fountain and tea garden.
An excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast" is a story that takes readers through obstacles and tries the challenges builders faced when trying to get a spaceship docked on top of the Empire State Building. Four-term governor of New York, Al Smith, plans to build the Empire State Building after taking office. Smith was competitive, realizing that the building was close to claiming the title of world's tallest building. So in 1929, he announced that the building would be 1,250 feet, and he would do that by adding a distinctive top or hat to the building. The idea is to add a mooring mass and viewing deck on top to allow it to dock an airship or blimp. The architects later realized that a thousand-foot-long ship tethered to the top of the building with a cable tether would add stress to the building's frame. The pressure of the ship's load and the pressure of the wind will be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. The builder's plan to work so hard on the frame and the viewing platform failed. Docked ships are impractical and unsafe. By the late 1930s, the idea was abandoned, but the Empire State Building remained open to one of its observation decks, a very popular New York attraction.
In the days of the Empire State Building, it was known for its height, it was @CAPS1 Al Smith who faced more than one hurdle in completing the mooring mast. The mooring masts have not been properly considered nor properly designed from the start of construction. Al Smith realized this even before he finished the construction process. Once he finally completed the mooring mast, he faced obstacles. Airships had problems docking, and due to wind and elements, it was difficult to stay still once docked. Another hurdle is fuel. Because of the recent Hindenburg crash, the spacecraft needs to be fueled with helium rather than the more flammable hydrogen. Finally, laws that do not allow airships to fly at low altitudes in urban areas have caused mooring masts to fail. Eventually, the aircraft took the place of the airship and the mooring masts were decommissioned. Due to these obstacles, Al Smith ditched the mooring mast but still helped break the record for the tallest building.
One obstacle that builders have to face is the amount of wind blowing from high altitudes. The airships were so big that the wind had a lot of drag on them, making them sway from behind. Another hurdle is that airships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen, a flammable gas that could easily turn into a disaster. Especially everyone who is so close to it on the ground.
In the process of constructing the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, the builders encountered a few obstacles. One obstacle they faced was that they couldn't just "drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building." @CAPS1, they have to do some work on the building so it can support it. As @CAPS2 said, "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to fit the new situation". Another hurdle for builders is that in the event of an accident, like the Hindenburg, it would be more dangerous because there would be more people nearby and could be injured by the fire. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself," says @CAPS2. The wind flow above the building has changed due to "violent air currents". In addition, the rear of the airship needs to have weights installed, but at the Empire State Building, these weights would hang over pedestrians ... neither practical nor safe". Another obstacle is that the airship cannot get close enough to the mast, due to the wind, Like L.A. because of all these obstacles, the mooring mast has not been used since.
Construction workers at the Empire State Building have attempted to build a spaceship dock on top of the world's tallest building, but many problems have arisen along the way. In order to have a spaceship dock on top of a building, the building must support its weight. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this. Over $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's frame." (@CAPS2 @NUM1)" The 102-story building is expected to be a success and Expected to be a new era of air travel. Another hurdle for workers is realizing that ships beyond @CAPS1 are very flammable because they contain hydrogen. It would be catastrophic if someone caught fire on top of a NYC building "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. "(@CAPS2 @NUM2). There are very strong and violent winds on the top of the building and the blimp could be a danger if it gets out of control An blimp hovering over hundreds of pedestrians in NYC is absolutely dangerous. There's also a law that prohibits planes Fly into populated low altitude areas. Having a mooring dock is a good idea, but it is never really practical or safe, and if it does work, many bad things can happen.
Builders had to face many hurdles when trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building, but there were a few major ones. The first major obstacle was a thousand-foot-long craft moored at the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame. So they can't put the mooring mast on top of the building until they make some major adjustments. With this big question in hand, the builders' next hurdle is to design and build a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that will be lit from within, with a setback design that mimics the overall shape of the building itself. The last little hurdle the builders had to face was that the mast also had a steel skeleton and wrapped in stainless steel the glazing that had to be built and installed. These are some of the hurdles builders have to face when trying to install a mooring mast to the Empire State Building.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to dock the ships were the docking itself, the nature and the overall structure of those ships. All existing laws prohibit these aircraft. Docked a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building will add a lot of stress to the building. Builders will have to spend $60,000 to remodel the entire building. The biggest safety concern is that these balloons are built outside the United States. They used highly flammable hydrogen, and on May 6, 1937, a German spacecraft caught fire. This is known as the Hindenburg accident. Builders knew this could pose a risk to densely populated areas of New York. But the biggest obstacle is nature itself. When the ship is docked, the violent airflow causes the rear of the airship to rotate around the mooring mast. The law against airships is that they are not allowed to fly at low altitudes near urban areas.
When building the Empire State Building, @CAPS1 wanted to keep it the tallest in NYC. They modified buildings that the Chrysler Building could not inherit. Its original property was not a mooring mast. The Empire State Building had to be redesigned, then the government banned planes from being too low, and then commercial airliners took over aviation. It was too dangerous to dock the airships, as strong currents would blow them up and cause an accident similar to the Hindenburg.
In this excerpt by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, builders faced many obstacles in the process of building the spaceship dock atop the Empire State Building. One obstacle is the height of the building. More frames, more materials, more safety hazards, all because of the height of the building. Another hurdle is @ORGANIZATION3 security. Having already built safer buildings, workers realized that "a densely populated area like downtown New York" is not the best place to be in the event of an accident, and the "biggest obstacle to successful use" of mooring masts is "Nature itself". Nature plays a big role in obstacles because it's always unpredictable. The wind also rips off the back end of the craft, so it's neither safe nor strong for the passengers. These are the builders building Some of the obstacles that the famous mooring mast has to face.
When building the Empire State Building, people had to go through some hurdles to have it the way they wanted. They want Dirigibles to land/land on the Empire State Building. One of the barriers is the use and lack of suitable landing zones in New York City. Another obstacle is a good one. The use of Dirigibles for mooring masts has been successful.
According to the article "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced challenges when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, such as a lack of landing zones, practicality, and ensuring safety. The lack of a landing zone is the challenge. "One barrier to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones." Without some fish and landing space, no spaceship could land on the Empire State Building, which was a challenge for the building's builders. Another challenge is to make the dock practical, "a group of engineers in New York are trying to come up with a practical, workable arrangement...". This shows that the actual arrangement of the conversation has not yet been completed, so this is another challenge for the builders. Finally, the builders of the Empire State Building faced safety concerns, "....are trying to figure out a way to moor the airship to this mast" - a sign that the safety of docking the airship has not been determined, it is still a common Regional challenges faced, the Empire State Building's builders faced challenges such as lack of landing zones, practicality and ensuring safety.
While allowing the spaceship to dock on top of the Empire State Building sounds like a good idea, it isn't. There are many obstacles preventing it from happening. "@DATE 1 ft. ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame" (paragraph @NUM1). Also one of the biggest hurdles because of the ever-changing squally winds due to the violent airflow. Also, the spacecraft would hang over pedestrians on the street, which is unsafe. The biggest hurdle is that it is illegal for an airship to fly at low altitudes in urban areas, which also makes it illegal for an airship to strap itself to a building or even get close to it. It sounds like a great idea and a great way to attract more tourists, but there are too many hurdles to make it happen.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced three main obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. The first hurdle is concerns about public safety. Spaceships outside the United States use hydrogen, a highly flammable element. Accidents in a densely populated area like New York can be catastrophic. The second obstacle was the gusty wind on top of the building. Using lead weights to tether airships is impractical because they would hang above pedestrians on the street. An accident can send those heavy weights flying off and wreaking havoc. A third hurdle is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. This law makes the idea of allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building illegal and unquestionable
According to the excerpt, the builders faced a number of hurdles in allowing the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. As paragraph @NUM1 says, "The biggest reason is safety." The biggest problem is that the airship uses hydrogen, which is highly flammable. Accidents will be tragic due to the dense population of @CAPS1 downtown. Nature also presents a big obstacle, "the changing winds on top of buildings due to strong air currents." @CAPS2 Current law prohibits flying airships to low altitudes in urban areas.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle preventing spacecraft from docking at the Empire State Building is the use of hydrogen instead of helium in spacecraft outside the United States. This is a problem because hydrogen is very flammable. When a German spaceship was destroyed in New Jersey, the architects of the Empire State Building realized how dangerous it was. Another hurdle for builders is the weather. Weather affected the use of mooring masts because "the wind on top of the building was constantly changing due to strong drafts." One practical reason why mooring masts could not dock airships at the Empire State Building was because of laws prohibiting airships. Airships cannot fly too low over urban areas by law, making it illegal to park boats on buildings. These are just a few of the many obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building against the use of mooring masts.
In theory, the idea of building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building is a good idea. In practice, however, the results were not so good. There are many reasons why a spaceship cannot be docked at the Empire State Building. For example: "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium" (@NUM1 paragraph) This is dangerous because hydrogen is extremely flammable and could be catastrophic in a densely populated city if an accident happens for some reason like New York. Possibly the most dangerous obstacle is the climate around the Empire State Building. Having constant strong winds can make a big difference because of all the different airflow a building produces. If a ship is docked there, it will blow all over the place, if it can even dock. Most airships moored in the open are held down with plumb bobs in the back, but this is too dangerous to try over an overcrowded city. Finally, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas...which would make it illegal for ships to park on buildings or even close to the area." (@NUM2 paragraph).
The Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose. In a short excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts", the many obstacles to why a mast is not a good idea are made clear. Construction of the mast was rushed. Realising that he was close to losing the world's tallest building, Alsmith quickly thought of the mast problems. The first problem that quickly emerged was the lack of a suitable landing zone. Al Smith said passengers could swing safely in the breeze. This problem was ignored, and soon other problems arose as construction of the mast continued. The biggest issue that should be considered before building a mast is nature itself. Winds were dire at the height of the building, and the architects quickly realized that landing would be a major problem. The mast is still in question and architects and engineers are doing everything they can to make it work until something happens to them, it's a law. It is illegal for an airship to fly too low over an urban area. The law at the time that alized marked the end of Al Smith's idea, and by the late 1930s the idea of using mooring masts for airships and their passengers had quietly faded away.
The Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock there. An airship is an airship. The Empire State Building's first obstacle is only size. Competition between the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building is fierce. Some comments were that "The Empire State Building's mooring masts were doomed to never fulfill their mission for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built. The obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was also the lack of a suitable landing zone. They added a mooring mast. The mooring mast. The construction of the Empire State Building went through many trials and tribulations.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles that prevented the spacecraft from docking there. One obstacle was the Empire State Building's original design. It needed to be completely changed to accommodate the landing airship: "The airship's loads and the stresses of wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which was nearly 1,110 feet. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation” (@NUM1). The refurbishment of the redesigned chrome-nickel stainless steel tower cost more than $60,000. Another hurdle for builders is the level of safety. If an airship accident happened in New York City, it could cost thousands of lives: “When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the situation was much worse. Bad if it happened in a densely populated area like downtown NYC, that's probably where the accident happened" (@NUM2). The biggest hurdle so far is the elements. In inclement weather, the airship can easily sway: "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong drafts. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will circle around the mooring Rotate the mast" (@NUM3). Due to the dense population of New York City, this is very unsafe. If the ship spins too much around the mooring mast, it could hit another building or crash. The people who built the Empire State Building faced many difficulties, so the mooring masts were never used.
Architects and engineers faced many problems when building the Empire State Building. The first problem was rebuilding the building frame. This had to be done in order for the building to be able to withstand a lot of wind and pressure from the ship. The next problem the workers encountered was romance. The wind at the top of the building is so strong that if a ship is docked on the mooring mast, it will rotate around it according to the wind current. The final issue facing architects is the law governing the height of airships. There is already a law that says airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. These hurdles are just some of the many hurdles faced by the Empire State Building construction team.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. The builders had no idea what would happen to the spacecraft if something went wrong. And also about how high they built the Empire State Building. The first hurdle the builders faced when building the Empire State Building was what to do if something happened to the spaceship. For example, what if the spacecraft was highly flammable like the Hindenburg. The second hurdle for builders is the height they build, because of how high it is, the wind is very strong. In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. They try to outdo them, but there are a lot of them.
The obstacles the Empire State Building's builders encountered when trying to dock the spaceship had some consequences. One of the barriers to expanding usage in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. In addition, architects could not simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, because the thousand-foot-long airship moored at the top of the building was held in place by a cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The final hurdle preventing blimps from mooring at the Empire State Building is existing laws that prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. USS Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds
The architects and builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some of their problems include the structure of the building, wind and weather conditions and the safety of passengers. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new conditions. The building now consists of 102 floors and contains a stainless steel skeleton. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The back of the boat would rotate, requiring lead weights to hold it in place. This is clearly considered unsafe. In the end, the safety of the passengers was at risk because a complete ship mooring was never installed. Additionally, current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. That's why the ship was never parked on the Empire State Building due to obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems with the idea of docking an airship on top of the Empire State Building. A major hurdle is aircraft-based laws. A LAW @CAPS1 The plane was flying too low over urban areas. Another issue facing builders is the safety risk of docking the airship. The airship was filled with hydrogen, an extremely flammable gas, and after the explosion of the German airship Hindenburg, the builders realized the risk of an accident. Nature @CAPS2 is the biggest obstacle, the height of the Empire State Building will cause high speed winds that will blow the end of any airship to the mooring like a ragdoll. The builders then realized all the risks of docking the ship and abandoned the idea.
The Empire State Building was designed to be the tallest building in the world. As he said in his comments in the third paragraph, Governor Al Smith wanted the building to be more than decorative. Al Smith wants the Empire State Building to adapt to the age of transportation. He wanted to create the latest attraction for the spaceship. This is to keep the ship docked there. However, allowing this, little did they know the hurdles the builders would face. With the idea of an airship, Al Smith saw a great opportunity. When he was asked about the idea for the mooring mast, AL Smith said: "It's on the level, okay. No kidding. Working on this thing now. " described in paragraph 13.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the author describes the many challenges architects faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Architects face new challenges that sometimes seem almost unavoidable. The height of the building, the weight of the ship to the building, and the fact that the ship is highly flammable add to the many hurdles facing architects. The height of a building is a major concern for architects. It is very difficult for a pilot to maneuver safely around buildings, especially in a city with many buildings. Unpredictable winds meant that airships could be blown into buildings at any time. There's even a law against it that "would prohibit boats from docking at buildings or even approaching the area" (paragraph @NUM1). Another problem the architects encountered was the high flammability of the spacecraft. Most spacecraft made in other countries are made of hydrogen rather than helium. After another spacecraft caught fire, it was realized that "the situation could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York" (paragraph @NUM2). The biggest problem is the weight of the ship on the huge height of the building. The architects saw that "the stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building" (paragraph @NUM3). They knew it was very unsafe for the unloaded passengers and people in the building. Overall, the problems and challenges facing architects are too powerful for them to overcome.
The engineers and builders of the Empire State Building must have faced some huge and overwhelming complications when trying to build it to allow an airship or blimp to dock. First, from their original plan, they had to modify the building because they discovered that the actual height of the other building was higher. So they have to come up with some quick solution to this problem. Second, after the Hindenburg crash, @LOCATION1 realized how dangerous it was for zeppelins to fly over urban areas, so they made a law to ban it, so the whole idea was basically thrown away. To make matters worse, the violent draughts and updrafts won't keep passengers terribly safe while docked at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "The Mooring @CAPS1" explains some of the problems architect Al Smith faced when he built the world's tallest building in the 1920s. For example, “one of the toughest issues is safety.” Safety is a major hurdle because most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If a spacecraft exploded over this densely populated area, many people would be killed or seriously injured. Another hurdle this attempt faces is "nature itself." Nature is one of many major issues that allow ships to dock. For example, "the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The wind can move the boat and make it difficult to land on the mooring mast. Another practical problem for builders is "laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". The whole idea was eventually abandoned in the late 1930s. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in creating the "mooring mast."
@CAPS1 had a lot of problems building the mooring mast. Safety is their main problem/concern. Since most airships other than @LOCATION1 are hydrogen not helium, they are very flammable. After the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the folks at @CAPS1 feared what would happen to the Empire State Building. Another problem they encountered was the law. The law at the time said you couldn't fly an airship that low over an urban area. During testing, some airships could not get close enough due to high winds. This makes it impossible to tie up the blimp and get people off. It also raises concerns that the wind will blow the blimp onto sharp parts of other buildings, which can leave a hole in the blimp. This is a good idea, but there are a lot of them. Obstacles must be bypassed for the airship dock and mooring mast to be successful.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is the violent airflow on top of the building. Even if the ship managed to dock on top of the building, its rear end would be bumped in the wind. If this happens and the airship becomes uncontrollable, it could hit another building and fall into the downtown New @CAPS1 walk. Putting weights at the end of the airship would help in this situation, but as @CAPS2 said, "An airship moored in an open landing pad can be held down with lead weights at the back, but using those weights at the Empire State Building, They would be dangling there above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe." Another problem for builders is that the craft is highly flammable. They learned their lesson and realized that after the destruction of the German airship Hindenburg, their ideas might not be so good.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building had to deal with many obstacles while trying to get the ship to dock there. The author tells readers that the airship is actually a giant steel-framed balloon. Envelopes made of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter than air. When the builders tried to hang a mooring mast from the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The excerpt tells our readers that "A thousand-foot-long ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, adds stress to the building's frame. Stress from ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way downstairs. Nearly 1,110 feet of foundation. Although the airship is as light as air, it can break the frame of the building. Another hurdle the builders have to face is the German airship Hindenburg May 6, 1937 in New Jersey The @LOCATION1 was destroyed by fire. The owner of the Empire State Building realized how bad an accident would be if it happened in a densely populated city center like New York. "Most of the spaceships from outside the U.S. Most people use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". Even though the Empire State Building didn't put a moor on top of the building, it still became the tallest building in the world.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to get the Dirigibles docked at the Empire State Building. One of the obstacles is nature. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building is always changing due to the violent air currents. The rear of the ship rotates even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast. Another hurdle for builders is the law that doesn't allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. The law would make it "unlawful for a vessel to be tied to a building or even approach it.
From @ORGANIZATION2's excerpt from "Mooring Masts", we find that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles. Their first hurdle was figuring out how to transfer "stress from the ship's load and wind pressure" to the building's foundation. The other is to modify and reinforce the steel frame of the building to accommodate the addition of mooring masts. So the builder did modify the building and assign the mooring masts, but when the construction was complete, the builder ran into another hurdle. "Most craft outside of the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable, and it's a hazard if any of that will catch fire over New York. The biggest obstacle to wind. They're constantly changing, making any craft a hazard. It's hard to get close to the mast, even if you can reach the mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mast, in the open field, the ship will be weighed down by lead. At the Empire State Building, they will hang above pedestrians, which is neither practical Also not safe. The mooring mast can never be used due to various obstacles
The main obstacle for the builders of the Empire State Building trying to get the spacecraft to dock there stemmed from the poor location. The craft will be docked 1,250 feet above one of the world's busiest cities. This will create three problems for the docking of the airship. The first problem is that hydrogen is used in spacecraft and it is very flammable. If the spaceship exploded over downtown New York, many people would be killed. This means that not many people will want the spacecraft to be docked there. If the Empire State Building hadn't been above such a densely populated area, they probably wouldn't have had this problem. The next difficulty is that, at that height in New York City, there are violent winds that are constantly changing. This makes it difficult for the conductor to dock the ship, and can also cause the ship to hit things and pop out. As a result, the spaceship again crashed into downtown New York and killed many people. This is another reason for the bad location. It needs to be in a place with more stable wind flow. A final hurdle is the current law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. That means builders should be aware of laws prohibiting their plans, even if another factor goes away. As the author states, the Empire State Building is doomed to never achieve its purpose.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered multiple obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. If they are successful, they will be the main air facility for transatlantic routes and new ones to come. In order for the ship to dock on top of a building, a mooring mast needs to be built and placed on top of the building. Simply adding a mast to a building is no easy task. The frame of the Empire State Building needed to be modified to be able to withstand the pressure of the ship mounted on the mooring mast. More than $60,000 worth of renovations were made to adjust the building's frame. After adjusting the frame, the architects designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel that is illuminated from within. The tower acts as the mast of the building. Before the mooring masts can be constructed, the roof of the building must be completed. Once the roof was built, the mooring masts added their own steel skeleton. After the entire project was completed, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that docking the spacecraft was too dangerous. After all the rigorous work on the mooring mast, it became clear that it would never be used for its original purpose.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, one of the hurdles they face is that "most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable". This is important because foreign ships docking at the Empire State Building can be dangerous, especially in a densely populated area like downtown New York. Another obstacle they face is nature. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This suggests that the airships would spin around and that they could be held down with lead weights, which are used at the Empire State Building, high above pedestrians in the street , is impractical and unsafe. Next, there is "an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". This is important because it is another obstacle that will eventually make it illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even approach the area. Additionally, "In December 1930, the USS Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds." This suggests that another obstacle they may face is a loss of confidence and direct observation that their plan would not work. The various hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced as they tried to get the spaceship docked there showed that it would be a daunting task.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One of the main obstacles is the lack of good landing zones. Airships are pretty big and don't have a good spot. "Some are a thousand feet long, as long as a lump of flour in New York City" - Paragraph 6. So it creates problems for builders not being able to figure out where to put it.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many factors in the way the ship is docked on the mooring masts. When the German ship, the Hindenburg, caught fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad an accident could have gotten if it had happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York. ” (paragraph @NUM1). Another hurdle is the current law that prohibits the use of low-flying airships in urban areas. The law states that “it is illegal for ships to dock buildings or even approach the area” (paragraph @NUM2). However, the biggest The obstacle is nature. "Wind at high altitude" is constantly changing due to strong air currents. "This would result in a stern spin, unsafe for passengers and pedestrians on the street below. All of these factors prevented the project from being completed in New York.
In competition with the architects who built the Chrysler Building, Al Smith wanted to build a taller building with a purpose. Its purpose is to dock the airship on the mooring mast. It seemed like a good idea to take a very popular and novel form of transportation and allow it to operate in New York City. Then there was their problem, at first the architects knew that "a thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". So, over time, they thought they had solved the problem, but when it was done, the architects knew that "the Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fulfill its purpose..." Most problems were Not from buildings, but the practicality of having airshipable land in crowded big cities, such as the highly flammable hydrogen that fills most airships or the proximity of other buildings to the airships could cause them to burn. Overall, the idea is good in theory, but can never be implemented. Only two ships have docked them and they have never been used since
Despite the builders' efforts to make their dreams a reality, there are still some obstacles preventing this. The main hurdles facing builders are weather, legal and safety issues. The weather on top of the building was very windy and strong winds could cause significant problems for airship landings. "Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." Another problem they face is that there is a legal effect that prevents the plane from flying too low over urban areas. Since New York is an urban area, airships are not even allowed to fly anywhere near the Empire State Building. Another major hurdle is security concerns. Highly flammable hydrogen is used in many foreign spacecraft. If someone exploded over New York, it could have been a disaster, and there has been an accident, "On May 6, 1937, the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ..." These Obstacles are not just those that builders can ignore, they end up preventing the intended use entirely.
The obstacles faced by the Empire State Building builders are. One is that current laws prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. Declared in @CAPS1 @NUM1. Another obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Since the ships are moored to the top of the building and secured by cable tethers that put pressure on the building, they had to make the structure of the building stronger
The obstacle builders faced when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building was that they couldn't simply place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. Because it would put a lot of stress on the frame of the Empire State Building, which could cause it to collapse over time. So, as the excerpt states, the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be "modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." After the builders completed the framing of the Empire State Building to the eighty-fifth floor, it was time to frame the roof to create an area to place the mooring masts. After the workers finished framing the roof, they built the mooring masts on it, and now the builders were challenged to build the quality of the mooring. The builders constructed the mooring masts with a steel frame. Builders faced these challenges trying to get derilibles docked on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle they had to overcome was that if the thousand-foot-long airship was moored on top of the building, it would add stress to the building's frame. This meant that the steel frame of the building had to be strengthened and modified to deal with the increased stress. Modifications cost more than $60,000. The next challenge was discovered after the construction was completed. That's the fact that it's not safe to park a spaceship at the Empire State Building. The first reason it's unsafe is that most airships (not from the US) convert hydrogen into helium, which is highly flammable. That means an accident like the Hindenburg could happen over the densely populated New York City area. Another problem that arose after construction was that the wind at the top of the building was too strong for the ship, which would spin around the mooring mast. All of these challenges, along with current laws that don't allow airships to fly too low over urban areas, are hurdles for the builders of the Empire State Building, and why there's only one spaceship parked there.
When radical ideas are put into action, challenges can arise. When faced with the task of docking an airship or zeppelin atop the Empire State Building, builders encountered challenges that naturally came with new ideas. One of the challenges was that winds from high above the Empire State Building put the airship and people on the ground at risk. "Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast". (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Another hurdle for builders is the difficulty of U.S. government laws. "Another practical reason why blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas." (@NUM2) These are some of the difficulties builders faced when building masts for the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles and tried to get the spaceship docked there. One obstacle is that airships are dangerous when not handled properly. If so, a lot of people could die because it's in a densely populated area. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author states, "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." @CAPS1 is also an issue with allowing craft to dock there; the winds at that altitude are very strong , will be a problem. In the @NUM2 paragraph, the author talks about the wind, "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." Another obstacle is the law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas . Paragraph @NUM3 states, "This law will prohibit ships from docking in buildings and even production areas..." @CAPS2, all these obstacles ultimately prevent ships from docking at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the mooring mast carefully planned the construction without considering the potential risks of the mast. One reason the mast's fate was sealed was safety concerns. Most airships or airships use hydrogen instead of helium. If one of the airships fell from the sky, many people would die below. New York has a lot of people walking around. Builders also need to account for high winds at such high altitudes. These winds can blow the spacecraft, making it difficult for them to stay in one place for passengers to board and refuel. The wind is constantly changing. They could blow airships over the spires of the Empire State Building, causing them to burst and fall to the ground below. Unfortunately, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This would make it illegal for ships to dock on buildings or even approach the area." I think Al Smith is more focused on keeping his height record than the potential danger of the mast.
In "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Empire State Building is familiar to many people around the world, but not many people know that the mast's original purpose was to serve as a landing point for airships (also called blimps). For the construction of the Empire State Building The obstacles encountered by the pilots trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, they eventually shelved the idea. The builders of one of the barriers realized that if a foreign airship had an accident with any heat or sparks while docked, they would explode and fall to the ground, killing many men, women and children due to the presence of chemicals. For foreign airships. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." @CAPS1, another hurdle they face, high winds will knock the craft off. "The wind at the top of the building was constantly changing due to the strong air currents." All in all, the Empire State Building's builders had trouble trying to dock the spaceship and eventually shelved the idea.
In the story, construction workers face a problem. The idea of building a spaceship dock on top of the Empire State Building is coming to an end. When considering this idea, architecture should never take into account the law, as airplanes cannot fly at low altitudes in urban areas. In addition, the high winds blowing from the buildings made the aircraft difficult to control. Another is the danger they can pose to civilians. If @CAPS1 wasn't right, the plane could come loose and crash into an urban area, or like a German spaceship catching fire and blowing up. Although they had a working prototype, they discontinued the project to give the plane a better way to travel in the air.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced more than one hurdle when trying to get the airship docked there. The biggest obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Another practical reason why blimps can't be moored on the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the airship (airship) to dock there. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. Tethering the airship to the mooring mast has become extremely difficult due to drastic changes in wind and climate. Another major reason blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. A ship will never be tied to the wilderness because it would break the law. Safety is also a big reason why airships cannot be tethered to the wilderness. Ships outside @LOCATION2 use hydrogen gas instead of helium to fill the ship. Hydrogen is very flammable, so there are fears that if it catches fire over a busy city like New York, everything will come loose. These are a few examples of the struggles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article The Mooring Mast, the architects of the Empire State Building faced multiple challenges when trying to get the spaceship docked there. There's an obvious concern first, safety, and the craft dangling over New York City doesn't seem too safe. And it @CAPS1 doesn't make sense to build, the Empire State Building is tall enough, why build a mast that probably won't be of much use anyway.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The builders wanted to add a mooring mast to the top of the building and keep the ship there for a few hours for refueling or service, but they couldn't do that because "a thousand-foot-long ship is moored on top of the building, and it is anchored by a A cable tether would add stress to the building's frame." Because the top was too thin, Al Smith didn't let the ship land on the building.
In a desperate attempt to revolutionize the way people travel, the idea of mooring has not been given due consideration. With the idea of mooring the airship to the new mast atop the Empire State Building, the number of problems and obstacles has grown. One of the main hurdles is that when the airship is tethered to the building, it builds up pressure and "the pressure of the airship load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building". Another obstacle facing mooring masts is safety. The craft not from the U.S. use hydrogen instead of the highly flammable helium. Another obstacle to construction was nature itself, due to the violent air currents, the wind was strong and the wind speed varied, the airship tied to the mast would spin around the Empire State Building, the only way to prevent this from happening was to tie the lead weight to the The rear end, but a huge overhanging weight over a thousand feet above the public is not the safest idea. The final hurdle is existing laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas. These are all obstacles that should be considered and realized before construction of the Empire State Building mooring mast begins.
In "The Mooring Mast" by @PERSON1 there are many reasons why a proper, working mast is impossible. There are natural and mechanical reasons. As well as time and safety. Nature played a key role in this project. Due to the location of the building, the wind "constantly changes" around the building. When the airship tried to get close to test it, one was too unstable to dock, the other passed the paper along the ropes "After this stunt, the idea of mooring the mast was put on hold." @CAPS1 replaced the airship over time and Flammable and dangerous airships. Also, flying at that altitude is illegal.
When the builders were almost ready to place the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, the big problem became apparent to them, leading to the complexity of docking the airship. One factor is that, by law, blimps cannot be that low above a city, as they could accidentally hit a building and fall into the crowd below. Another factor is the airflow around tall buildings, especially the 1,250-foot-tall Empire State Building. Even if the ship was tied to the mooring mast, the wind would shake it violently and could hit buildings and fall to the street below. The most recent factor was the hydrogen contained in the Hindenburg spacecraft that caught fire on May 6, 1937, as it flew over New Jersey. No one wants to risk that happening over New York City. So, because of flammable hydrogen, violent airflow, and legal regulations, builders had trouble building the mooring masts to allow the spacecraft to land.
Some obstacles are many sharp poles on surrounding buildings, so if it hits one it will burst. Another is that if the wind is blowing then it is difficult/unsafe to tie the airship to the building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many obstacles. One obstacle was building a frame strong enough for the building that a single tether could hold a thousand-foot dinghy. Another hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was safety, when most ships from outside the United States used hydrogen gas instead of helium, which made it very dangerous because hydrogen gas is very flammable. This forced the builders to find a way to create a landing pad where the airship wouldn't touch any of the spires above the Empire State Building. These are @NUM1 of the many hurdles faced by builders of empire states.
@ORGANIZATION2's article, "Mooring Masts," explains many of the problems with mooring an airship using the peak of the Empire State Building. First, airships for international travel are filled with hydrogen, a very flammable gas. Another Hindenburg-style disaster ending New York City would be very dangerous. Additionally, wind speeds at the top of the spire change rapidly and unpredictably, making the approach dangerous. Airships can usually be landed in windy areas, as plumb bobs can be secured with ropes to hold the airship down. There is no way to depress an airship to stabilize it without landing on the ground, such as just attached to a spire. Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying so low over urban areas that "docking in the Empire State is illegal. Many practical reasons shatter the dream of having a ship docked in the Empire State."
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get their ships docked there, and the architects couldn't simply put a mooring device on the building's flat roof. Love @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 @NUM1. Additionally, "instead of building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be eliminated from the interior. A step back to mimic the overall shape of the building itself." It @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 @NUM2.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "@CAPS1 Mast", there are many obstacles for the builders of @ORGANIZATION1. Allow the ship to dock. One of the main hurdles for builder @ORGANIZATION1 is the framework. They had to design it so that the building could withstand the pressure of the ship. "The load of the spacecraft and the stress of wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building". To make it work they will use different steels. Another hurdle for builder @ORGANIZATION1 is security. Wind and hydrogen are the main focus. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen, which is highly flammable, and the wind on top of buildings is. It's constantly moving due to strong airflow." They'll also be careful about pedestrians, "they'll be above pedestrians on the street. swaying to and fro". These are just two examples of the builders of the Empire State Building @ORGANIZATION1.
The idea of docking the spaceship on the Empire State Building created some problems. This idea is almost impractical, mostly for security reasons. If a ship was docked there against a cable, the building would be under extreme stress. Also, if an international spacecraft were to dock with flammable hydrogen and catch fire, the consequences would be catastrophic. The task of actually docking will also be an issue. With such a high altitude, the wind is very strong. Nothing stops the ship from swinging around the building. In other cases, the airship will be weighted with lead. However, if they go down, they will land on New York's busy city streets. Finally, there is a law that bans low-flying aircraft, completely negating the idea of docking an airship on the Empire State Building.
Workers encountered many obstacles as they tried to build a dock for the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building. One reason is because "architects cannot simply place a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) because it can only be secured by "one cable tether" (@CAPS1.@NUM1) This can add stress to the building. The only way to fix it is to spend "modifications worth over sixty thousand dollars" to strengthen it. Another obstacle is "nature itself" (@CAPS1.@NUM3). This is because the wind will be "constantly changing due to violent airflow" (@CAPS1.@NUM3). One way to get around it is to put lead weights on the back, but this is neither "practical nor safe". (@CAPS1.@NUM3) The last reason is because "laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" would "make it illegal to attach ships to buildings".
In order to get an airship (also known as a zeppelin or airship) to dock on the Empire State Building, builders encountered many obstacles along the way. Al Smith stated that "...engineers in New York [are] trying to come up with a workable arrangement" (paragraph @NUM1). First, they don't drop mooring masts on the flat roofs of buildings. This would add too much stress to the framework, which would have to be modified to accommodate this new situation" (@NUM2 paragraph). Another hurdle is that most airships other than @LOCATION2 use hydrogen, which is very flammable. When" Hindenburg" was devastated by fire, "owners ... realized that if it happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York, it could be worse" (paragraph @NUM3). The most important obstacle is "nature" itself" (paragraph @NUM4). "The wind on top of the building is changing" (paragraph @NUM4) due to strong air currents, airships may be weighed down by lead in open areas, but this poses a threat to pedestrians on the street as weights will hang over them above. Finally, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM6). The law makes it illegal to park at the Empire State Building. The Empire State Building faces any obstacle, trying to get the spaceship docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced four main problems when trying to get their ships docked there. One of the issues was resolved, the other three were not. The first hurdle is that since each airship will be connected to the top of the building by a single cable, it will put a lot of stress on the frame of the building. This was solved by simply reinforcing the frame of the Empire State Building, but the modifications cost over $60,000. The second obstacle is not so easy to solve. Ships from other countries use hydrogen to keep them afloat. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and the example of the Hindenburg explosion reminded owners and builders of the Empire State Building how dangerous such an accident could be, especially in densely populated New York City. The third hurdle also proved impossible to solve - due to high winds on top of the building, the spacecraft could not reach @CAPS1 safely. In the only test, the Los Angeles Navy ship couldn't get close enough to @CAPS1 due to high winds. The airship could easily lose control and hit the spires of nearby buildings. Finally, there is already a law that prohibits ships from flying too close to urban areas, which would make it illegal for @CAPS1 or piloting ships in NYC.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. First, at that height, the wind is fast for the builder. This shows that they don't want any airships to fall on any stores below. Second, they didn't finish the building because the building couldn't handle all the weight they wanted to put on it. Third, hydrogen is highly flammable and easily catches fire. In short, there are a number of issues that make the Empire State Building a bad idea to dock a spaceship.
In @DATE1 and the 1930s there was a fierce competition to build the biggest buildings. To differentiate the Empire State Building from @ORGANIZATION1, it was decided to put a mooring mask on the ship. This is both meaningful and makes the Empire State Building the largest building in the world. Mooring masks are sure to fail for several reasons. For one thing, foreign spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and can cause big fires @CAPS1. Another reason is the constantly changing strong winds and currents above the Empire State Building. This will make it very difficult to control the airship. Pilots without control of the ship will have a hard time @CAPS2 their ship. In the end, the mooring pier failed because of the law. The law makes it illegal to fly air vessels to low altitudes in urban areas. 1931 @CAPS5 of the @CAPS3 Clavan @CAPS4 mooring mask. By the late 1930s, Idea was dead.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the lack of suitable landing zones. They usually land in open fields where they are weighed down with lead. In New York, they would dangle over pedestrians on the street. Another obstacle is security. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. They feared that an accident like the Hindenburg could happen, only this time it would happen over a densely populated area. Another hurdle is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying so low in urban areas that it is illegal to tie the boat to a building. The final obstacle is strong winds. They could blow the ship onto the spires of other buildings and pierce the hull, and the captain couldn't take his hands off the control stick. All in all, a mooring mast is not a well thought out idea and it is not safe at all.
The obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders trying to get the spacecraft to dock there were largely due to structural and safety concerns. According to paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." This question required over $60,000 worth of work on the building's frame. Revise. While structural issues are an issue, pedestrian safety presents an even bigger hurdle for builders. Most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which creates a huge fire hazard." When the German airship Hindenburg was in Lakehurst, NJ, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized , it could have been worse if the accident happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York” (@NUM2 paragraph). While current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas to be parked at the Empire State Building, the biggest obstacle is nature itself. The changing winds could pierce the spacecraft's outer shell due to the violent airflow.
Builders face many obstacles, from laws to future disasters. There were several issues with the design and placement of the mooring masts. One was "the changing wind direction at the top of the building". Even with architects tweaking the mast design, it's still too dangerous to land the airship. Another major problem is the spacecraft itself. They are filled with combustible hydrogen. If an airship like the Hindenburg caught fire, debris would fall under pedestrians. The last issue is a law that prevents "airships from flying too low in urban areas." In conclusion, no mooring masts are used for legal, airship and natural reasons.
The first hurdle is being able to get passengers on and off because they're already at altitude. Also as stated in paragraph @NUM1, "USS Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but couldn't get close to mooring due to strong winds." @CAPS1 So the force of the wind is a huge obstacle. Another hurdle pointed out in paragraph @NUM1 "Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would require ships to be tethered to the building or even close to the area." @CAPS1 Laws are another hurdle they have to face.
The architects who built the mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building had a lot of problems actually docking any spaceship there. It was revolutionary and ideal when they @CAPS1 built the idea of being able to dock airships on top of buildings. But they have many problems with safety, weather and laws. One of the safety concerns is that the gaseous hydrogen inside the spacecraft is highly flammable. An accident could injure hundreds of people on the streets of New York. The roof is also very windy. Makes it difficult for any airship to approach. The last difficulty the builder encountered was the law. Certain laws do not allow planes to fly too low in dense urban areas. While their mooring mast seemed like a good idea, sadly it never got much use.
According to the information given in the excerpt, the tools that the builders of the Empire State Building had to face were crucial to the use of the pier. Not only was it a challenge to build a 102-story building, but it wasn't easy given wind and other weather conditions: In order for the Empire State Building's builders to build and hoist the pier, they first needed to reinforce the top of the building itself. skeleton. "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, held in place by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." ( @NUM1 paragraph) @CAPS1 Builders constructing mooring masts must take into account violent wind speeds and the structure of the building that supports them. The builders of the Empire State Building had to do a lot of work to complete their project.
The hurdle is "successful use of the morning mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents."
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their spaceships docked there. Barriers using mooring masts and nature itself were unsuccessful. But after the celebration was over, they were disappointed because the spacecraft couldn't be docked there. After that, another ship, the blimp Columbia of the year @CAPS1, attempted a promotional stunt that would fly up and deliver a bundle of news papers to the Empire State Building. When the stunt is unsuccessful, the airship can be used as a futuristic vehicle.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship. It is impossible for an architect to put a mooring mast on the smooth roof of a building. If a thousand-foot spaceship were covered with just a single cable tether on top of a building, the building's frame would immediately add stress. Stresses from ship loads and wind pressure need to be transmitted all the way down to the foundation of the building. Another hurdle for builders is that the building's steel frame must be strengthened to accommodate the new design. The biggest hurdle in rolling out this new design is nature. Architects need to consider changing winds due to violent airflow. Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will not be secure. In fact, the design would hang above pedestrians on the street, which would have architects worried about the populace. Architects also have to deal with laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would provide for the right to prohibit tethering a large boat to a building, even approaching the area. Despite attempts to reach the building with a spaceship, the whole idea was abandoned, despite its importance to the architect.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the fact that the spacecraft contains highly flammable gases. If an airship is docked over a large city like New York City, it can be very dangerous if the airship catches fire. Another hurdle is that the docking system doesn't work as planned and isn't secure. These airships are at the mercy of wind and weather. Under normal conditions for docking airships on an open landing pad, their weight is front and rear. If airships were to stay on the Empire State Building, they would need to have weights on the back and front, which would end up hanging over the city. Without the weight of the back, the airship will rotate around the mooring mast. Finally, the altitude the airship must reach is unsafe. If the airship is blown away by the wind, the airship will crash into the spires of nearby buildings. These are the hurdles that builders faced when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle for builders is that the building itself needs to be remodeled. The architects responsible for adding the mooring masts realized that if they added the masts as is, and started mooring ships on them, the Empire State Building's frame would be under too much stress. For this reason, they first had to make changes worth @MONEY1 to the building to adequately strengthen its framework (paragraph @NUM1). The second hurdle that builders faced as they tried to get more ships to fit on the Empire State Building's masts was general safety. After the Hindenburg disaster of 1937, the architects in charge of the project knew exactly how catastrophic such an accident would be if it happened in a densely populated place like @CAPS1 (paragraph @NUM2). However, it is not just the possibility of a catastrophic disaster that increases security concerns. Given the constant and violent gusts of wind that occurred at mast height, the architects realized that any ship parked there would be constantly oscillating rapidly around the mast. When mooring an airship on the ground, the solution to this problem is by hanging a weight on its backside, but this creates another safety issue, as a weight that falls on the person below it can easily kill a person ( Paragraph @NUM3). The final hurdle for architects is a law banning airships flying so low around cities in the first place. In the end, the fact that there are so many obstacles makes the idea of mooring a spaceship there simply impossible.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mast. One obstacle they face is nature itself. In its excerpt, it says: "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate." If the airship were allowed to dock here, this could result in Major accident. Another hurdle they faced was the inability of the craft to fly low above the city. It said in an excerpt: "This is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This law would make it illegal for boats to be on buildings or even close to the area." But in this idea Two ships attempted to reach the building before being abandoned. The first was unable to reach the building due to strong winds. The second airship attempted a stunt to drop a bundle of news papers. They didn't have the proper equipment, so they had to have a worker catch the bundle of documents, which was secured with rope. These obstacles were important in building the mast, as it likely saved not only the pilot's life, but the lives of the people who lived in the city below.
In @DATE1, the spaceship is referred to as the vehicle of the future. After the Empire State Building was built, the builders tried to park the spaceship there. There were three main reasons that prevented builders from trying to dock a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. "One obstacle to expanding usage in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone." Ayl Smith believes that adding a mooring mast to the top of the building would allow the airship to moor there for several hours. But it's not easy for architects to put down a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of a mooring mast is nature itself." The draft from the strong wind will cause the stern to rotate around the mooring mast. "Another practical reason that airships can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas." The last two airships tried it, but it didn't work.
They're among the many hurdles builders face when trying to get their ships docked on top of the Empire State Building. The first problem they faced was safety. Many ships, especially those from outside independent countries, use hydrogen at altitude @CAPS1. So it's not safe to have such a low airship in a densely populated place like downtown New York. This is not safe because in the event of an accident, a large number of deaths could result. The second hurdle the builders faced was the constant wind blowing at the top, preventing the ship from stabilizing in one place. Instead, it just spins around the mast. The third and final hurdle facing builders is the law. There is a law that doesn't allow planes to fly too low over urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal to tie a boat to the Empire State Building.
On December 11, 1929, Al Smith announced that the Empire State Building would reach a height of 1,250 feet; taller than the previous largest building, the Chrysler Building. Smith makes buildings taller by adding tops or hats. John @CAPS1 describes it as "[The top of the Empire State Building] will be more than just a decoration... The Empire State Building will be equipped with an era of transportation, which at the time was only the dream of a few aviation pioneers" (p. 1 ). The dream includes having a mooring mass on top of the building to dock an airship or blimp. However, as they started planning for this, a number of hurdles arose, such as the amount of pressure it would add to the building's frame, the use of hydrogen instead of helium, and nature itself. “A 1,000-foot sphere held by a cable tether that would add stress to the building frame... The Empire State Building must... [have] modifications (pg @NUM1) exceeding @MONEY1 value.” Most from outside the U.S. The diribles use hydrogen...and hydrogen is highly flammable (pg @NUM1)". "Due to strong air currents, the winds on top of buildings are constantly changing...they can hang above pedestrians. ..it's neither safe nor practical"
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, since the spacecraft had a top speed of 80 miles per hour. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. The airship is docked by an electric winch that pulls a line from the front of the boat, which is then tied to a mass. And the bodies of the spaceships, which can swing in the breeze but passengers can get on and off safely.
Builders encountered many obstacles in building the airship mast at the Empire State Building. One is that the foundation must be strengthened so that all the pressure on the building's structure will not tear it apart. Also, this is impractical for an airship mast, as changing currents and winds can make it impossible to land, or cause the airship to circle around and hit buildings. Workers faced these obstacles and eventually realized they couldn't.
The mooring mast by @ORGANIZATION2 outlines the problems architects had when trying to get their spaceships docked on top of the Empire State Building. This idea is impractical, mostly for security reasons. Most spacecraft use hydrogen gas instead of the highly flammable helium. In the event of an accident, the spacecraft would crash into thousands of pedestrians in New York City. Nature is another reason why this idea is impractical. In New York City, changing winds sent the spacecraft out of control, even while docked. Some ships use lead blocks to keep their backs from spinning, but in New York City, "they would hang over pedestrians on the street...not practical or safe." @CAPS1, air law prevents ship docks from becoming a reality. It is illegal for airships to even approach the area because of how low they have to fly. The mooring mast was impractical and "never fulfilled its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built."
In this excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marciaamidon @CAPS1, there are a few hurdles when trying to build a pier for the Empire State Building. The first hurdle is the small space they provide for the landing site. New York has a lot of people and a lot of buildings. "One of the barriers to expanding usage in New York City is the lack of proper landing zones." They're very large, so they need enough space not to bump into anything else. Second is security. They have to take into account everyone and how close it is to the building. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." If the wind is blowing strongly, it can rock it back into the building. Finally, the danger of a heavy object on the head of a large group of people is very serious. "...use these at the Empire State Building, and they'll hang above pedestrians in the street..." If one fails, it can kill one. No one can overcome what has happened.
Some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building had to face when trying to get the craft docked there was a thousand-foot-long craft moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that added extra to the frame of the building. pressure. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be remodeled and reinforced to fit the new conditions, which would cost more than $60,000. Another obstacle that allows airships is the mast. One obstacle to the mast is nature itself. The wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents. When the ship was about to land, the back of the ship would rotate around the mast, making it unsafe.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One of them was unable to place the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The ship, which is attached to the top of the building, is held in place by a cable tether that puts pressure on the building's frame. Its weight and air pressure would weaken the foundations of the Empire State Building. They had to make sixty thousand dollar modifications to the frame to make it strong enough to carry the airship's weight. Another problem is that the mooring mast is not fulfilling its purpose, which should be considered before construction; safety. Many countries outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is indeed flammable. In one incident, the airship was destroyed in a fire due to hydrogen in the balloon. The biggest challenge was the wind above the building. The wind is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. If the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back will open the mooring mast. Airships use heavy objects to land on open fields, but cannot go over buildings because heavy objects suspended above pedestrians are not safe. The builders had trouble trying to get the airship docked there.
In trying to build a spaceship dock on top of the Empire State Building, there were a number of hurdles that made the idea increasingly unlikely. A huge problem is due to the foundation of the building. A rocking airship that is a thousand feet long on top of a building would add enormous pressure. That means extra money needs to be invested in strengthening the foundations and frame to support the massive airship on the mooring mast. Since the building's maximum elevation is 1,250 feet, violent air currents tore from the top of the building. This resulted in impossible docking conditions as the airship could hit the building and eject. Due to the flammability of hydrogen, such a dangerous eruption could wreak havoc on the densely populated city below. Referring to the Hindenburg bombing in Lakehurst, @CAPS1 1937, "Owners of the Empire State Building realized that the accident could have been worse if it happened over a populated area." Never built for major safety reasons Spaceship dock.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A big problem they face is wind. The way the mooring station is built means the wind can grab the tail of the craft and cause it to spin around the building. Also, when the mooring station is built, the wind makes it unsafe for the spacecraft to approach the building. Another problem they faced was the stability and support of the building. "More than sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the frame of the building had to be done." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Here's an airship that won't pull the mooring station off the building. The last issue they face is people's safety. It is said that most of the @CAPS2 ships fly on flammable gases. It would be horrific if an accident like the Hindenburg happened on a busy New York street. Wind, stability, and safety are just a few of the many problems faced by the Empire State Building builders.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. A very important hurdle they had to face was the added stress on the building frame by the thousand-foot ship. So, "...must be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." (@NUM1) @CAPS1, builders face safety hurdles. The spacecraft uses hydrogen, "...instead of helium, which is highly flammable." (@NUM2.line @NUM3) The biggest hurdle for builders is nature. As the wind at the top of the building shifts, the rear of the airship rotates around the mast. Previous solution; "Airships moored at open landing pads may be weighed down by lead behind..." (@NUM4. line @NUM3-5) Empire State Building's mooring masts are unsafe. In the end, one hurdle they faced was "laws that prohibit airships from flying over urban areas that are too low." (@NUM6. line @NUM7) This makes it impossible for ships to even approach this area. When builders tried to turn the Empire State Building into a docking station, they faced a few hurdles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in building it, some of which were safety, the technology they had, and the planning they had to build the mooring mast. The safety issue with the mooring mast is that airships from countries other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable, so the risk of a fire on the spacecraft is very high. Another safety concern for builders was that the winds on top of the building were too windy to successfully land the craft. The technical problem faced by the builders was that they didn't have the technology to successfully land the @DATE1 ft spacecraft on top of the tower using a single cable, as this would increase the stress on the building frame, as well as damage the building frame from wind pressure. The obstacle that builders face when planning a mooring mast is that they don't plan well enough and they should have seen from the start that the mast would fail.
Based on an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2. The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to ban the spaceships from docking. The three main obstacles facing builders are their concerns about safety, nature itself and existing airship laws. When constructing, safety is a major factor. Builders have the opportunity to use hydrogen instead of helium. At the risk of hydrogen being highly flammable. Later realized how bad it would have been if something had happened to the German airship Hindenburg on May 6, 1937. They can happen over "densely populated" areas like New York City. Nature itself is also a hindrance, as the wind at the top is constantly changing. This can cause the rear of the airship and around the mooring mast to "spin". The end result is that "current law prohibits aircraft from flying too low over urban areas". They feared that the wind would blow the spacecraft into the sharp spires of other structures and pierce the spacecraft's hull. In two failed attempts, they decided to cancel the construction of the "mooring mast" because "the problem of mooring the airship to such a high fixed mast has not been resolved, thus requiring the final installation of the landing gear to be postponed to a later date."
The builders had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to land on the Empire State Building. One of the main reasons is safety, "most ships outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." I would be taking a big risk by flying such a ship over New York. Another issue is airflow, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." The last issue is a "Prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas" law. The law would forever prohibit any airship from docking with the mast, or even approaching the city in an attempt to dock.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Barriers are safety, nature and law. Most foreign spacecraft use the highly flammable hydrogen gas instead of helium. If the ship catches fire over a populous city, the results will be dire. The high winds were very violent. There is no way to keep the ship still, and the back will swing even if the front is hanging from the building. It's not safe. There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. It is illegal to fly near a building or park on it. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
Construction of the Empire State Building was a project that faced many hurdles. With the addition of plans to construct a mooring mast on top of the building, a series of challenges and possibilities had to be considered. First, adding a mooring mast on top of a building significantly reduces the weight of the building, increasing the stress on its frame. Therefore, modifications that exceed the value of @MONEY1 must be made to strengthen the frame of the building and make it a whole. Laws and regulations on how high an airship can hover over an urban area also limits the use of the mast, as the building is located in the center of the city, a densely populated area with thousands of pedestrians below, which is clearly neither practical nor practical Safety. Also, nature itself is the biggest obstacle to the mast's success, as many foreign craft use hydrogen instead of helium, which is a fire hazard. In the end, both strong winds and violent drafts prevented the construction of the mast, as using the top of the building as a dock for the airship might have been a little far-fetched.
Workers have to overcome many obstacles to be successful in the process of mast. They had to figure out how to land large planes on small frame buildings. In addition, workers will need to figure out a way to safely disembark and disembark passengers as the tail swings in the air. They need to talk and consult with the US Naval Air Station because they are leaders in airship research. Another hurdle that workers must overcome is the law in @ORGANIZATION3 that bans low-flying aircraft. So these are some of the hurdles mast builders have to overcome to build a mast on @LOCATION1's Empire State Building
Being an architect and construction worker is one of the toughest jobs in the world, especially at an altitude of @NUM1 feet. Building the Empire State Building was no easy task. A more challenging task was to construct a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, a docking area for the spacecraft. Because the building has a flat roof, "the architects could not simply place the mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building." The architects had to build a rocket-shaped extension that protruded from the flat roof. The architects also realised that having a cable attached to the ship at the top of the extension would add enormous stress to the building. They had to find a way to relieve the pressure on the building's foundation. Although the architects faced challenges, they did overcome them and plan to put their ideas into practice.
Builders faced a number of hurdles in order to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. One obstacle is too much stress on the building frame. The ship must somehow be attached to the frame, which is @NUM1 feet below. Another issue facing builders is safety. Workers wanted to use hydrogen to keep the spacecraft afloat, but realized that hydrogen was flammable. other laws of nature. The wind of nature will keep the ship stationary. Law said the airship would fly to low altitudes in urban areas. The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of problems that caused the plan to fail.
Many years ago, people sought a new and more practical form of transportation. After being introduced to airships (or airships), it was believed that this small aircraft could be the transportation of the future. There are plans to build a mast atop the Empire State Building in New York City. The project started quickly, but it was not without obstacles along the way. Natural disasters, the construction of the Empire State Building, and differences between the US and @CAPS1 ships hindered the success of the mooring mast. Nature is known to be unpredictable and extremely harsh. This makes all transportation, especially air transportation, difficult and dangerous. During the construction of the mooring masts, violent wind currents were noticed. On a windy day, docking a spaceship atop the Empire State Building is nearly impossible because only the front of the plane is safe. This can endanger pedestrians. Second, it was noticed that the roof of the Empire State Building needed improvement to allow the spacecraft to dock there. Once secured with a rope, the weight of the spaceship rests on the building. This can be dangerous and will take about @MONEY1 to fix. Finally, ships from other countries will not be able to fly to the United States. The American airship is filled with helium, which makes it very light and easy to fly. The @CAPS1 model uses hydrogen, which happens to be very flammable. The models were determined to be unusable after a German ship was damaged beyond repair by fire. Ultimately, the dangers of traveling with an airship outweigh the benefits. It was determined that too many accidents could be due to airships, so the Empire State Building had to be used for something else.
An obstacle where the builder must pass an electric winch to get the ship to dock there. By tying it to the mast, wind pressure. It needs to be on the open field and held down with a plumb in the back. Tried to tie up buildings, but it's not legal so they can't do it. It was also impossible to tie it to a building due to strong winds. The dirilage moorings also never stop. The Dirilgables and their passengers have quietly disappeared, and instead of being transported, they were handed over to the plane.
Some of the problems the designers faced were the violent drafts that formed in urban areas, which would be a problem because the spacecraft would be thrown around because of its light weight. Another problem is that it's too dangerous to land a spacecraft in a densely populated area like New York City.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spaceship were very difficult. Builders had to modify and reinforce buildings. Modifications are very expensive. "Over $60,000". Another hurdle for builders is wind on top of buildings. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The rear of the ship rotates even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast. Also, they face security. Builders are worried about @CAPS1 happening because the ship's hydrogen fill is very flammable. "Most airships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." @CAPS2, another reason is laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law clearly states that the marina will never happen. Although they are fairly high off the ground, it still works. They can't even tie it up and secure it so it doesn't fall over because it's still illegal. The law makes it illegal for a boat to be tied to a building or even near the area.
In the short story "Mooring Mast". Marcia Amidon Lüsted describes the three hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Both resonances are safe. The first "from most spacecraft outside the United States uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable". Flammable boats "over densely populated areas like downtown New York can cause death. The second safety reason is due to" changing winds on top of buildings due to strong air currents. "Airships" suspended above pedestrians in the street are neither practical nor safe. "The final hurdle facing the Empire State Building is the law. "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. "To the building or even close to the area." The law and the security hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders did not allow any attempt to dock the spacecraft there.
According to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. When Al Smith first planned the structure and use of the mass, he seemed overly ambitious. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the reader learns about Smith's competitiveness, a quality that can get in the way of practicality. Smith's determination to make the Empire State Building the tallest was a hindrance, as it was the first to come up with the idea of a mooring mast. While the "Designing the Mast" section makes it clear that the construction of the mast requires a lot of planning, the extra effort involved is also a hindrance. The mast delayed the completion of the entire building, as @PERSON1 said in the @NUM2 paragraph, the mast caused unresolved issues and delays. A significant cause of mast failure is safety concerns, as airships are highly flammable. As it says in paragraph @NUM3, "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." These all show the impracticality of installing a spaceship dock, revealing the biggest obstacle facing builders. Because ambition was more important than practicality when it came to building the mooring mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles and failed.
@CAPS1 The problem the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock their ships was a lack of suitable land. Another obstacle they faced was the constant change of wind on top of the building due to the violent airflow. They also had to make sure that no sharp objects could damage the spacecraft. These are the faces @CAPS1 faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
From what seemed like a very likely way to make the Empire State Building famous, to realizing that the Empire State Building's builders faced several difficulties in allowing the spaceship to dock. These problems include increased stress on the building frame. Therefore, the foundation must be designed and strengthened to accommodate this additional pressure. "Builders have to worry not only about the structure, but also about the wind. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to the purple airflow" After all, the builder finally realized that this "dream" was impossible to overcome
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. Their first problem was that they couldn't place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. Mainly because it's only held in place by a single tether and adds stress to the building's frame. Another @CAPS1 is that the wind on top of the building was so much stronger that it pushed the ship away from the dock. Also, most craft other than @LOCATION2 use hydrogen gas instead of helium to stay aloft, which is extremely flammable. To the creators of this building, the idea seemed unrealistic, an airship would be hard to keep in one place dangling @NUM1 feet above New York City.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that the U.S. spacecraft uses hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. Accidents could be very dangerous if the spacecraft were to be destroyed by fire over a densely populated area like downtown New York. One of the biggest obstacles to using a mooring mast is nature itself. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents," the authors said. "Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." Suspended lead weights from pedestrians on the street , which is neither practical nor safe. The mooring mast by @ORGANIZATION2 talks about some of the hurdles builders had to face when getting their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
In "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, she describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. In the fourth paragraph, it says, "One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone." This means that in off-year, the craft doesn't have much room. In paragraph 16, it said: "The US Navy's Los Angeles craft approached the mooring mast, but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds". This means that the weather can make flying craft very dangerous.
Some of the obstacles they faced while trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building were challenging. One of the names they call the ship in @DATE1 is "Future Transport". There is also an existing law that prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in open areas. The builders had to make a lot of changes to make it perfect and get it the way they wanted. Safety is paramount, and most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. Although hydrogen is very flammable, they still use it. Additionally, "the tallest open observation deck, intended for disembarkation of passengers, has never been open to the public". And to this day it has not been opened to the public for use.
The three insurmountable hurdles the builders faced when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building were public safety concerns. They should be aware that "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen" so they can explode easily. In a city like New York, a thousand-foot airship covering four blocks can cause massive casualties. Second, the violent airflow caused the wind direction to change constantly at the top of the Empire State Building. The mooring masts won't work in that environment unless the rear of the craft is held down by lead. A plumb bob "[would] be neither practical nor safe to hang over pedestrians in the street". Third, the importance of aircraft to public safety has come in the form of laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area." It turns out that docking in an urban environment is too dangerous to take the risk.
Although the purpose of the mooring mast is to help passengers safely dock from the craft, there are still many difficulties that could endanger many people. "On May 6, 1937, when the German airship '@CAPS1' was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the situation could have been worse had the accident happened over a populated area. Like downtown New York." (@NUM1 paragraph) This shows that in the event of an accident like an airship burning up over New York, there will be a lot of serious injuries. "December 1930, USS Los Angeles approaching mooring mass, unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds." (@NUM2 paragraph) The biggest hurdle was mooring the ship while the wind was blowing. Then dropped the idea of using the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle for builders is finding a way to moor the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building without stressing the building's frame. “A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the frame of the building” (Lüsted). Another hurdle is money. They required over $60,000 worth of modifications. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the frame of the building" (Lüsted). The biggest hurdle the builder has to face is nature, and the wind will make the ship bigger. "The greatest obstacle to the success of a mooring mast is nature itself" (Lüsted). As you can see, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there.
Despite their heroic efforts to bring a seemingly ingenious idea to life, the obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders when it came to constructing a dock for their spaceship proved insurmountable. One of the challenges for builders was the high winds at the top of the Empire State Building. These strong winds made maneuvering the ship at that altitude nearly impossible, let alone docking it on a building. Another hurdle facing architects is a law that says airships can't fly too close to the ground in urban areas. That means it's illegal for any airship to even get close to the Empire State Building. Finally, the creators of the Empire State Building faced a safety challenge: @CAPS1 is filled with highly flammable hydrogen, and an airship explosion in a densely populated urban area would have dire consequences.
The builders had many problems trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building. First, tethering the airship with a single cable would add enormous weight to the frame of the building. To achieve this, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened, which would add extra cost to @MONEY1. After the mast was built, the Empire State Building also faced new problems. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. After what happened in Hindenburg, architects knew that in a densely populated area like New York City, the results would be worse. Another problem is that it's too dangerous to hang a giant ship thousands of feet in the air. The law also got in the way of Al Smith's ideas. By law, airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. When the spacecraft Los Angeles attempted the test, the builders found that the wind was too high for the spacecraft, and they worried that it would fly into nearby buildings. The idea of airships was quickly forgotten, giving way to airplanes.
In the excerpt "Mooring Masts" I Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to create a docking station on such a tall structure. Obstructing a law that prohibits low-flying airships, and nature itself makes it difficult to create such a place in paragraph @NUM1, which says "Another practical reason for not being able to use airships at the Empire State Building is the existing low-flying ban on airships The law over urban areas." The debate about building the mast was already hot, but Al Smith ignored it. This law makes it illegal for boats to be permanently tied to buildings. In paragraph @NUM2, the author addresses why nature is an issue, saying that "winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." If @CAPS1 pursues this idea further, they are already showing signs of danger ahead . Drigibles moored in open landing pads can be weighed down by lead. However, using these in the Empire State Building would be neither practical nor safe as they would hang in the air. All of these reasons lead to the reason why the docking is not allowed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The biggest one is the high winds. The rear of the zeppelin will rotate around the mooring mast. There were also fears that it would blow onto the spires of nearby buildings, causing it to burst. They can't hold it in place with a plumb bob because it's not safe to let them hang from the street. For the same reason, there was a law at the time that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas. In any case, this would make it illegal for the zeppelin to dock there. These are some obvious issues that are overlooked in the design of the mooring mast.
In @PERSON1's non-fiction excerpt "The Mooring Mast," the architects ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle faced by architects was the lack of a suitable landing zone. There is nowhere to land the airship. "The addition of mooring masts to the top of the building will allow the spacecraft to park there for a few hours for resupply or service, and to get passengers on and off." The phrase is that they need to build a mooring mass to overcome obstacles. The second hurdle they faced was that architects couldn't just put a mooring on top of a building. "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, weather-secured by a single cable, will add stress to the building's frame." The phrase says that load stresses and wind pressure must be transmitted, and that the static frame of the building must be Modifications and enhancements are made to suit new situations. The third biggest obstacle is the successful use of mooring masts. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The phrase is that the mooring mass itself is dangerous by its very nature, as the rear of the boat rotates around the mooring mass. This makes the masses unsafe. These three hurdles are faced by architects in order to build a mooring quality in which to compete to have the tallest building in the world.
There are several obstacles to the success of the construction. Perhaps the main obstacle, the obstacle of impotence, is the wind itself. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it mentions how the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent air currents. These giant balloon-shaped machines constantly revolve around the mooring mast, even when strapped down. The Hindenburg disaster of May 6, 1937 also demonstrated how dangerous an airship filled with highly flammable hydrogen gas can be in densely populated areas such as downtown New York. The project is also hampered by existing laws regarding flying in urban areas. "It is illegal for a boat to dock on a building or even approach the area" - the author says in @NUM2 paragraph. The upcoming airship will just fly too low to break the law and not work.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced different obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. The builder must first understand the mooring line. They "consulted experts and toured equipment and mooring operations" to find out more about them directly. Builders also had to worry about the frame of the Empire State Building. The framework "must be revised and enhanced to suit this new situation". This means the builder will have to go back and work on the frame again. Attempting to dock a spaceship on the Empire State Building led the builders to face different obstacles.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, architects ran into a number of hurdles when it came to getting their ships docked at the Empire State Building. Engineers have to go through different experiences and consult experts, and visit the equipment that will be used on the project. Architects must be aware that they cannot @CAPS1 put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, they must be aware of the consequences and dangers like wind pressure. Also, if fireworks occur, many people will be injured or killed by the New York population. Architects faced many obstacles, but then taught them the dangers and consequences of building mooring masts.
Architects working on the mooring masts of the Empire State Building have to face many obstacles. The first is the fact that small cars aren't the next traffic boom. It would be useless without a small boat that uses a mast. Another hurdle is current laws that prohibit small craft from flying too low over urban areas. So no ship can legally dock on the mast anyway. The last obstacle is nature. High winds on top of buildings can spin the ship, making docking dangerous and impractical.
When building the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. From Marcia Amidon Lüsted's reading excerpt "Mooring Masts," the spacecraft is a thousand feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City. This brings up the first hurdle that they have nowhere to land this thing. They can't put it over New York because current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. Architects also had to find a way to redesign the building so that it could support the weight of the spaceship. The biggest obstacle they face is nature. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing and while it will be tied to the building it will still swirl behind it, they have no way to fix that as usually the ship is pinned down in the open field by the cylinder block, in the Doing so in densely populated areas is risky.
In the excerpt, @ORGANIZATION1's "Mooring Mast" wants to keep the spacecraft docked on the Empire State Building for refueling and service, and to get passengers on and off. However, the builders of the Empire State Building went through a number of hurdles to make this happen. “Empire State Building architects and engineers consulted experts to tour equipment and mooring operations at @ORGANIZATION3 in Lakehurst, NJ” (¶@NUM1). They have to meet with experts and analyze whether it will be a successful idea. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never serve its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built... The greatest obstacle to the successful use of a mooring mast is nature itself" (@NUM2 and @NUM3 of ¶ ). Another hurdle that builders have to contend with is nature. It was windy there, so the idea of docking the ship on the Empire State Building didn't work out.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles in the construction process. When designing the mast, the architects realized they couldn't just put the mooring mast on the Empire State Building, as that would add stress to the building's frame. Therefore, the building had to be modified and strengthened to preserve these conditions. Then the builders had safety issues and the wind on top of the building was strong and changing. This will cause the airship to rotate around the mast. They decided to add lead to weigh the craft, but it was neither practical nor safe to have those hanging above pedestrians on the street. Lastley, existing laws prohibiting airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas make it illegal to accomplish their goals. Overall, planning for the Empire State Building had many difficulties.
When building the Empire State Building's mooring mast, architects faced many obstacles, such as spontaneous combustion, nature, and airship-related laws. The first problem builders face is spontaneous combustion. Due to an accidental fire on the Hindenburg, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the airship lit up their building, the results would be worse as debris would fall on New York's busy streets. The second problem facing builders is nature itself. The wind direction above the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents. This means that even when docked and moored, the rear of the boat will still rotate. Normally, lead weights weigh down airships in the fields, but over New York City they can be dangerous because they can snap off and land on pedestrians below. In the end, laws regulating the flight of airships were enacted, hindering construction. These laws place restrictions on heights above downtown, making the Empire State Building's pier, or even just approaching it, illegal. Builders of the Empire State Building mast faced many obstacles during construction, such as fire, nature, and law.
@CAPS1 The builders of the state building had a lot of problems trying to get the ship to dock there. Their first problem was that it would add a lot of stress to the building. This means that if they tie the airship to a building in the wind, it will put weight on the building or pull it. "Nature is their biggest obstacle" and it's very unsafe to hang something like this on the crowded streets of New York. To make the building stronger, builders had to spend more than "$60,000" to improve the skeleton or frame. There are also laws that don't allow large planes to fly low over crowded cities. This tells us that even if they did build the mast, it would be illegal for the spacecraft to land there. There were so many problems that the landing of the spacecraft on the Empire State Building never happened.
The builders of the Empire State Building had countless problems trying to get the spaceship to dock there. A major concern is security. Even though the airship will be hooked on top of the building, the wind could whip the airship against the building. Also following the crash of the Hindenburg, builders realized how much damage this would have caused if it happened in New York. Another problem they face is the law. The law prohibits any aircraft from flying too low over urban areas. These issues caused the idea to fade away.
From the idea of building the Empire State Building to trying to get a spaceship docked there, builders faced different obstacles when trying to get a spaceship there. Aylsmith thought it would be a good idea to add a mooring mast so the ship could stay there for a few hours. However, in order for the ship to be docked there, the builder had to transfer all the stress of the ship's load and wind pressure to the base of the building, since a thousand-foot-long ship parked on top of the building could add stress to the ship's frame. put up. One of the biggest hurdles for builders is wind or nature. The strength of the wind is constantly changing due to the violent airflow. For safety reasons, most craft are not safe because they primarily use hydrogen, which is flammable. Another hurdle they face is that current laws do not allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. "The problem of mooring an aircraft on such a high fixed mast has not been resolved, so it is hoped that the final installation of the landing gear will be postponed to a later date," said Owen Craven. The use of mooring masts for the airship's Thoughts are gone.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," Lüsted talks about the many obstacles the Empire State Building's builders encountered when trying to get their ships docked there. They had to make many adjustments to the frame of the building, the safety of the ship was dangerous, and nature itself was a huge obstacle for the builders. First, the architects realized they couldn't put the mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building because it would add to the frame of the building. As Lüsted puts it, "The stress of the ship's loads and wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which was close to 1,100 feet." The architects then had to make adjustments to strengthen the building to allow the airship to dock. These improvements cost the architects @MONEY1! The second hurdle for builders is the safety of the craft. Most spacecraft at the time were filled with highly flammable hydrogen. When architects witnessed the destruction of the German airship Hindenburg, they saw how dangerous this could be. If the same thing happened in the densely populated New York area, it could wreak havoc. Another hurdle that builders faced when trying to dock a spaceship on the Empire State Building was nature. The wind direction at the top of the Empire State Building is constantly changing, which will cause the airship to be very unstable. Airships are usually weighed down by lead, but in New York this is not safe because they would hang over pedestrians. The many hurdles faced by the architects led to the unsuccessful docking of the airship.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and allowed the spacecraft to dock there. Some of those obstacles include the fact that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This makes it impossible for boats to be tied to structures, as this is illegal. Also, in line 3 of paragraph 13, it is stated that this would be unsafe because many ships from other countries use hydrogen gas instead of helium, and hydrogen is very flammable and will not only allow people to enter the ship, but everyone All near and around, very dangerous. Another obstacle mentioned in the excerpt, and perhaps the biggest one, is the violent airflow that causes the wind on top of the buildings to be always changing, making it nearly impossible and unsafe for them to land there. Overall, the excerpt makes it clear that the only sensible way for a craft to land is on an open field.
Getting a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building is difficult. For example, masts are really hard to build. Engineers and architects need to think about how to do it. and ensure the safety of passengers. First, the spaceship is heavy. Hydrogen gas could crack it. No one knows what happens when a spaceship flies in the sky. The body of the spaceship can swing in the wind. Maybe out of control. It also matters which level we can put the mast on. I don't think anyone likes working under a huge heavy ship.
Now I'm going to tell us some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get the spaceship docked there. First, in paragraph @NUM1, the architects turned a blind eye to potential problems with the mast, since most craft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. Second, in paragraph @NUM2, the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Third, in paragraph @NUM3, another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. That's why the mooring mast (spaceship) was never completed because of this serious obstacle putting it on the Empire State Building.
Builders faced a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Ships were a big deal in transport during @DATE1. The problem is that there aren't many landing areas for airships because they're so big. So Al Smith came up with the idea to build a landing pier for the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. The government had to review Al Smith's plan to make sure it was safe and functional. Al Smith's plan was for the airship to be attached to the building by a tether. It wouldn't be allowed because the airships hanging from the wires would put a lot of stress on the building. It's also impossible for a spaceship to land on the Empire State Building, because of the safety hazards associated with hydrogen and spaceships. Hydrogen in the spacecraft could catch fire and burn down the Empire State Building.
The owners of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts. The first hurdle they faced was having to revise and strengthen the stealing framework. This is critical for the building to be able to support the mooring masts where the airship should be docked. Another big issue was safety, they were worried about an accident similar to the Hindenburg and thought "if the accident happened in a city like New York, the accident could be worse (@NUM1 paragraph). However, the biggest hurdle they faced was It's natural. Violent air currents cause the wind to change constantly, which will cause docked aircraft to "spin around the mooring mast" (paragraph @NUM2). Laws preventing airships from flying too low also make this dream a huge fear to overcome This not only prohibits them from docking there, but even near the area. While this dream may seem possible at first, builders should be aware of the many obstacles that make their dream impossible.
The obstacles faced when building the Empire State Building to allow spaceships to dock are blind. The drag and pull of sudden winds make the dock a hazard to passengers and building foundations. However, such an attempt was made to fly the spacecraft over urban areas, just in case it failed. Spiers also make them inaccessible in the case of a hole punch. $60,000 to refit mooring masts on @ORGANIZATION2 to ensure safe docking of airships. This idea was lost in the creation of modern new aircraft.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Use hydrogen gas instead of helium because hydrogen gas is highly flammable. Its obstacle is nature itself. There are always strong and dangerous winds on top of buildings. So it allows the airship to rotate, which is dangerous. Airships moored in an open landing pad might carry the weight, but using them at the Empire State Building could hang over pedestrians, which is unsafe. Another reason is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. If the airship blows, the spire of the building will pierce the airship's hull. This is the reason and hurdles why it is difficult to attempt a spacecraft docking.
In an episode of Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's The Mooring Mast, the builder of the Empire State Building faced the hurdle of getting the spaceship docked there. An example is a paragraph @NUM1 "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal for ships to dock buildings or even approach the area.
The obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was a mooring mast, which would put a lot of stress on the building's frame. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas
They had problems trying to land it. The ship could be on fire, and the situation could be worse. It is dangerous to connect parts to parts. High winds are a problem. Airships could burn down and people would die underneath.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems when trying to build docks for their spaceships. Builders can't simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. They have to consider the fairness of the ship @LOCATION2, they have to strengthen the foundation of the building and the landing area of the ship. The spacecraft was able to dock him on the issue via an electric winch, and they were in downtown New York City, which is a densely populated area. A craft floating in the middle of a populated area would be very unsafe. The spacecraft is also made of hydrogen and helium, which is very flammable. So if there is an accident and the ship is destroyed, the people below will die. Another hurdle is the law that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. One of the biggest obstacles is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The idea sounds great at first, but too many things can go wrong.
When building the Empire State Building, the main idea was to build a mooring mast for the airship (airship) to dock there. However, as the first of its kind, the idea ran into a number of obstacles. They must stabilize the building with steel framing and other modifications described in paragraph 9 before the masts can be constructed. The airship was long and the previous structure was not strong enough to support it in high winds. Safety is also an issue with adding mooring masts. Airships from outside the United States are filled with highly flammable hydrogen, not helium. If something happens and the airship catches fire, that could threaten the safety of civilians. Once the mast was built, high-speed winds became an obstacle again, not even allowing the craft to get close to the building. Despite how unique the idea of having a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building was, there were a number of hurdles to making the idea work.
There were a number of hurdles in building @ORGANIZATION1. His first hurdle was the Chrysler Building taking the title of world's tallest building. When the architects added a 185-foot helix to the top of the building. Al Smith had to come up with an innovative way to increase the height of the building. That's when the idea of adding mooring masts to the top of the building came into being, and the real problem arose. When constructing this mooring mast, the docking of the spaceship added enormous stress to the building's frame. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and reinforced to accommodate this new situation. (@NUM1 paragraph)" Architects will add @NUM2 dollar modifications to the frame to stabilize it. After the building is able to accommodate the airship, there will be security issues. First, the spacecraft is filled with extremely flammable hydrogen. After the disaster in New Jersey, they didn't want to take the risk. Next, with the wind above the building, the airflow will cause the airship to move violently. The increase in weight used in other situations is not possible because they would hang high above pedestrians. Finally, they are existing airships that cannot fly too low in urban areas. This would obviously violate. Having overcome all these obstacles, the idea of docking the spacecraft on this mast was quickly abandoned.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, the building frame must be strengthened. "The weight of the airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building." This means that the frame of the building has to be modified, which costs @NUM1 dollars. Next, it turns out that docking an airship on a gorgeous skyscraper is dangerous. After the Hindenburg caught fire, "the owners of @ORGANIZATION2 realized that the situation could have been worse if the incident had occurred over a populated area." There were many regulations at the time prohibiting airships from flying low over urban areas in response to this danger. In the end, the biggest obstacle engineers try to overcome is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building made it almost impossible for the spacecraft to land. Both Columbia and Los Angeles attempted to dock to the mast, but were unable to resist the wind. In short, the builders of the Empire State Building couldn't get ships to dock on their towers.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem they encountered was that when the spacecraft was parked on top of the building, it added stress to the building's frame. Builders would then have to "modify and strengthen the Empire State Building in light of this new situation." Another hurdle that builders have to face is that because the spacecraft uses hydrogen, it can be very flammable. Builders don't want "accidents" in densely populated areas like downtown New York. In the end, builders will have to face the obstacles of nature. With the wind so strong at the top of the building, it was neither safe nor practical to need to hold the airship behind to hang lead blocks over pedestrians in New York City. In the conclusion of @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts", builders encountered many obstacles in building the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had trouble trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Builders met with experts to better understand how the spacecraft works. He was also told the architects were unable to place mooring masts on top of the building due to the flat roof. Paragraph 9 states that a thousand-foot ship—secured by a cable tether increases the stress on the building’s frame. "Then the pressure goes all the way down to the building's foundation, nearly 1,100 feet below. The builders put in more than 60 feet. A thousand-dollar building remodel. After so much time and money, he was told the plan would have to fall through. The airship's biggest obstacle is wind, which can be a problem if it moves through the air. While that plan didn't work out, it's still 1,250 feet taller than the Chrysler Building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's historical article "Mooring the Mast," it is clear that the builders of the Empire State Building faced at least three obstacles in trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. These issues are the existing frame of the building, fire safety and nature itself. The plans for the Empire State Building did not intend to place mooring masts on the roof of the building. As a result, the architects had to change their entire plan: "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation," (par.@NUM1). This is a great difficulty. Another concern for foreign ships is that the gases used can cause fire safety and problems: "...ship owners...realize that the accident could be worse if it happened over a populated area,"( par.@NUM2). Bypassing fire hazards is impossible. Finally, as the article states, nature is the biggest obstacle to the mast. "Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast," (par.@NUM3). There was hardly a gust of wind on the mast. With the three hurdles above, the fate of the Empire State Building's mooring mast is grim. It will never do what Al Smith intended.
Lack of landing zone. Another obstacle facing the Empire State Building is that the fuselage of the spacecraft can sway. Another hurdle they faced was "the changing winds at the top of the building due to strong air currents." The airships flew very low over urban areas, a law against airships. @ORGANIZATION2 from Los Angeles couldn't keep the ship out of the wind. A lot of passengers were having problems with their transportation, so they stopped doing it.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author states that "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of @ORGANIZATION2 ing." This is true because it "adds stress to the building frame. The @NUM2 paragraph also states that "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. "There were strong air currents and the prospects for landing technology were not good. Builders had to be very careful because the idea of having a piece of airship at that altitude was neither practical nor safe.
In the excerpt "Mooring Masts", the builder faced a number of obstacles. The main issue that wasn't noticed until the very end; it's a huge security issue. The builders wanted the mooring mast to be the docking point for the country's and other countries' airships, blimps and zeppelins, but other countries use hydrogen, not helium; hydrogen is extremely flammable. A fire in a metropolis like New York would be catastrophic! Additionally, airships use large lead weights for weighing. Using them in a city overhanging pedestrians is neither practical nor safe.
The invention of mass at the top of the Empire State Building was an untapped idea that created a new form of transportation, but with many flaws. One hurdle the engineers faced was resting a thousand-foot spacecraft on a twelve-hundred-and-fifty-foot building, because the combined wind pressure would stress the structure of the building and cause it to collapse. This mode of transport is also extremely dangerous to the public, as many foreign airships "use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable (@NUM1 paragraph)." Not only that, but if the builder allows the airship to dock on the building, due to With vigorous airflow movement as described in paragraph @NUM2, the rear of the airship will rotate around the mooring mast. In paragraph @NUM3 it says that current law would prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal to dock a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building because the spaceship would be above the people, which is illegal. All these obstacles made transportation fail, so the use of masts disappeared.
The builders of the Empire State Building went through many difficult hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. One of the difficulties for builders is that the wind at the top of the building is always changing. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly transforming into violent air currents." This quote describes how bad the wind is and how it can make it difficult for builders to work. To get around this, builders can press lead in the back. But that would cause it to hang above pedestrians on the street, which is unsafe. "But using these at the Empire State Building, they'll hang above pedestrians on the street, and it's not safe." This quote explains how it's unsafe to use lead. Another problem is that it is illegal for an airship to fly too low into urban areas. "@CAPS1 Current law prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas." This quote explains the law on airships. Obviously, the builders have many difficult obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle was installing the mooring masts, which the architect could not simply place on the flat roof of the Empire State Building because the weight of the airship, which was tethered to the top by a single cable tether, would add stress to the frame. The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure is transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. Builders will have to modify and strengthen the building to suit the new conditions. Another hurdle they faced was cost, as more than $60,000 was required to make the proper modifications to the building's frame. Safety is also another major hurdle, and they have to make people safe because most spacecraft from other countries use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. The area is densely populated, and if an accident happens over the city, it will be even worse. The biggest obstacle is nature itself, but even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the boat will rotate, but the wind over the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents. An airship moored in an open landing field can be overwhelmed by heavy objects, but it is dangerous to use heavy objects to hang so high above pedestrians. The many obstacles were the actual reason they couldn't park at the Empire State Building. Current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas, and it is illegal to tie boats to buildings. These obstacles have long been faced when trying to allow docking.
Based on this excerpt, the builders had some problems building the Empire State Building. One problem is actually docking a zeppelin or spacecraft. The wind is ferocious at @NUM1 feet in the air. Another safety concern for builders. This is a fire safety concern since most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. This happened after the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey.
In @ORGANIZATION2's story "Mooring the Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building run into a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. Builders need more support for building frames. They had to spend over sixty thousand dollars to buy the right modifications. Lack of suitable landing zones. Airships have many obstacles. Builders need more support for the frame of the building. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame" (@ORGANIZATION2, para @NUM1). They had to spend over $60,000 for a modification to the pressure frame. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications must be made to the frame of the building" (@ORGANIZATION2, para @NUM1). Lack of suitable landing zones. “One barrier to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones” (@ORGANIZATION2, para 6). In @ORGANIZATION2's story "The Mooring Mast", this is how the Empire State Building builder building ran into a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles in allowing the ship to dock there. For example, "lack of suitable landing zones". Architects can't just put a mooring mast on the roof of the Empire State Building. The building will be under extreme stress. Additionally, with pressure, the airship "increases the pressure on the building frame". Builders needed to remodel and reinforce the steel frame of the Empire State Building. It also cost a lot of money. Also, "the biggest reason is security". The slightest mistake in building a mast can affect everyone in the building. In order for the ship to dock there, the builder needs to know all the citizens around the building. Taken together, these obstacles determine the fate of the mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, it is illegal to fly an aircraft too close to a city, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". Another obstacle is the structure of the building, which would be stressed if the airship were to dock, "which would increase the stress on the building's frame". The final hurdle is that when docked on the tower, the wind will push the airship in all directions "due to the strong airflow, the wind on the top of the building is constantly changing"
The mooring masts on the Empire State Building were built specifically for the docking of spaceships. Although the issue of allowing this to happen was not questioned when the mast was built, safety concerns were a major concern. Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. The news that the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire has the owners of the Empire State Building very concerned. They imagined it would be worse if a spaceship burned through buildings and densely populated parts of downtown New York. This led the Empire State Building's builders to reconsider allowing ships to dock on its mooring masts.
Throughout the story, workers at the Empire State Building encounter many obstacles trying to get the ship to dock there. The first hurdle they faced was trying to install a 100-foot maneuverable mooring on top of the building. This is held together by a cable tether, which adds stress to the building's frame. All of the ship's load and wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, but that was 1,110 feet below. Another hurdle is that the hydrogen in the spacecraft is highly flammable. If a ship is destroyed, it will kill a lot of people because the Empire State Building is located in the heart of New York City. The biggest obstacle is the constantly changing wind direction at the top of the building, making it difficult to land. The final hurdle is that it is illegal for airships to fly too low in urban areas.
The hurdle faced by the builder of the Empire State Building in trying to get the spaceship docked there was the realization that he was close to losing the title of the world's tallest building, and that some of his views were proven wrong. Another hurdle is trying to do everything he says on time. He needs to react more realistically than he wants to do. Most of the obstacles have to do with "nature itself". Like the wind that makes it spin.
In "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2, it explains how the development idea of landing an airship at the Empire State Building was ultimately rejected due to many obstacles. Engineer @CAPS2's first design flaw was that the ship would add stress to the building's frame. The mass size attached to the building by a cable tether will be @CAPS1 in the building foundation. Engineer @CAPS2 The biggest obstacle to allowing the ship to dock is safety. Using hydrogen, the spacecraft is highly flammable. This would create a dangerous situation in "populated areas such as downtown New York." The final hurdle for builders @CAPS2 is wind. The wind at that altitude is very strong. Chapter @NUM1 says, "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." This would create a dangerous situation for the passengers on board. In "Mooring Masts," it describes that it would be nearly impossible to land a spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building.
The mooring mast by @PERSON1 showcases the two main obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spaceship. The first problem is the uncontrollable factors of nature. High-velocity airflow causes "stern rotation around the mooring mast". If the spacecraft does not dock properly, the danger will be that it "hangs high above pedestrians in the street, [which is] neither practical nor safe". Another problem for builders is the law that already exists, which ensures that airships don't fly too low over the city. The authors note that "this law makes it illegal for ships to dock on the building or even approach the area." The Empire State Building's builders had to overcome mysterious problems due to nature and pre-existing legislatures.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few hurdles. One of the obstacles is the lack of suitable landing zones. The second hurdle is that in order to moor a thousand-foot spacecraft on top of the building, they will have to spend $60,000 to accommodate the new station. Another hurdle is that blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building or the Empire State Building, because current laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. There are three obstacles that make it difficult for the spacecraft to take over the future. That's why we have planes now.
Builders trying to get their ships docked on the mast of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. One reason is that mounting a massive airship on top of a building would add undue stress. Lusted explained, "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building... would add stress to the frame of the building." @CAPS1, a lot of modification to the frame of the structure is required. Another obstacle is nature. Wind currents will push the ship around and it will be very unsafe. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." This would make it unsafe for passengers to get on and off the airship. There is also an effective law that prohibits "airships from flying too low in urban areas". These obstacles prevented builders from safely devising a way to dock the spacecraft.
Allowing a spaceship inventory at the Empire State Building was impossible due to the hurdles faced by the architects. First, nature is against builders. Strong winds at the top of the building are constantly changing, posing a threat to the airship. Mooring the ship would result in heavy objects being impossible as they pose a danger to pedestrians. Another hurdle is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for ships to dock at the Empire State Building. The final hurdle is that the airship could have accidentally ignited and landed in New York. The destruction of the Hindenburg made it clear that the Empire State Building could not possibly have a ship dock.
The architects of the Empire State Building faced many problems trying to install the landing gear on the mast mooring. There are a number of safety issues that are addressed by landing craft or buildings on airships. People in densely populated areas, such as New York City, weren't the safest place to land an airship when the German airship Hindenburg had been burned on May 6, 1937," the Empire State Building owners realized how much worse it was Accidents would have taken place above densely populated areas such as dowtown New York.” They can't take this risk. Therefore, the competition area for the landing gear was cancelled. Another major reason is wind currents at the top of the Empire State Building. It turns out that it is very difficult to keep an airship level at high altitudes, "in the wind on top of the building constantly steered by the violent air flow, even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will turn around, at the mooring. around the mast." This could cause the airship to detach, hit buildings, etc. That's why landing an airship at the Empire State Building would be dangerous and difficult.
In this "Mooring Mast" excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1, workers and builders attempt to build a docking area for an airship (airship). In doing so, they @CAPS1 ran into a lot of hurdles. First, the obstacle is the lack of a suitable landing zone. They really should have considered making it bigger in the first place. The workers did the work, but not enough. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. If they're good builders and know what they're doing, they'll know how to get higher and higher. Bacalily should think more about it. Finally, there are laws that prohibit airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. It should be checked whether there is a law; besides, all this is in vain. All these hurdles for workers and builders @CAPS2 are avoidable so no money and time is wasted.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the Empire State Building's builders ran into a snag when trying to get their spaceship docked here. An example of this is "the barrier to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones". This suggests that the mooring mast will be a problem as it lacks a suitable landing area, which means it will be difficult to land and not suitable for docking. Another example is "a thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame." This suggests that the building is not stable enough to land a final example "successfully used moorings The biggest obstacle to the mast is nature itself." This indicates that the weather can change, and it can affect its landing. These examples show the hurdles faced by builders in this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts".
There are many obstacles to using masts on the Empire State Building for airships. Fierce winds, lots of structural support and anti-low-flying aircraft regulations made it unusable. High winds can spin the rear of the plane, so the entire airship revolves around the spire, a very dangerous structural support. However, the main point of interference is that "current law prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. This would make it illegal for ships to park on buildings or even approach the area". These things inevitably render the mast unusable.
The hurdle for builders trying to get a spaceship or "airship" to dock on the Empire State Building is nature itself. Naturally, the reason for the obstacle that the airship rests on the building is that the wind current moves the end of the airship. If the airship moves with the wind as passengers get in and out, it can easily fall off. Another hurdle for builders when docking an airship is the plumb bob that hangs from the end of the airship. These weights are used to prevent the airship from changing direction due to wind currents, but this is a safety concern for pedestrians on the street. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 of Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "The Mooring Mast" it cites "...use these at the Empire State Building, they will hang above pedestrians in the street, neither practical nor safe" . This sentence proves that it is dangerous to put heavy objects behind the airship. If they come off a bit, someone could get really hurt on the street.
Building the dock for the spaceship to land on the Empire State Building was a real challenge for Al Smith. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened because the ship's load and wind pressure would put too much stress on the building's frame. These airships are highly flammable and pose a huge safety risk to workers in the building and people on the street. The movement of the spacecraft could not be monitored due to the violent airflow on top of the building. The main reason why airship docks don't work is because of laws against airships. The law does not allow airships to fly at low altitudes over urban areas. The invention of the spaceship dock on the Empire State Building was impractical and unsafe.
In "@CAPS1 Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. This made the project difficult to implement. Workers face safety concerns due to chemicals and certain gases "Most durable goods from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." (Amidon Lüsted ¶ @NUM1 lines @NUM2 + @NUM3) “The Empire State Building owners realized that the situation could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York.” (Amidon Lüsted ¶ @NUM1 line @NUM5). The biggest obstacle to their successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. "Winds at the top of the building are constantly changing due to strong air currents. In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "@CAPS1 Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles beyond their control.
Some of the obstacles that empire builders faced when creating the Empire State Building was having to deal with all the fast winds. The reason for this is because the giant needles built on the roof are waving back and forth. This makes it harder to keep in place. Another hurdle is that @CAPS1 takes the airship or blimp to the giant needle. It will slam the airship. There is only cotton fabric there.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle for builders is that the craft is too large and can be dangerous. "A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." This suggests that building the mast will be harder than expected. Another hurdle for builders is having to retrofit buildings. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." The biggest hurdle for builders was that it was not safe. "Most craft other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" some hurdles for @CAPS1 builders
In @ORGANIZATION2's short story "The Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. For example, they need a suitable landing zone, which is not something they can easily do. They needed to put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, but the architects couldn't do it without a problem. It took a lot of work. @CAPS1 said: "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." @CAPS2 They have an idea to add to make it work, stress the building and take it down. Wind pressure also plays a big role in this. The wind made it difficult for the spacecraft to remain stable. They want to add weight to hold it down, but that's not good for the person below. @CAPS1 said: "It's possible to hold down with plumb bobs in the back, but with these plumb bobs at the Empire State Building, they'll hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe. They face a lot of problems.
The dream of aviation pioneers to travel by airship was an elusive dream. Architects and engineers trying to build the mooring mast had high hopes, including a meeting with the president. "Fixed by a single cable tether" would not be stable enough to mount an airship because the building frame would be under too much stress. If they were to do so, the Empire State Building would have to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate the ship's new location. But instead, the architects specified a "shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower" and then designed the mooring masts. However, the roof must be completed before the mooring mast can be installed in most of its position, the main problem with mooring masts is nature. Due to the wind, nature can easily mess up the mooring masts, which can cause the ship to move. Also due to the "law that prohibits airships from flying too low," the airship would also violate that law. The whole attempt to make a mooring mast gradually deteriorated due to all the obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of trouble trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, they have to consult an expert to see if the equipment is safe enough. They toured the equipment and mooring operations at @ORGANIZATION2 in Lakehurst, NJ. Next, they had a hard time getting the mooring mast onto the flat roof of the Empire State Building. They will have to make modifications to our @MONEY1 to strengthen the frame of the building. That wouldn't happen to them in the first place, because the hydrogen in the spacecraft is highly flammable because of safety concerns. The biggest problem, though, is nature. The wind on the top of the building made the work very difficult and very violent.
Builders encountered many obstacles on the way to completing their ship docking concept. A major problem is that most of the world's airships use hydrogen, which is highly flammable, making things very dangerous at such altitudes. The biggest obstacle to its success is nature itself. The wind direction in which the docking takes place is constantly changing, which will make the stability of the airship very difficult, with the rear end away from the tower. Another reason this won't work is that an existing law prohibits aerial vessels from flying such low altitudes in urban areas.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were all due to the addition of mooring masts. First, the architects had to modify the steel frame of the Empire State Building. Architects know that large moorings cannot simply be placed on the flat roof of a building. Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains: "A 100-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, adds stress to the building's frame". (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Since, the building needs to adapt to this situation, they spent more than @MONEY1 modifying the framework. Another hurdle the Empire State Building's builders had to face was the safety of the new mooring masts. These safety concerns stem from the destruction of the German airship Hindenburg by firs in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Because the U.S. uses hydrogen instead of helium, the risk is higher. Helium is more flammable. Lüsted wrote: “The Empire State Building owners realized how bad things could get if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York.” (Lüsted @NUM2). The Empire State Building is just an impractical airship dock. Eventually by the late 1930s, it was determined that the mooring mass would fail its purpose, as airships had now given way to aircraft.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when they tried to get the spaceship docked there. What's more, they can't just throw away the mooring mast construction and hope for the best atop it. The mast will also factor in a substantial increase in the stress of airship loads and wind pressure within the frame, and the frame will need to be modified and strengthened. Security is also a key issue builders come across. Most spaceships are highly flammable, and having them fly over such a densely populated city would be impractical for New York. As well as their flammable properties there are also laws against flying ships too low in urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal to tie up and even approach the building. The last obstacle builder to run into is the wind. The wind at this altitude is constantly changing due to strong currents. Others believe that the wind blows the ship into the fear of the sharp spires of another building. Including hurdles and loss of interest on the spacecraft was what led to the project being discontinued.
New technologies, especially in aviation, require a lot of work, so there are many hurdles to overcome. For the mooring mast on the Empire State Building to be successful, builders need to know how to keep the airship on the building and be able to get passengers on and off. A quote in the text supporting this is "The addition of a mooring mast to the top of the building would allow the craft to park there for hours for refueling or service, and to allow passengers to disembark and disembark". (6). But passengers aren't the only hurdle builders have to overcome. The ships put too much pressure on the buildings, which meant they also had to retrofit the actual buildings. The text supports this, "The steel frame of the Empire State Building must be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." (@NUM1). However, even with all these modifications, the mooring mast was doomed for reasons beyond repair by the builders.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a snag because the spaceship was to be docked there. The first hurdle is safety, as most ships from outside @LOCATION3 are filled with hydrogen, which is very flammable compared to helium. The builders were concerned because on May 6, 1937, the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey because it was full of hydrogen. The second obstacle is nature: "The wind...constantly changes due to violent airflow. Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast" (paragraph @NUM1). That means passengers can't get out of the vehicle safely, and the airship could hit anything nearby if it flies in the wrong direction. The final hurdle is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas, meaning it is illegal for ships to dock in buildings or approach the area. So, the builders of the Empire State Building tried to get the spaceship docked there, and they came up with a number of obstacles, as shown in the excerpt "Mooring Masts."
The Empire State Building's builders faced a number of hurdles in allowing the spacecraft to park, including the frame of the building and the height of the building and where passengers would land and dock. The frame of the building is important because if a thousand-foot ship is moored on top of the building, it can stress the structure and frame of the building and transfer it all to the base of the building. Changes in wind pressure and direction also push the ship, adding more pressure to buildings***. The building was originally designed to be @NUM1 floors, but in order for the spacecraft to dock there, loading and unloading passengers required more rooms and higher heights. The building required an observation room and a boarding area. When the building was redesigned, the building reached the 102nd floor, and on the 101st floor, it is an observation room that doubles as a boarding area. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in designing a design that would allow airships to be parked. Roofs include adding height to the building. The most important issue, however, was the frame of the building. It needed to be reinforced, which would allow the ship to be moored on top without affecting the structure of the building.
Competing architect Al Smith wanted the Empire State Building to be the tallest and most unique building. "They say their tops will serve a higher mission" (@NUM1). The building is supporting the transport era of airships. Al Smith commented: "It's on the level, okay. No kidding. We're working on it now" (@NUM2). In effect, the architects turned a blind eye to potential problems with the mast. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. An important reason is safety. If any craft from outside the U.S. ever used the mast, it could be highly flammable due to the use of hydrogen gas instead of helium. Another reason is nature itself. The shifting of the wind due to the violent draft makes it dangerous as the rear of the boat twists around the mooring mast. On top of that, current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law would then prohibit tying boats to buildings. By the late 1930s, airships were not the transportation of the future, giving way to airplanes.
According to the excerpt, the builder faces a number of difficult tasks. The builder must ensure that the mooring mast is stable enough to dock there. They also had to add more floors to the Empire State Building, because the original Chrysler Building was still the tallest building with an additional 46 feet. Architects must now have 85 floors plus the mooring masts, which brings the Empire State Building's total height to 1,250 feet. The mooring mast failed because the craft was highly flammable, which would be tragic in a populated area like New York. Nature itself is accompanied by the wind which is a violent air current. This will cause the rear of the airship to move around the mooring mast.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the safety of people on the street. In the excerpt from paragraph @NUM1, it clearly states that it is dangerous because the ship is on fire, "would be worse if it happened over a populated area". Another hurdle is a law in paragraph @NUM2 that states "There is an existing law that prohibits aviation ships that fly too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit ships from docking under construction or even close to the area. Biggest hurdle It's nature itself, as stated in paragraph @NUM3. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. "@CAPS1 The wind will spin the ship and around the mooring mast. An idea arose in the plan, saying "airships moored in an open landing pad can be weighed down in the back with lead weights," @CAPS1 Why not at the Empire State Building? Safe? Is the reason, because the weight of the building will hang over the heads of people in the street, it is not safe, and the flyers near the building will worry that the wind will blow the airship to the spires of other buildings in the area, which is not safe.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was the fact that the spacecraft used different gases to keep them aloft. As stated in paragraph 6, the first hurdle the builders faced when trying to dock the spacecraft at the Empire State Building was "their extended use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing zone." In paragraph @NUM1, it states, If the mooring mast were dropped to the roof of the building, and a single cable tether would add stress to the building, and the stress would cause them to have to modify the building and frame, it would cost over sixty thousand dollars. In other words, most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. Also in paragraph @NUM2, the mooring mast itself is nature. Wind causes constant changes in airflow. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the building. Architects can't just put mooring masts on the flat roof of a building. "The ship will be attached to the building by a cable tether, which will increase the stress on the building's frame." (Lüsted @NUM1) Stresses from the ship's loads and wind pressure must be transferred down to the foundation. "The building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." (Lüsted @NUM1) "More than sixty thousand dollars in modifications had to be made." (Lüsted @NUM1) The building is entirely built around the moorings mast construction. The new modifications are only intended to support the airship itself, not other factors such as natural winds.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced many difficulties when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In every building or project, it must be determined that it is safe for everyone and that there is no risk of injury. "The biggest reason is safety. Most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." Airships, or airships, were generally not safe at the time. If one burns down in the middle of the country, the death toll and the cost of repairing the damage won't be as much as it would be in downtown New York. One, if not the biggest, challenge to the builders of the Empire State Building is that landing a flammable airship in the center of the city is a safety hazard that could kill many people and destroy parts of the city.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2, the Empire State Building encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1 under "The Fate of the Mast", the first line says "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. Strong winds due to strong air currents can prevent the ship from docking at the Empire State Building. Blowing from the mast to New York City. In the @NUM2 paragraph under "The Fate of the Mast", there is a line that says "Another practical reason why airships cannot be parked at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. "The law makes it illegal for airships and other aircraft to fly even in urban areas like New York. The final hurdle is a safety precaution. In paragraph @NUM3, a line states, "Most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen and Not helium. "If the ship crashed and it had this highly flammable gas, it would be a huge disaster. Strong winds, legal and safety precautions against docking the airship on the mooring mast.
When designing the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to dock the airship, the builders ran into a few hurdles. An airship is an airship filled with hydrogen and/or helium that gently holds it in the air. The builders didn't realize in advance that hydrogen was a highly flammable gas. If it moved around and docked on top of a building, it could easily catch fire, causing the entire building itself to explode. Another obstacle that builders noticed was strong winds. The airship dock is so high in the air that it provides a precarious way for people to get off. Vicious winds would make the ship's return swing around the mooring mast, because only the front would be dragged. The last hurdle to be found with the docking spacecraft, was that it would be too low to downtown. The craft is too close to walking pedestrians, creating an unsafe environment if things go wrong. Without taking such an opportunity, attendees agreed that there were too many obstacles; therefore, the idea of docking the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building was scrapped.
When building the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the hurdles they faced was having to make changes to the building's steel framing to be able to "adapt to the new situation. In the @NUM1 paragraph @CAPS2 said "over $60,000 worth of retrofits had to be made into the building's frame" , @CAPS1 This is also an expensive project. Excerpt also @CAPS2, there is a problem with keeping the airship in place without moving. The airship will be in a windy area and there is just a connection to a building A string that will move the back all over the place.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," builders faced safety, natural and legal hurdles when trying to dock their craft atop the Empire State Building. First, it's not safe. In the excerpt, "Most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen, not helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." In a densely populated area like New York, they couldn't risk setting the craft on fire and causing massive chaos. Second, naturally disagree. In the excerpt, it says: "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." Due to the New York wind, the airship Not well anchored, many ships will be destroyed rather than anchored in place. Finally, there are legal reasons. An excerpt from it explains: "Another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low in urban areas." This is the most important reason. They could have ventured on other theories, but in this one they had no choice. They can't break the law by flying the ship that low. All in all, the hurdles faced by builders of safety, nature and law are insurmountable to get the mast up and to work.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when docking airships, one of the most obvious being the danger of docking at such a high altitude. If an accident happens like a fire, the entire region is at risk. The modifications made to the building itself are large enough to not require any additional work. The most important reason is mobility. The strong winds made it difficult, almost impossible, to control the airship, let alone dock it. @ORGANIZATION2 The law even prohibits any type of plane from flying so low.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few hurdles to get the ship to dock there. Safety is the main focus because New York is a densely populated area and many airships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. One problem was that the builders thought the airship would be suspended from a rope, which would add stress to the frame, so they would need to adjust the building and strengthen the frame. It cost more than $60,000 to adjust. After that was dealt with, the builder had other problems. Another problem for the builders is that because the building is located in a densely populated area, many pedestrians walk, below where the airship is docked. The wind at the top will cause the airships to fly around and lead weights cannot be used as they are at risk of falling
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1, "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. One snag came when al Smith realized he was close to winning the world's tallest building. It talks about it in paragraph @NUM1. He then announced that the building would reach 1,250 feet. It's a hurdle because without buildings he can't build ships and he always wants to compete, so his buildings have to be winning and he has to build ships.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced the problem of keeping the spaceship docked there. Some of the problems are that most airships from other countries are filled with highly flammable hydrogen, and the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents and can cause the airship to wrap around the building. Another @CAPS1 facing builders is the current law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas, which would make it illegal for airships to even approach buildings. They also had to spend @MONEY1 to upgrade the frame so it wouldn't put too much pressure on the top of the building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Masts, architects and builders must overcome very large obstacles while trying to make this plan for docking an airship work. "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. .” This huge airship is in the air, and the wind blowing can damage the structure of the building. "The airship's load and stress from wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly 1,110 feet below. " With all the wind, the airship will be pulling back and forth over the building. “The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The building’s frame had to be remodeled in excess of $60,000.” @CAPS1 To build a docking station, an architect would have to remodel the entire building’s framing structure.
There are many obstacles to getting a ship to dock at the Empire State Building. One obstacle to their widespread use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Some ships are a thousand feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City. Another hurdle was that they couldn't drop the mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. This can add stress to the building frame and the ships anchored on it.
Workers at the Empire @CAPS1 building encountered a number of hurdles in allowing the ship to dock. Workers have had big problems docking over big cities. Furthermore, the realities of construction and location are issues for the future of workers. Overall, the process was a troubling challenge. It's not very safe to fly a large plane with passengers over a big city. A huge concern is that other spacecraft use hydrogen, "which is highly flammable." The possibility of fires in cities is a risk they cannot face. The law doesn't even allow ships to dock near the Empire State Building. When it comes to construction and site selection, workers have to face reality. The mast was so high that the spacecraft could not dock due to "violent air currents." Some airships don't even have proper "moorings" installed. The project is generally impractical, and thus presents a huge challenge for workers docking the spacecraft.
The builders ran into a tough hurdle as they tried @CAPS2 an overall @CAPS3 build in @CAPS1. and try to compete. Ships are the @CAPS3 part of building the Empire State Building as they face difficulties like @CAPS5, @CAPS6, Height and ext. These are @CAPS7. Some Dirigibles on @CAPS8's Dirigibles are not heavy @CAPS9 they @CAPS10't @CAPS8 and it's made from lightweight materials. These are the reasons why this happens.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were nature and safety. Security played an important role in the construction of the Empire State Building. Two major safety concerns are getting passengers on and off airships safely and the substances they hold. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable," (@NUM1 paragraph). The next hurdle for builders is nature. Due to the violent airflow, the wind speed changes, causing the airship to spin. "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast," (paragraph @NUM2). Because of nature and safety concerns, the builders of the Empire State Building faced hurdles in getting the spaceship docked there.
Builders faced hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. One obstacle they faced was strong winds. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This will cause the stern to rotate around the mast. Another obstacle is the extra pressure placed on the building's foundation. As stated in paragraph @NUM2, "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate...". The third hurdle for builders in this matter is the risk of fire, and the possibility of endangering people below, which is discussed in paragraph @NUM3. The final hurdle for builders is "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM4). These are just some of the many major hurdles facing builders trying to dock their spacecraft on top of what was then the world's tallest building.
The builders of the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there. However, this task is not so easy. The builders of the Empire State Building couldn't just put the mooring masts on the flat roof, because they had to consider how the size of the ship would be affected. "Architects can't put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long ship is moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame" (p. @NUM1 ). Moreover, the stress of the spacecraft load and wind pressure is also difficult to transmit. "The stress of ship loads and wind pressure is to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly 1,110 feet underground. . The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation" (@NUM1 paragraph) . The cost of improving the building's framing is also a hurdle. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications must be made to the frame of the building" (paragraph @NUM1).
The hurdle the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there was that they had to make the Empire State Building taller. The builders added a mooring mast to the top of the building to allow the airship to anchor for refueling or repairs within a few hours, and to allow passengers to disembark and disembark. The craft is docked, which means an electric winch is pulled in a line from the front of the boat and tied to the mast. The architects designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel that can be illuminated from within. The roof must be completed before the frame of the mooring mast is completed. Everything went according to the plan the builders wanted.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. They also couldn't be attached to the back of the airship, and with the wind so high, it wasn't safe for passengers to get on and off. The building also had to be rebuilt to be stable with the ship attached. Lastly is the difference in the gas used to keep the airship afloat. Most ships other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and very unsafe. These are some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when it came to getting their ships docked there.
They faced challenges, such as how to get the ship to anchor to the building. There is really no safe way to do this. They also say that the gas that keeps it afloat is highly flammable. So it's like a big security issue. In fact, they eventually realized it was too dangerous for them. If they take their chances and something goes wrong, innocent people could die.
Ships have @NUM1 obstacles to face, they have the potential for fire, explosions and legal chaos. They were worried that the spacecraft would catch fire because it had hydrogen, which was quite flammable. They didn't want to have anything to do with the May 6, 1937 accident in Lakehurst, NJ. At the same time, it is also worried that it will attract more attention. Because the wind might blow its chores into another building with a sharp top, possibly bursting the balloon. If there is a large population in downtown New York, there are fears that this will happen. The other biggest problem is that the Empire State Building wants a law to let planes fly low in urban areas so they don't have a chance to do what they plan to do.
The biggest hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spaceship. This is "the wind on top of the building is changing due to strong air currents." Because of the wind current, the airship will not be able to stay still to allow passengers to disembark from the airship. They have tried this before. "Dec 1930 @ORGANIZATION2 Los Angeles craft approached the mooring mast but couldn't get close enough to tie down the base of strong winds." If the wind blue is strong, it can @CAPS1 turn the craft into a sharp object . After this, there was one; "This building is an existing low-flying vehicle that prevents airships from flying too low over urban areas." "It would make it illegal to have a boat strapped to a building." @ CAPS2 Because of this new law, no airship can tie up buildings. The biggest obstacle is the wind. The wind is because it puts tremor pressure on the building.
The Empire State Building's builders faced more problems than expected. The first problem they faced was that the frame of the building could not support the huge ship. "The pressure of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building... More than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame must be done" (@NUM1). Builders were forced to modify the framework, which cost a lot of money and proved to be a major obstacle. Another hurdle for builders is naturally induced wind. "Wind changes on top of buildings due to strong air currents." (@NUM1). These winds can rotate the rear of the airship around the mooring mast, making getting on and off the airship extremely difficult or dangerous. Finally, builders face legal issues that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. "This law will prohibit boats from docking at buildings or even approaching the area" (@NUM3). The builders realized that if the vessel could not even legally get close to the building, the obstacle was too large for the mooring masts to work. After realizing all the problems and dangers associated with the idea, they decided that the mooring mast would never be successful.
Airships are hailed as the transportation of the future. They are much better than balloons. In New York City, airships lack suitable landing zones. Now that's a good idea for the Empire State Building. Landing on a building would allow the spacecraft to park there for several hours for refueling or other services. Architects can't just place a mooring mast on top of a building. The ship is a thousand feet long. It can add stress to the frame of the building. Engineers quickly designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. There are four wings at the corners of the mast. The building now has 102 floors. Levels NUM1 and 102 are observation areas that double as boarding areas for spacecraft passengers. Two months later, workers celebrated framing the entire building. Now people have lost hope. That's because the Empire State Building's mooring mast never served its purpose. This is neither safe nor practical. Builders face many obstacles.
There are many obstacles to transforming the mast of the Empire State Building into a spaceship dock. There are obstacles such as flammable gas in the spacecraft, and it is dangerous to be close to densely populated areas. The airflow changes with the wind direction and can hang over pedestrians. These obstacles are difficult to resolve. The spacecraft is filled with hydrogen, which is highly flammable if the spacecraft catches fire. It's also dangerous above a very populated area, because if the ship malfunctions, it will fall on innocent bystanders. It's also dangerous because the wind can vary so much that it can be ejected by other objects or buildings around the airship. Hence why it is so difficult to turn a mast into a loading and unloading platform for an airship. Turning the mast of the Empire State Building into a loading dock for an airship is very difficult because it is not safe.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles in order to get the spacecraft to dock there. Security is a big issue. Foreign spacecraft often use hydrogen to maintain high altitudes, which is highly flammable. In a densely populated area like New York City, fires pose a dangerous threat. Another huge obstacle was high winds high up on the mooring masts, which prevented the craft from staying in one place. This will make it extremely difficult for passengers to safely board or leave the zeppelin. One solution to this problem is to use lead weights to hold down the airship, but this is also a dangerous practice as the weights can fall to the ground and crush those who pass by. Although a mooring mast is a useful idea in theory, it is neither safe nor practical.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. As mentioned earlier, the frame of the building had to be modified to strengthen and adapt to the new situation. Another huge obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. "Winds at the top of the building are changing the consulate due to strong drafts." This would make the airship spin any air over pedestrians, which is neither practical nor safe. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles during the project, which unfortunately led to the well-known fact that the Empire State Building would never achieve its purpose.
Some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there was that the architects couldn't simply place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. They will also remodel and reinforce the steel frame of the Empire State Building, and it will all be worth a $60,000 remodel. The engineers had to try to come up with a workable arrangement, and government personnel in Washington were also trying to figure out how to moor the airship to the mast. The idea is neither practical nor safe, because all of these things would hang high above the heads of pedestrians in the street. It may also never happen, as existing laws prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. These are some of the hurdles the builders encountered when trying to get the spacecraft to dock over the Empire State Building.
Builders and architects faced several different obstacles and dilemmas that interfered with the construction of the Empire State Building. One of them is the capital necessary to produce such a massive structure. They find themselves constructing and rebuilding the framework of the structure time and time again, all in feeble attempts to achieve ideal perfection. Another obstacle occurred when their entire concept was shattered by the fact that not all craft intended to land on the mast were fueled by helium. The text reads: "Most video games from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This showed the seriousness of the idea and could not take such a risk, so they abandoned the idea of mooring masts.
In the excerpt from "Mooring Masts", it shows that it is not easy to make an airship a safe docking station. One struggle faced during this period was that airships from other countries were made with highly flammable hydrogen. That means if it's exposed to fire, it will instantly catch fire over the world's most populous city. Another problem facing the top of the Empire State Building is air volume. In such winds, it is difficult for the pilot of the airship to steer. The wind would turn them over and the pilots couldn't take their hands off the geers. These are just two of the many struggles pilots and architects have to face when docking their airships to the mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building @CAPS1 threw many hurdles. They consulted experts, who toured the US Naval Air Station's equipment and mooring operations. The builder also had to meet the president of an established airship transport company.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few obstacles when it came to having a spaceship docked. For example, one obstacle is landing. New York lacks an airship-friendly landing zone. Architects can't just put a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. In addition, security is also an issue. A German spaceship was destroyed by fire. The owners of the Empire State Building realized the accident could get worse, especially in New York. Even nature is an obstacle. The wind is constantly changing on top of the building. As a result, lead weights are used in unsafe airships because they hang over pedestrians. There is a law that says airships cannot fly too low over urban areas.
According to The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the Empire State Building faces many obstacles. Three main reasons for @CAPS1. SB was not used for the purpose for which it was built. The purpose of @CAPS1.SB is to allow the ship to stop and refuel. Dirigibles is an old word for Blimps. The hurdles that @CAPS1.SB have to overcome are modification, nature and law. They must pay @MONEY1 for modifications to the framework's @CAPS1.SB. The second is nature, the wind will move the back of the airship and they want to put heavy things on the back, but it's not safe. Last but not least the law says airships can't be as low as @CAPS1.SB because it's too low for them to fly low over urban areas.
According to @ORGANIZATION2's article "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the airship to dock there, including the building's overall structure from the pressure of the airship, safety concerns, and natural influences. First, the weight of the ship, combined with the wind pressure around the building, put too much pressure on the frame of the building. The steel frame of the building had to be reinforced and modified in order for the ship to rest on it. This renovation and enhancement of the construction process will require an investment of more than $60,000. Second, safety concerns arose after being overlooked before the construction process began. Most spacecraft used outside the United States contain hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, rather than helium. This was a serious problem for the German spacecraft called the Hindenburg, which was destroyed by fire in New Jersey in 1937. @ORGANIZATION2 wrote: "Owners of the Empire State Building realize it could get worse if an accident happens on it. Densely populated area like Downtown NYC" (@ORGANIZATION2 @NUM1). This is the main obstacle along with the wind factor. The changing winds on top of the building made it impossible to place lead blocks on the ship to stop it from moving, as it posed a serious threat to pedestrians below. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles that prevented them from becoming a landing site for their spaceships.
Architects and engineers encountered many hurdles when designing a spaceship that would dock on top of the Empire State Building. With such a large project, these obstacles came naturally. The first obstacle is purely architectural. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building ... would add stress to the building's frame." Architects would have to redesign the building's frame to allow the building to last. Two other obstacles should have been removed from the start; first, naturally. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." Now, the pier is not only difficult to reach, it is also extremely unsafe. The last hurdle is insurmountable and illegal anyway if an architect or engineer has tried it. "...current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" would also limit the project, effectively halting it entirely. Clearly, some important determinants were overlooked when designing the moor. @ORGANIZATION2's competitive attitude contributed to this, but "the mooring mast... was never meant to fulfill its purpose."
In the excerpt, the mooring mast of the @ORGANIZATION1 building ran into a snag while trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that it can add stress to the frame of the building. To withstand the pressure, $60,000 worth of modifications were required, and reinforcements had to be made. Another hurdle is that ships from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, which is flammable. If something happened in New York like the Hindenburg in Germany was destroyed by fire, the consequences would be even worse. Also, the wind can be a hindrance. This will cause the stern to rotate around the mooring mast. One of the most overlooked hurdles is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas, and it is illegal for blimps to even be strapped to buildings. Obviously, there were a lot of obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One hurdle is overcoming the extra stress that a docked ship would add. In an excerpt from "Mooring Masts," author Marcia Amidon Lüsted states that "the pressure of airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building..." Another obstacle for builders is the impact of bad weather at the top building. "Even if the ship was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would spin and break the mooring mast," Lüsted said. This was a problem because it would send passengers off the airship and off the ramp attached to the Empire State Building. unsafe. The wind also made it difficult for the craft to navigate to the mooring masts without being blown into other buildings in the area. One of the biggest hurdles was making the mooring masts safe. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable," Lünden said. If a spacecraft catches fire in a populated area like New York, the casualties would be enormous. These are some of the many hurdles builders face when trying to build a mooring mast at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of trouble and confusion trying to get the spaceship docked there. This has never been done before @CAPS1, they don't know what to expect except for the mooring mast. At first, Al Smith and his builders thought it was a fantastic idea, the technology of the future, but things weren't that easy. They had a complicated problem in @ORGANIZATION1, where research was done on the spacecraft. It's a complicated process because it's where @CAPS1 is on top and involves a lot of practice. Next is the renovation of the building, which is not strong enough to accommodate the change in the value of @MONEY1 that @CAPS1 made. They finally realized it was an unsafe idea and that highly flammable helium wouldn't be great, @CAPS1 they went back to square 1. Then the government gave them a law that said airships could not fly at low altitudes in or over urban areas, as for tying them to the Empire State Building, it was illegal. The top floor becomes a soda fountain.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Most of the problems they encountered when designing the mast. They found they couldn't just drop a mooring mast on top of a 1,000-foot building. The building was not strong enough, so they had to reinforce the building with new steel frames. Then, builders also face safety concerns. At a thousand feet, the airflow is very violent. At the end of construction, it was quickly noticed that the spacecraft could not land on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of problems preventing the spacecraft from landing. Tethering an airship to the mast of a building is too dangerous for four main reasons. The first is that a ship moored to a building's mast "would add stress to the building's frame". However, this problem was quickly resolved as the steel frame was altered and it became strong enough to withstand the extra stress. Another reason the ship can't connect to the Empire State Building is that the ship is very flammable when using hydrogen. Obviously, if the spaceship caught fire in downtown New York, it would be too scary to take the risk. The airship also couldn't be attached to the mast because the wind on top of the building would cause the stern to "spin around the mooring mast", which was not safe. In the end, the ship was unable to moor at the Empire State Building because "the sharp spires of other buildings in the area [could] pierce the ship's hull". Airships can't fly so low without being a danger to people. The spaceship couldn't land on the Empire State Building because there were too many dangers.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in building the correct mooring masts for their airships, and hurdles regarding the safety of the people of the city. They also had to consider the weather and how it might affect the airship. Builders had to add more floors to the building and strengthen its foundations so that the mast could function properly and remain stable. They then ruled out the possibility of using heavy objects to hold the airship in place because of the people on the street below. Additionally, the chemicals in the airship are highly flammable and put those around them at risk. Sometimes the wind is so strong that the airship can't get close without getting pierced. Builders face insurmountable obstacles
According to the excerpt, the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building as they tried to dock the spaceship were a formidable challenge for them. For example, nature itself is one of the great challenges they face most often. At the top of the Empire State Building, the wind is constantly shifting and changing due to the violent air currents. Once the airship was attached to the building, the workers had to figure out a way to keep their airship from crashing into the building in the rusting wind on top of the building. So if the airship crashes anywhere on the ground it will explode into hell because the interior of the airship is full of hydrogen and helium so if it does crash it will generate heat and flames and that will come from the sparks it prevents because It crashed on the ground.
The obstacle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was the lack of a suitable landing area. They would "allow the spacecraft to park there for a few hours for refueling or service, and get passengers on and off". Also, "The ship was docked via winches, @CAPS1 that's what they did and faced docking there.
In @ORGANIZATION1 there were a number of issues during the build. The way it all @CAPS1 is that architect Al Smith wanted to build a building that was different, taller and more futuristic than the new Chrysler building. The first question they encountered was, what would such a large building be used for? There are many different ideas out there, but the idea that came to Al @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is traffic. The building could be used for a new type of transportation where people could board an airship "also known as an airship" at the very top of the building. The next question is whether it's safe to do that, since they won't have a big problem in central New York. The idea went to Washington for scrutiny, and it turned out not to be safe enough. Al Smith doesn't care, his building is the tallest.
The obstacle for the builders of the Empire State Building was nature itself.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The first problem they faced was security. Most spacecraft are fueled by highly flammable hydrogen. The Hindenburg disaster in New Jersey demonstrated this danger, and building owners did not want to face a similar accident in a densely populated place like New York. Another obstacle that came up was how high winds at such an altitude would rock the stern to and fro. Not only would this be a technical hassle, it would make getting passengers in and out of the spaceship nearly impossible, but it was also a terrifying experience for anyone on board. In addition, these boats cannot be weighed down with lead weights, as the risk of letting them hang over pedestrians is too great. The final hint is that if the blimp were parked at the Empire State Building, it would violate existing laws that prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. Because of this, it is illegal to dock a ship there, which obviously doesn't help the project. Ultimately, these obstacles are a key reason why this effort has failed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle was that they had to modify the steel frame of the entire building so that it could withstand the extra stress and stress of mooring the spacecraft on top of it. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation. Over $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the frame of the building." Another hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders was that the craft was very flammable, Because they are full of hydrogen. When the Hindenburg caught fire, the owners realized it might be a bad idea. If this happened at the Empire State Building, it would have extremely dire consequences. "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire... the owners of the Empire State Building realized that it could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." The biggest obstacle was nature itself. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents...the back of the boat will spin around the mooring mast." @CAPS1 are just three of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the craft docked there.
The builders of @CAPS1 faced many challenges during the construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building. If they just put a spire on top of the building. The weight of the ship can destroy it. The construction team needed to go back and reinforce the entire frame of the building. Other obstacles holding them back include low-flying aircraft laws, poor weather conditions, and safety (if the craft crashes over New York). For all these reasons, the mooring mast was doomed from the start.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Mast" passage, she talks about the obstacles she faced when trying to get a spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. The three main obstacles are safety, nature and existing laws. One of the biggest hurdles is because of security. Lüsted said, "...never fulfilled its purpose... The biggest reason is a safety: most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. " Because hydrogen is highly flammable, it cannot be safe. The building could catch fire, posing a danger to everyone. Second, nature itself has an effect on the spacecraft. "The biggest obstacle to successfully using mooring masts is nature itself," Lüsted said. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing because of the strong air currents." Wild air currents can't make airships appear on the Empire State Building, because you can't have strong air currents. airship. It's not safe. In the end, the law is a hurdle that builders have to face: Lüsted's knowledge is that "another practical lesson of why spaceships can't be parked at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas." For the construction of spaceships For others, the law is a huge obstacle. Because you can't build something without breaking the law. This is what prevents builders from building spaceships due to safety, nature and laws.
@CAPS1 The builders of the Empire State Building encountered high winds while trying to dock the spaceship there, and the building was difficult to support. Builders have a hard time getting buildings the way they want. They keep adding buildings and making them taller. The ship needs it to be bigger so they can see it. The problem is that it keeps breaking, otherwise something goes wrong. They continued to work on the building trying to get it right and still failed. They have to make their plans realistic, which is the main problem.
According to the excerpt, some of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced in getting things docked there were violations of airship, safety, and nature laws. There's a law that says planes can't fly that low. "This law will prohibit ships from being tied to buildings." It's also not safe due to the hydrogen in the ships. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Naturally, due to high winds, that's a factor. "Winds at the top of the building are constantly changing due to strong airflow." The Empire State Building never became a landing site for spacecraft due to obstacles engineers never imagined.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in allowing the Drigibles to dock there. One obstacle is the safety of New Yorkers. They could have used hydrogen, and the ship could catch fire and land in a bad place. As paragraph @NUM1 says, "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if they were tethered to the mast, the rear of the boat would rotate around the mast. Another is that the law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The idea of using a mooring mast has quietly disappeared.
Builders encountered many obstacles when trying to add a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building. As mentioned in paragraph 14, nature is the biggest obstacle facing builders. "Strong draughts" can cause the airship to move around the mooring mast, even when it's tethered. Another hurdle faced was that the architects couldn't just add mooring masts to the top of the building; more than $60,000 worth of modifications were made to the building's frame. Finally, as mentioned in paragraph 13, most craft other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, even though it is flammable. The owner of the building was aware of the danger when the German spacecraft Hindenburg caught fire.
Builders face many obstacles. They couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the flat surface of the Empire State Building, which required a lot of stress and hard work. The craft is held in place by a cable tether, and the craft is about a thousand feet long. This makes the builders very nervous and makes them think clearly and carefully about wind pressure and airship loads.
There were some issues with the spaceship docked on the Empire State Building. One problem is the foundation. If the airship lands on a building, it causes tension on the building's foundation, which @CAPS1 squashes. The architect needed to make adjustments to the Foundation in order for the ship to land. Another issue is how the boat is docked. This will be a hazard when the boat is docked as it will rock back and forth around the mast. Cause damage or injury to New Yorkers.
There were many obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building. One of the obstacles is the wind current on the top of the building. They are uncontrollable, powerful and unexpected. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it explains how a USN ship tried to dock but couldn't due to wind, "USN ship Los Angeles approached mooring mast but couldn't due to strong wind to tie down" (Lüsted) @CAPS2 Wind is a problem. Another issue is the law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. Not only is the idea dangerous, it's illegal. On May 6, 1937, a German spacecraft called the Hindenburg exploded in Lakehurst, New Jersey. This is due to the flammable hydrogen used to lift the spacecraft. Another threat is introduced as all ships get hydrogen at this point. Here's its chance to blow up while trying to dock at the Empire State Building. If it explodes over many citizens, many lives will be in @CAPS3. The idea of a mooring mast now makes no sense.
Airships, airships, were hailed as the transportation of the future in the 1920s. They have a top speed of 80 mph and can cruise thousands of miles at 70 mph without refueling. One hurdle for builders is the lack of a suitable landing zone. Al Smith saw an opportunity to build the Empire State Building. He will add a mooring mast to the top of the building, allowing the spacecraft to moor there for hours for refueling or repairs. Also, it keeps people on and off. The problem is, if a ship a thousand feet is moored at the top of the structure, the builders can't just set the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, tethered by a cable, which adds stress to the building's frame.
On @DATE1, the Empire State Building is built and will be used to accommodate a new way of traveling. Mooring masts built on top of buildings will be used to dock thousand-foot ships; the future of travel. In theory, the airship would be docked to the mast, using an electric winch, but in practice, there is no safe way to do so at such high altitudes. Another challenge is the highly flammable gas used, hydrogen. A lit match could drop the steel frame to the earth below. The soft fabric covering the steel frame can be easily punctured, which is not suitable for urban areas. The people who built the airship either looked down or forgot the natural elements that bound the project. At the top of the building, winds reached high speeds and changed direction quickly, which could knock the ship around the mast. The biggest hurdle is the law, restricting airships from flying too low in New York's growing urban civilization. In the history of the Empire State Building, one airship has attempted to simulate a pier, and another has performed newspaper stunts. Anyone in their right mind would see that this project was doomed before it even started.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. They consulted experts and toured equipment and mooring operations in New Jersey. Architects can't just put mooring masts on top of the building, which will add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the load is transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. The steel frame had to be retrofitted and reinforced. The biggest obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will wrap around the mooring mast. You could press it down, but that would hang over pedestrians on the street, making it neither practical nor safe. There is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. When they try to deliver the newspaper, they find it doesn't work
Builders have to deal with a lot. They had to rebuild the entire top again so the ship could dock there. Architects can't just put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. A ship tethered to the top of a building by a single cable can add a lot of stress to the building frame. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be upgraded and strengthened. Also, all these modifications will cost over sixty thousand dollars to make the building frame better.
Building a building over @NUM1 feet tall and expecting the ship/airship to dock there is dangerous, and there are many obstacles around. First, the weather isn't always great. If you have a windy day, the airship swings back and forth over thousands of pedestrians in New York. It can be dangerous to leave lead blocks behind. You have lead behind you and thousands of people swaying beneath you. Second, most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable, and if a fire spreads, it could destroy an entire building... Finally, if it's illegal for an airship to hover at a low altitude and fly into an urban area, then an airship can't be parked at the Empire State Building. That's many reasons why airships can't be moored at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. @NUM1 feet of airships add stress to the building frame. Most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. The Hindenburg accident also raised alarm. Hindenburg set fire to Lakehurst, New Jersey. This suggests to builders that things could be worse if the accident happened in a densely populated area, like New York. Another factor is wind. They have always been @CAPS1. This will cause the rear of the airship to sway and move. There is also a pre-existing law that says airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. These are some of the reasons the builders ran into obstacles when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle is described in paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that puts pressure on the building's frame." This means they need to reinforce the entire building . If they don't, the building could collapse. The next obstacle is described in paragraph @NUM2, "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." This means that the wind is strong there and it will take a while to land safely. Also, the wind could cause the spacecraft to fly away. @CAPS1 Obstacles are described in paragraph @NUM3, "Another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas." This means they can be a target for destroying blimps put up. Another thing is that if it falls it will kill a lot of people. These hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders in trying to get the spacecraft to dock there were not overcome, and the project was canceled.
The builders faced a number of hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock atop the Empire State Building. One obstacle is security. Foreign countries use highly flammable gases to fill their ships. According to this passage, "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident occurred over a densely populated How bad it could get. Downtown New York, etc." Another hurdle is whether. The wind on top of the building is always changing due to the violent air currents. For example, the U.S. Navy ship, Los Angeles, cannot be tied to the mast because of the wind, which can cause the ship's hull to be pierced. Another hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. According to the paragraph "This law will prohibit tying on buildings or even near the area"... The Empire State Building failed to achieve its original purpose due to the many obstacles faced by its builders, but is still considered cosmopolitan today landmark.
In @ORGANIZATION2's article "Mooring the Mast", @CAPS1 describes several of the problems the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their airships docked there. For example, most airships (airships) outside the United States use hydrogen, not helium. Because hydrogen is highly flammable and the population of downtown New York is so large, if anything goes wrong, it could affect the people of New York, causing casualties. Another reason is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. This law makes it illegal for ships to even approach the area. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles that may have been noticed before construction.
While building the Empire State Building, workers faced some problems. One is how to make it @CAPS1 because the architects who built the Chrysler building raised the overall height, making it the largest building in the world. Former New York Gov. Al Smith said they would defeat it by installing mooring masts for the spacecraft. Another obstacle is the mast on top of the @CAPS2 frame. It couldn't fall on it, so the frame had to do $60,000 worth of maintenance. The third problem they had was tying up the airship, the high winds would turn the airship around and possibly pierce it. After the Hindenburg atrocity, those in charge would not have the airship docked on the building so as not to endanger the public. Therefore, the mast was never used.
Those involved in the design and construction of the Empire State Building faced some significant hurdles in trying to bring the idea of docking airships to life. One of the biggest complications is that if a massive airship is attached to the building via a "cable tether," then pressure can be exerted on the building's frame. Builders and architects must find a way to spread the pressure down a building's foundation. It took them @MONEY1 to modify the framework (from @NUM1 paragraph). In paragraph @NUM2 we read that architects and builders overcome storage barriers by placing winches and control machinery at the bottom of the shaft in the "cone roof".
While the builder's dream of using the Empire State Building as a dock for a spaceship was a brilliant dream, the builder encountered many problems. One problem is laws that prohibit flying too low in urban areas like New York City. Also, nature played a big role in why their plan didn't work. High winds across the city affected the plan. Most ships land in open areas where their rear end can be crushed. This would make it impossible to dock on buildings, causing the airship to sway and potentially hit other buildings. Builders didn't take into account New York City's population density. If anything happened to a docked spacecraft like the Hindenburg, many people would be affected. That's why the idea has always been a dream.
Builders take on the obstical hard time @CAPS1. In Way's such as the only benefit's the Empire State building relly be the tallest building in the world. They are also trying to apply for @CAPS4 for @CAPS3 to provide @CAPS2 a docking base for a ship for future transport during certain legal and technical difficulties. @CAPS4 Obstacles such as adding extra bodywork to the structure of a building are not even necessary. These are the hurdles facing builders, and @CAPS5 time and @CAPS6.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that "a 100-foot-long ship anchored by a single cable tether at the top of the building would add stress to the building's frame." This is a very important hurdle, as the frame can be stressed by the excessive waiting of the ship, and the building can collapse. Another obstacle is wind. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". It's also a major hurdle, since the airship is so much lighter than air, it's not safe for violent winds to blow it that high in the air, especially considering the thousands of people below @CAPS1 downtown. A third hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. This makes it illegal to fly so low that it is illegal to tie the airship to a building.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The authors write, "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of moorings is nature itself." (Lüsted, @NUM1 paragraph) Reportedly, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Airships on buildings will not land properly, nor will they be held down by lead weights as they would in an open landing pad. It would be impractical to hang weights over the heads of the hundreds of people walking on the streets below. In addition to nature itself, safety is another big hurdle for builders. It reads, "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (Lüsted, @NUM2 paragraph). Because hydrogen is highly flammable, accidents can be serious in densely populated areas like downtown New York, where the Empire State Building is located. In Lakehurst, New Jersey, a German airship has caught fire. All in all, nature and safety were two of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there.
One of the problems builders faced when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building was nature. The wind at the top of the building always changes the cause of the violent airflow. Even if they were able to tie the front of the airship to the building, the cables supporting it would put pressure on the building. The only way they could keep the building from stress was to retrofit the building to make it stronger, which would cost over $60,000. Even if they were able to get around all these obstacles, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying low over cities. So either way, it can't happen.
Airships are not like airplanes or hot air balloons, which are filled with flammable gas, and trying to dock something this large on top of the world's tallest building is also extremely dangerous for the city below, and extremely dangerous for workers.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," author Marcia Amidon Lüsted talks about the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. First, the frame of the building could not withstand a thousand-foot airship docked on it. Therefore, changes had to be made to make the building stronger. As the excerpt states, "more than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's framing had to be done". Also, docking a ship on a building is unsafe for a number of reasons. Airships, for example, are often filled with hydrogen rather than helium, which, as the excerpt notes, "is highly flammable," so the building's owners were aware of the potential tragedy if the airship crashed while flying over the busy city of New York. Street. In addition, strong winds on top of the building make it difficult for the airship to dock on the mooring masts, as they cause the stern to move constantly. Finally, there are laws that prohibit planes from flying too low over cities. There are a number of obstacles that allow airships to dock on buildings.
The builders of the Empire State Building @CAPS3 encountered a number of different hurdles when trying to get the ship to dock there. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Ability to design masts without rebuilding large parts of the building. Another important aspect that they have to face is being able to make it safe. These large ships can be very flammable, and having a major in a populous city like New York would be very dangerous and unsafe. Their last question @CAPS3 is nature. Of course, you can't change nature, so it's an issue that's been around since the beginning but may have been overlooked or never thought about. So this is really never going to work successfully without a problem.
There are a lot of problems facing the Empire State Building, for example, never @CAPS1 explicitly stated that because they didn't know legal planes couldn't get to any suburb @CAPS2, they really saw when the Hindenburg burned down. Anthor's big obstacle is nature, because the wind on top of the building is always changing due to strong air currents, which will cause the airship to rotate around the mooring mast. The final hurdle to face is the structure of the ship, because if it continues to land on top of the building, it will continue to damage the structure of the building. These are some of the obstacles faced.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Ships also known as airships are very large, which is a problem because they are too large to reach buildings, and "most ships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is very flammable" (par.@NUM1) That's bad because there could be an accident and the airship could explode over the city and injure thousands of people. The winds above the building were sometimes so strong that it was very difficult for the ship to reach it." Even if the ship was attached to the mooring mast, the The department will revolve around the mooring mast." (par.@NUM2) Trying to get the ship docked at the Empire State Building is difficult. It is too dangerous to use the creation purpose of the top of the building.
In the process of building the Empire State Building, the builders faced some problems. All of these issues or are not good for what they really want to do. Some of these questions are because of what the balloons are made of. Most balloons use hydrogen gas instead of helium. In the excerpt, they said "hydrogen is highly flammable" and could cause many deaths. Another is strong winds, which can carry balloons and are difficult to handle. The last case is where there are laws about flying at low altitudes, where the balloons fly very low. All in all, the problems they had could not be solved, so the plan was ruined.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the law. There is "current law prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas" (¶ @NUM1). While builders ignored this at first, they faced many other non-legal hurdles. There is also a safety issue with docking craft, "most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (¶ @NUM2). The final hurdle for builders is wind. "Wind changes on top of buildings due to strong air currents" (¶ @NUM3). With all these obstacles, docking a ship on the mast of the Empire State Building is not only impossible, but nearly impossible.
When Al Smith wanted to do a pier on the Empire State Building, he didn't really think about it. That's a scary thought. Passengers will risk their lives on and off the airship. He probably wasn't thinking about safety, just looking for looks. Obstacles he will encounter, death of idiots, weather and @CAPS1. Weather is a big factor, because if it's windy, it could veer through the ship and veer off course and crash. @CAPS1 who made this landing pad is also crazy because they have to buy all the floats and build a landing pad. @ORGANIZATION2 Not a smart guy to land an airship.
The biggest and most obvious hurdles in trying to get a spaceship docked on the Empire State Building are factors such as safety, nature, and city laws regarding low-flying airships. According to @PERSON1's The Mooring Mast article, the biggest safety risk is that most airships built/operated outside the US "use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable". (paragraph @NUM1) @CAPS1 A hydrogen-filled ship would be dangerous to float above the densely populated @ORGANIZATION2. In 1937, the hydrogen airship did catch fire, with disastrous results. The Empire State Building owners knew it would be worse if another accident like the one over New York happened. At high altitudes, winds can increase, and wind on top of the Empire State Building can cause the tail end of the airship to sway. Usually the tail end will be crushed, but heavy objects hanging above the city are not safe either. In one of two failed attempts: while the building was docked, the wind was so strong that the ship couldn't even get close to the building. The captain of the airship is concerned that "...the wind will follow the airship to the spires of other buildings in the area..." (@NUM2 paragraph), which may leave a hole in the airship. Finally, a New York City law states that airships cannot fly below a certain altitude, making it illegal to dock a craft on top of the Empire State Building. In the planning for the Empire State Building's airship terminal, many obvious obstacles were overlooked.
There were a number of hurdles that brought the project to an end while building the mast to deliver the spaceship to the Empire State Building. One unavoidable hurdle is that most spacecraft are filled with extremely flammable hydrogen, which, if exploded, could adversely affect the condensed New York City streets as well as the Empire State Building. Moreover, the wind on the roof is also uncontrolled, coupled with the violent wind, it will be very dangerous to dock. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." Although lead weights could be strapped to the rear end of the airship, this would be impractical and very dangerous for the public. Because existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas, even if the docking station is completed, the craft will not be able to park at the Empire State Building. "The unresolved issue of mooring the airship on a fixed mast at such a height makes it advisable to postpone the final installation of the landing gear until a later date. The barriers in front of the Empire State Building's mast are so optimistic that it is unbelievable that the project can be completed. It was delayed and became obsolete with the invention of the airplane.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was that the wind at the top of the building was always changing due to strong drafts. The spacecraft also uses hydrogen, which is highly flammable. So if it blows up, a lot of bad things will happen in New York. There is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Before the ship could get there, the building had to be modified and reinforced.
@ORGANIZATION1 From "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. The first hurdle for builders is safety. Paragraph @NUM1 states that most ships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable" Empire State Building owners realized how dire the accident would be if it happened in a populated area. Builders faced The biggest obstacle is nature itself. "Due to high winds, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing" paragraph @NUM2 state. They could have held it down with a plumb bob, but using them would hang over it unsafe for pedestrians. Builders face The last hurdle is the law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law makes it illegal for any ship to dock @ORGANIZATION1 in The Mooring Mast excerpt, there are many obstacles builders faced with getting the ship docked there "
Architects faced a number of hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. Often, when you hit an obstacle, you either succeed or fail. In this case, these people did not overcome the obstacle. In the reading, it mentioned that the craft from outside the United States contained hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and it can cause a lot of damage. Not just the building itself, but the area of downtown New York. The wind on top of the building is changing due to airflow. This could cause the airship to spin around the mast when strapped down. Architects must also consider current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The builders didn't realize that even tethering the ship would be so complicated because of the high winds. Even the process of delivering the newspaper was difficult and took up too much time. Who would want giant steel-framed balloons dangling around them anyway?
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the hurdle the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their spaceships docked there was that it was difficult for the architects to place the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, holding it through a single cable. Tethers, which add stress to the building frame. Builders face many dilemmas and complications. More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framing.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first initial problem they faced was the pressure the airship exerted on the building. As the article states, "The pressure of the airship load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building...the building must be modified and strengthened to adapt to this situation.", the pressure prompted the need for further improvements to the building itself; this obviously required time and money. Another problem they faced was the impracticality of the spacecraft itself. The spacecraft needs hydrogen, which is highly flammable. As a result of the Hindenburg disaster, "Empire State Building owners realize that an accident in a densely populated area like @LOCATION1 downtown would be worse" Another big problem that arose was the inconsistent violent air currents, which changed the safe docking of the airship difficult. This problem can be solved with plumb bobs, but they are "neither practical nor safe". Finally, there are already "current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". The law prevents airships from being able to fly low in buildings, let alone land there. In conclusion, the builders of the @CAPS1.SB mooring mast faced a number of hurdles in its construction, questioning its safety and rendering it impractical.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Start by placing a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. "Architects cannot simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (paragraph @NUM1). They had to modify the steel frame of the building. They had to do it all the way from the building's foundation, "it's almost 1,100 feet down." (paragraph @NUM1). This will cost over $60,000. After the mooring mast is built, builders still have more problems. Ships entering from outside @LOCATION2 "use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (paragraph @NUM3). So the flammable craft is too dangerous to fly over a densely populated place like New York City. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building was also too strong. "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast" (paragraph @NUM4). In the end, the builders faced too many problems to solve, and the Empire State Building docking was gone.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle was that it was very dangerous to have a hydrogen-filled (highly flammable) ship dock in one of the most densely populated areas of the time. They can't let the accident that happened in Lakehurst, NJ happen in New York: "...like downtown New York." The biggest obstacle is natural: "The wind direction at the top of the building due to strong air currents Consul transfer." The ship will not be able to remain stable while docked or unloaded. Other ideas to address this, such as weight, are "neither practical nor safe." The final hurdle is the law. "Another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas." As the picture shows, due to natural reasons, danger and the law itself, it is simply impossible for the spacecraft to be docked at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first issue was the structure of the building, after designing the mast, they needed a building that could withstand the pressure of the mast. "Instead of building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. They were able to overcome that hurdle. Another hurdle was safety." Most ships from outside the U.S. use Hydrogen instead of helium" @CAPS1 poses a hurdle? Well, hydrogen is highly flammable. When a German spaceship was destroyed by a fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that an accident could occur It would be worse to be located above a densely populated area. Obstacles present another practicality hurdle. Airships usually land on open grounds. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building made it unsafe, and the only solution was to tether the ship and weigh down the back with lead weights, but using these "high overhangs on the street over pedestrians is neither practical nor safe" on buildings. Architects face many obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the building. One of the biggest reasons is safety, most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is also highly flammable. Another obstacle that arises is nature, with the constantly changing wind on top of the building due to the strong air currents. If the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the stern will rock violently with the wind. Other ships parked in the open had lead bars added to their backs so they couldn't move. But at the top of the Empire State Building, there is nowhere to mount these heavy objects. One practical reason blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit blimps from flying too low in urban areas. This law makes it illegal for boats to be tied up on structures. Builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to park their spaceships
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the problems (which was noticed after building the mooring masts) was how difficult it was to keep the airship stable and attached to something without pulling the building itself down. Another issue is safety, and one of the unsafe things is that most ships from other countries use hydrogen instead of helium, which is very flammable. Another reason is because high drafts can blow the rear of the boat around uncontrollably.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, if a thousand-foot-long craft anchored by a cable tether is moored on top of a building, it will add stress to the frame. Workers must transmit the pressure to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1,110 feet below. They had to modify and reinforce the frame, which would cost more than $60,000, and they had to design a decorative mast with four wings to accommodate the mooring arms. But the builders didn't realize that not only did their mooring masts have a problem with the frame, but the airship would spin without being fastened. It can be held down with lead weights. There is nothing they can do to prevent this, flammability or existing laws.
There are three main reasons why the Empire State Building doesn't work well as a mooring mast for a spaceship. On the one hand, it's not safe. Most ships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen, and the fear of a Hindenburg repeat is huge. Especially in densely populated cities. Second, there was a violent airflow in and around New York City. It is too difficult to dock a ship, and if docked, the wind would make it unsafe. Finally, a law was passed making it illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. This prevented the spaceship from docking at the Empire State Building. All three of these obstacles are factors that prevent the Empire State Building from being used as a mooring mast for a spacecraft.
Marcia Amidon Lüsted, in her excerpt "Mooring Masts," describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. One hurdle they had to face came in the process of designing the masts that would be placed on top of the building for docking. "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." (¶ @NUM1) They found that a ship docked on top of a building would add too much stress to the building's frame. So their first hurdle was retrofitting to strengthen the frame of the building. However, as Lüsted points out in paragraph @NUM2, "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The winds are constantly changing due to the erratic airflow on top of buildings, and even airships attached to the masts It will also sway from side to side. Another problem is how to reduce the weight of the spacecraft. On open landing pads, they would use lead weights to reduce the weight of the spacecraft. Using extremely heavy weights with more than a few hundred people on the street is not acceptable. In conclusion, as one can see, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
When builders tried to build a structure to allow airships or blimps to dock at the Empire State Building in New York, they didn't realize how many problems they would run into. When designing the mast on top of the building, the designers realized that if the ship was docked to the building, it would increase the stress on the frame, so the structure of the Empire State Building had to be modified. To do this would require $60,000, and more labor hours. Another hurdle encountered is the fact that nature gets in the way, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow" (row @NUM1). It is difficult to dock it on a building because the airship will constantly shake due to the wind and passengers cannot board the airship. In addition, airships are often moored in open fields with the help of plumb bobs to help reduce their weight. If plumb bobs were introduced in populous New York City, they could fall while dangling, endangering pedestrians. All told, builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to achieve docking capabilities for ships on the Empire State Building.
The @CAPS1 at the Empire State Building faced many hurdles, one of which was redesigning some parts of the Empire State Building. @CAPS1's job is to create masts for docking new airships called airships or airships. The plan came hard, they couldn't fall off the mooring quality on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. They found that "a 100-foot ship held by a cable tether increases the stress on the building frame" (paragraph @NUM1). This pressure must be transferred to the foundation of the building. @CAPS1 The steel frame had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the stress situation on the building frame. Also, @CAPS1 has to work on many different parts. Winches and control machinery for the mooring of ships. In order for everything to work, it has to be strictly enforced. This is the hurdle that @CAPS1 faced when trying to get the ship docked at the Empire State Building.
The main problem with their docking with the spacecraft is that it has to be very safe. To keep the plane down, they would have to use a plumb bob. In such a dense, densely populated area, it would be very dangerous for my weight to fall off the top of the building. Also, when the owners of the Empire State Building noticed the Hindenburg exploding, they were upset. Even if the plane floats on top of the building, the wind will blow it, making it even more unsafe. The idea is good, but unlikely to be safe.
While building the Empire State Building, trying to get the ship to dock there ran into obstacles. For example, architects cannot simply place mooring masts on top of the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. So the architect had to theme it and enhance the building. Spent over sixty thousand dollars on new themes. The building will move from @NUM1 floor to 102 floor. Spaceship passengers will board from there. In conclusion, when building the Empire State Building, there were obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there.
There were a number of issues that made it impossible to use the mast of the Empire State Building as a dock for a spaceship. One is that many foreign spacecraft are filled with hydrogen, a very flammable gas. If it caught fire like the Hindenburg, it would cause a lot of tragedies because it would be above people's houses. For the same reason, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over cities. "This law makes it illegal for a boat to be on a building or even close to the area." @CAPS1 Safety risk for people below, wind causing problems with airships not even docking properly. "Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship can rotate." One of the attempts proved that landing would be tricky. The Los Angeles tried to reach the building, but the wind gave up the idea. The captain feared he would fly into the spire of a tall building and the ship might be pierced. "[He] couldn't even take his hands off the lever."
In @PERSON1 @CAPS1's article The Mooring Mast, she describes the difficulty of designing a mast for a spaceship to dock on top of the Empire State Building. New York City Mayor Al Smith came up with the idea of adding mooring masts to the top of the Empire State Building when he built it. He wants to make New York City a technologically advanced city. After coming up with the mast, the designers found that there was a problem installing the mast. They found that they had to modify the steel frame, because a thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of the building would transfer stress from the frame all the way to the foundation. due to load and wind pressure. The wind speed at the top of the building will make the airship toss around in the wind and it is very unsafe to get close to the building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mast, there were a lot of problems with allowing the ship to dock there. The obstacles faced will jeopardize the safety of the people. One of the problems is that the tail of the spacecraft will spin, and because of how high it is, the wind will be strong. Another problem mentioned in paragraph @NUM1 is that the fake ships are made of hydrogen instead of helium, so they are flammable.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. When designing the mast, they didn't realize that the mast "adds stress to the building's frame," and to fix this, they had to pay "over $60,000" to modify the building's frame. Another problem they encountered was that, in addition to "existing laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas", "the wind direction at the top of the building was constantly changing". This did not allow the airship to get close enough to dock, for fear that "the wind would blow the airship against a sharp spire" which would damage the airship's outer shell. Another problem for builders when the Hindenburg was destroyed in New Jersey was realizing the fact that "hydrogen is extremely flammable." They realized how unsafe it was to have such an accident in a "populated area". As a result, builders were forced to stop work.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to dock their spaceships. Most of these issues are security issues. One problem is the use of hydrogen, a highly flammable and explosive gas. Because of the dense population of downtown New York, the fire acid would be catastrophic. Another problem was that the tail of the airship couldn't be pressed down as usual because of the huge weight hanging from the street at that time. With the wind blowing, the airship is not securely tied or weighted, and the airship will sway and move around. This created the risk of the airship being pierced by the sharp edges of other structures. Also, if the airship is successfully moored, it will put a lot of pressure on the building. In addition to technical issues, there are some glaring roadblocks that, oddly, have never been considered or resolved. The first is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes over urban centers. This makes it illegal to try to land as well, meaning the mooring masts never have any remote chance of coming into play. The second problem was that proper moorings were never installed. This means that any attempt will be unsuccessful. Builders encountered many hurdles in building the mast, but the biggest hurdle was a lack of preparation and failure to address the obvious.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced two hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first obstacle is strong winds. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even tethering the airship to the mooring mast can cause the stern to pivot dangerously around the mooring mast. The second hurdle is due to current laws prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even get close to the area.
The hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get the spaceship docked there was @CAPS1. In @CAPS2 @NUM1 wrote: "More than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame had to be made." @CAPS3 The design of the mast took some time. Another obstacle is almost called the end of the mooring mast. In @CAPS2 @NUM2 Architects @CAPS5, "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never achieve its @CAPS6 pose, for obvious reasons, before it was even built." The most important reason is a safety: Beyond @LOCATION3 Most spacecraft use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. " @CAPS7 This is such a huge @CAPS8 and the owners think about the densely populated areas of NYC and how people get hurt.
The hurdles builders faced when building the Empire State Building were, first of all, the building's structure was not strong enough, it was too windy, and the law. Building structures cannot accommodate @NUM1 foot ships. The wind can move the ship, which can also damage the frame of the building. The law also states that airships cannot fly too low over cities. Here are some of the hurdles workers faced when building the Empire State Building.
In taking on the task of building the masts for the spacecraft to dock, the architects encountered a number of hurdles that made the idea of mooring the masts implausible. One obstacle they encountered was the raging wind over the city. If the ship is docked to a building with a tether, the back will be free to swing and sway. Another factor they had to consider was that the spacecraft was filled with flammable hydrogen gas, which created a serious fire hazard for New York City. Even if engineers and architects manage to solve all the problems of building the mast, they still face another hurdle. It is illegal to fly airships to low altitudes in urban areas. That's why the idea of a spaceship dock never came to fruition.
The Empire State Building's @CAPS1 faces many hurdles. By having the ship dock there, they had to build the @CAPS2 plane on the side of the building, which meant they would put their lives at risk. They also have to deal with electrical issues inside and outside the building. The @CAPS1 on the outside of the building had to deal with strong winds. They also have to make sure the electrical system is working properly. If there is any kind of fire, hydrogen and helium are extremely flammable, and if the wires are too short, it could burn up like the entire spaceship and then explode.
The Empire State Building faced difficulties with @CAPS1 and couldn't get the ship to dock there. The airship's wind pressure messed up the building's frame. To accommodate the situation, they paid more than $60,000 to strengthen the frame of the building.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some barriers are safety factors and natural factors. Safety is a big hurdle in this Morningmast project, as the craft uses hydrogen to float these large ships. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad it would be if the spacecraft caught fire in a densely populated city like New York. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable. When the German craft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the ship owner realized How dire the consequences of this accident could have been in New York." The biggest obstacle is nature. Humans have no control over the wind, making it difficult to dock on top of their ever-changing buildings. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The mooring mast could not be completed.
Mooring masts are added to the top of the building, which allows the airship to park there for hours for refueling or maintenance, and to allow passengers to disembark and disembark. The airship is docked by an electric winch. The body of the spaceship swayed in the breeze. A group of engineers in New York tried to get excited with a practical approach. They really work hard. Government folks in Washington are counting some @ORGANIZATION1 mooring the airship to the mast. They eventually succeeded in what they were trying to accomplish by building mooring masts so the airship would have a place to land for fuel and service.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. According to the excerpt, one of those obstacles was the lack of a suitable landing area. The spaceship is a thousand feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City. Another hurdle is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area. The USS Los Angeles approached the mooring masts but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds. If they were close enough to tie up, the captain couldn't even release his hands from the control stick, for fear that the wind would blow the airship onto the spires of other buildings in the area, piercing the airship's hull. In addition, more than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame were necessary to add to the ship.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked to the building. First, they had to make sure the mast wasn't too heavy to sit on top of the building, and when they realized it was, they @MONEY1 modified the building so that it could support the mast. They also have to make sure it's safe to transport people through this ship. It depends on wind and climate. They also had to make the building taller than the Chrysler Building. They want to change the new @CAPS1 mode of transportation. In the end, they realized that if they wanted to keep everything safe for the public, it was impossible to park on the building.
In "The Mooring Mast" paragraph excerpted from @CAPS1 barriers, such as @CAPS2. If these people aren't trying to compete with the buildings, the buildings might be ok. If you take your time and really try to achieve your goals, you can.
In the article "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. The hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in @CAPS1 was allowing ships to dock there because people wouldn't be safe. "The owners of the Empire State Building realized that it could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." Another example of why builders faced @CAPS1 for allowing the spacecraft to dock there because "an open landing pad can be weighed down with lead behind, and it is neither practical nor safe to hang over pedestrians in the street". Imperial states are not very safe. That's why the builders of the Empire State Building faced @CAPS1 to allow the ship to dock there.
The people at @DATE1 don't have the technology we have today, they don't even know what they're really doing. When architects were building the @CAPS1 Nation Building, they had a lot of problems. First, they couldn't just put a mast down there, because as they say in the story, the roof isn't flat. Next it said that a thousand foot drop would stress the frame and in the end they had to change the frame from steel to glass and they also had to change the roof. All in all, the men at @DATE1 have a lot of work to do while building the Empire State Building.
The Empire State Building's mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose for reasons of safety, nature, and law. The biggest reason is safety, as most craft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable. The German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The accident could have been worse if it had happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York. Nature is the biggest obstacle, as the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. This will cause the rear of the boat to rotate. This is not good because it will hang above pedestrians on the street. Finally, there are laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area. To sum up, for these three reasons, the mooring mast of the Empire State Building is doomed to never fulfill its purpose.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked there, noticing that the spaceship would hang unsafely above pedestrians in the street. There are many risks when landing a huge blimp, and there's a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for ships to even approach the area. Famous and important ships had a lot of trouble landing, for example in December 1930 the US Navy ship Los Angeles approached the mooring mask but could not get close due to strong winds. The ship may move uncontrollably and crash into the spires of other buildings around it. In @CAPS1, the transportation of the future, spaceships have given way to airplanes.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles in allowing the spacecraft to dock, chiefly security concerns. "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing," the article said. "They would hang high above pedestrians in the street [which] is neither practical nor safe." This suggests that the craft is not practical and dangerous to people inside and on the street below.
One of the biggest hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there was safety. Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area such as downtown New York, the situation could change. worse. .The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Another practical reason the Empire State Building can't use blimps is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over the ring. The wind would blow the ship against the spires of other buildings in the area, puncturing the ship's hull, and the captain couldn't even take his hands off the control stick.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's story "Mooring the Mast", there were a number of problems with getting the ship to dock on top of the Empire State Building. These obstacles consist of the ship itself, natural winds, and laws preventing the ship from docking. Some airships from out-of-state use hydrogen, a flammable gas that could cause massive damage to New York City due to being roughly the same length as four city blocks. "Even after being strapped down, the wind can cause the airship to spin, and doing so could lead to the arrest of the ship's captain because "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas."
The obstacle builders faced when building the Empire State Building was nature. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." "Airships moored in an open landing pad can weigh down their backs with lead weight, but use these at the Empire State Building and they will hang above pedestrians on the street, neither Practical and not safe." Size and their height in the sky are an issue. "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." @CAPS1 is the obstacle.
In this excerpt, "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle they face is their lack of suitable landing zones. Because of this, they came up with the idea of letting passengers get on and off the airship by stepping up to an open viewing platform. Another hurdle they faced was "the stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which lies nearly 1,100 feet below." Another major hurdle for builders was that "the Empire State Building's steel frame had to Modified and reinforced to suit this new situation." In the end, the idea of a mooring mast failed. The builder did not consider potential problems that could occur. For example, nature itself, laws prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas, and even fires, due to the gas (hydrogen) used in some airships.
If the Empire State Building were to dock a spaceship, there would be a lot of problems along the way. They don't have an airship landing zone of almost a thousand feet. The ship, tethered to the Empire State Building by a tether, would put so much stress on the structure of the building that it could collapse if it continued. If they were to use the Empire State Building, they would have to remodel it and spend thousands of dollars in the process. Even so, even if the airship seized the building, the rear of the airship would sway with high winds, potentially jeopardizing the safety of passengers. All in all, it's just a bad idea to land a ship on a huge building
Spaceship matchmaking is a great addition to the Empire State Building. Architects have to go through many hurdles to accomplish this. The building is not strong enough. If they had tied an airship to the top of the original Empire State Building, it would have pulled the building up to the point where it felt like it was over. The architect had to upgrade the frame to ensure safety. Now that the frame is safe, they have to worry about the ship itself. If only one end of the airship is tied to the mast, the other end will be blown away by the wind. This will make it very difficult to unload cargo and people. The spacecraft could also catch fire, which is unsafe. for the people on the ground. It is not safe to dock a spaceship at the Empire State Building.
Builders face a number of hurdles when building the Empire State Building. Al Smith, who is in charge of the project, aims to build the tallest building. It was at this point that the first question arose. Inside the Chrysler Building is a secret 185ft spire, now @DATE2 built the building, which is 46ft taller than the Empire State Building. The first signs of hope shone in him when he saw the opportunity for the Empire State Building. Airships need a landing zone. A mooring mast can do the trick. A mast was added to the top of the building, allowing the craft to park for a period of time to refuel and complete service. This design took a while to develop + quickly went bad. Safety is a factor. Most ships, from outside @LOCATION2. Use hydrogen gas instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and can have tragic consequences. For example, on May 6, 1937, a German spaceship was destroyed by fire in New Jersey. If something similar happens in a densely populated area like @CAPS1, there will be problems. These are just a few of the many obstacles faced when building the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. Obstacles include safety concerns, nature and law. Safety is an issue because in the excerpt it says, "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." This explains why they can't, because one of the airships Would explode in downtown New York, as it is a densely populated area, would cause havoc and loss of life. Another obstacle is nature. Nature plays its part because "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." This will allow the rear of the craft to rotate, both practical and safe. The final hurdle is having a law on airships flying at low altitudes in urban areas. This would make it illegal to tie a boat to the Empire State Building. These obstacles left the builders with the problem of getting the spacecraft to land on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. The first big hurdle was designing the mast. Architects can't just put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building; it has a flat roof. If the ship is parked, it will add extra pressure to the frame, wind pressure is also a factor. The mooring mast was never destined to fulfill the purpose of dropping the airship, as it was not safe, naturally (with a spinning airship on the back) it could be held down by the lead on the back, but not suspended above pedestrians in the street. A practical reason why they can't moor is that a specific law has been enacted that prohibits airships from going low. Still, this has happened with two ships trying to moor there, the first turned back due to bad weather conditions, and the second was a publicity stunt that fell off the newspaper before the landing gear was installed, so they had to use wires to receive them. As a result, the idea was shelved.
The hurdles faced by builders are primarily safety. Safety is important because of how many people there are in New York. Another problem is that ships outside the United States are hydrogen rather than helium. At such high altitudes, with so much wind, the airship could only be held by the front, while the back would swing uncontrollably. Airships can easily be blown by the wind close to the spires of buildings and ejected. There are a lot of things that can go wrong at any time, so I think the right decision was to stop the idea of the mooring mast.
The hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders was that the airship was docked by an electric winch, which was pulled in a line from the front of the ship, which was then tied to the mast.
Well, ships are airships that fly to low altitudes in cities and urban areas. Also, US @ORGANIZATION2 approached the mooring mast to moor, but it was very windy. Also the Goodyear Columbia airship. Tried a publicity stunt by bundling it and offering a bundle of newspapers.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spaceship safely docked there. The three main issues they face are increased pressure on construction, security and city laws. The Empire State Building is already huge and flimsy, so adding so many ways won't help, "@DATE 1 foot spaceship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, will add stress to the building's frame." Architect They didn't want that, they had to make a change. Before they made the change, they also realized it was windy there, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong drafts." @CAPS1, it's safe up there, never know how bad the wind will be. Therefore, they decided to shorten the building. They've done so much work, but it's still not good enough, because there's a law that "prohibits airships from flying low over cities." After all the time and effort they put in, in the end, there was no way the idea would work out.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles in their path. With 1,000-foot airships, they have a handicap that they don't have a lot of space in New York to land. Al-Smith thought it would be a good idea to park the craft on top of his building for a few hours to "refuel or serve, and get passengers on and off." But the ship is docked by an electric winch that ties the ship to the mast. The ship would swing and people would still get on and off safely. Empire State Building architects and engineers worked/talked with experts and acquired "Mooring Operations at US Naval Air Stations" equipment. The Navy is the leader in U.S. airship development and knows everything. The Navy provided the craft for testing the masts. In addition, the architect met with the president of an airship transportation company that provides airship services across the Pacific Ocean. So the builders ran into a lot of hurdles and tried to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building.
The hurdle the builders of @ORGANIZATION1 face when trying to get their ships docked there is that they have to have different new routes that haven't been built yet, as the existing transatlantic routes must.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle was trying to moor the ship on top without putting too much pressure on the building. "The stress of the spacecraft load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building," it said. This means they plan to solve the problem by spreading this pressure all the way to the foundation of the building. Another hurdle is trying to stop the spacecraft from moving and swaying excessively after docking. "The wind on the top of the building was constantly changing due to the strong airflow," it said. The wind was too strong to stop the spacecraft from moving. The last problem is that even if they could moor the blimp on a building, it's illegal to fly that low in an urban area. "This law will prohibit boats from being tied to buildings." Taken together, all of these hurdles faced by builders led to an unsuccessful end result.
The Empire State Building faced a lot of problems before appearing as @ORGANIZATION1. They were afraid that others would destroy the building. So less spaceships parked there. They want their city to be famous and get more money. And a few others that don't care and defer to a later date.
The idea of docking a 1,000-foot ship on a mast 1,100 feet above the ground seemed impossible. Judging by the factual evidence presented in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2, this theory has been shown to fail. "Ships outside the U.S. use highly flammable hydrogen." If a craft caught fire while trying to dock at the Empire State Building, the accident would quickly turn into a disaster. "The biggest obstacle is nature itself." High speeds and variable winds at the top of the Empire State Building can cause moored ships to wither around the mast. Another hurdle facing the builders of the Empire State Building is a law that prohibits aircraft from flying too low over urban areas. A problem that would condemn the theory from the start.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in allowing the spaceship to dock there. On the one hand, they are mostly "hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable". A fire in one of them would be devastating for a big city like New York. The wind will also make it impossible to dock there. "The boat will spin around the mooring mask" and may even pierce the frame. The whole idea is both dangerous and risky. In fact, it is illegal to "fly too low over an urban area". Not only is it dangerous, it's against the law. Collectively, these are obstacles that workers face and overcome in the long run.
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders encountered a number of obstacles in getting the spacecraft to moor on the mooring masts. In the article "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the author gives us some examples of what is difficult. One obstacle to docking the airship to the mast is the safety of those inside. The article says, "The biggest reason is safety." It then goes on to say that "most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen, which is highly flammable." Another reason is nature. "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing," the authors said. This would cause passengers to leave unsafely. The article also says that "even when the airship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will spin", indicating unsafe air conditions. These two obstacles made landing on the mooring mast very difficult and soon impossible.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. Airships are not safe in cities like New York because strong winds on top of buildings can cause the airship to "spin around the mooring mast." Many airships from outside the United States are also filled with highly flammable hydrogen. In the event of an accident like the Hindenburg in New York, it's not just the passengers who are hurt. Another hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law makes it illegal for ships to even approach the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced issues such as high winds, heavy weight and many safety risks. When they tried to get the ship to dock there. The movement of the wind will make the ship move around when trying to dock, so they'll get in trouble. They will also have weight issues because they don't have a stable enough frame around the building. They will have to spend a lot of money to fix this. The last issue is security. After the German airship Hindenburg exploded, they realized that landing an airship over a crowded city was a dangerous problem.
According to @ORGANIZATION2's excerpt "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders were faced with using hydrogen in a highly flammable ship, nature itself, and trying to allow the ship to park there. It states in the @NUM1 paragraph of the excerpt that most spacecraft outside the US use hydrogen, which is very flammable. Realize that it would be extremely dangerous for this to happen over densely populated areas like New York City. explain. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened in a densely populated area such as downtown New York". The biggest obstacle, however, is nature itself. At the top of the building, the wind is constantly changing. It's certainly not safe. For example, “even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast.” Builders soon realized that, unfortunately, there was no solution to this problem. Finally, a more obvious hurdle for builders is existing laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. This would make it illegal for ships to even approach the area. The use of hydrogen, nature itself and existing legal obstacles make it impossible for Al Smith's plan to become a reality.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is "violent airflow". Because of these currents, it became very difficult to keep the ship docked on top of the Empire State Building without being blown away. Another obstacle is security. The spacecraft was filled with hydrogen, not helium. Hydrogen is a very flammable substance, and in the event of an accident, a flaming balloon flying over a populated area of New York could become very dangerous. While the idea of making a docking station for an airship is a great idea, there are too many obstacles and dangers preventing it from happening.
The builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to make sure the ship could dock at the Empire State Building. For example, the first problem that arises is the construction of masts on top of buildings. According to the excerpt, "A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." From here you know immediately that the Empire State Building's frame had to be modified appropriately, so that the spacecraft can be safely and successfully docked on the mast. Another little problem is making the whole building look decorative. "...architects have designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that can be illuminated from within..." @CAPS1, "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself ." @CAPS2, the wind at that altitude is unstable for the ship to dock. The problem is that the wind can "swing" the back of the ship around the mast, which is extremely dangerous and dangerous.
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders encountered many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. These issues include safety and practical issues. One safety concern is that most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is more flammable than helium. This caused the German airship Hindenburg to be destroyed by fire. "Most blimps from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Builders also have practical problems, such as it's illegal to fly blimps low in cities. "Another practical reason why blimps cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit blimps from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. This makes it illegal for ships to even be moored to buildings." These barriers prevent hops from landing on buildings .
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle for builders is "lack of suitable landing zones". (Paragraph 6) The second obstacle is the pressure the airship exerts on the building. As the authors state in paragraph 9, "The stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building." The authors also note that for this invention to work, the Empire State Building's steel frame must have a larger strength, and it must be modified to accommodate new ideas. The biggest hurdle faced was due to the nature of the building's location. Due to the location, the wind is strong and the wind direction is constantly changing. The final hurdle for builders is "laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". By the late 1830s, the idea of landing an airship on the Empire State Building disappeared. Instead, the idea of air transport was given to airplanes.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building made it difficult to construct the moorings. One problem they face is that most airships built outside of @PERSON1 use hydrogen instead of helium. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that it would have been worse if this happened in densely populated New York City." @CAPS1 The hurdle is Nature. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing. In paragraph @NUM2, the author states that "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The last obstacle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. In paragraph @NUM3, the author states that "this law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area".
Obstacles such as nature, safety concerns, and the weight and length of the spacecraft were among the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on it. They were hopeful about the idea of owning the Empire State Building "for a transportation age that only aviation pioneers could dream of" until they saw the risk. The first is nature itself, the wind is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. This means that a craft made to be "lighter than air" will revolve around the mooring mass. And there is no weight support to hold it. At times, the wind might even prevent the craft from getting close to @DATE1, when a US Navy craft named Los Angeles approached the mooring mass but couldn't get close. Another security issue. Outside the U.S., most craft are said to use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable and a very dangerous asset when there are millions of people underground. When the owners of the Empire State Building heard that the German airship Hindenburg had been destroyed by fire, they imagined what it would be like over densely populated New York. Lastly is the size and weight of the spacecraft itself. A ship (@NUM1 feet) held by a single cable will add stress to the frame of the building. To prevent this, they will have to modify the framework. These hurdles, plus more, suggest that the idea is "destined to never achieve its purpose."
The builders of the Empire State Building faced some challenges when trying to build a spaceship dock on it. A major problem is that it's clearly not safe because ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and they don't want another accident like the Hindenburg. They realized that if such an accident happened in a densely populated area like New York, it would be a thousand times worse.
How safe is it to have a large ship @CAPS1 on top of thousands of civilians? The builders had many problems trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building. On the one hand, it is not even said in this excerpt that the mast is ready "to fix the mast at such a height that it wishes to be postponed to a later date". The landing gear is not ready or sure to work. The idea of using an airship in such a crowded area isn't even said to be quite clever.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One hurdle is that most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. When a German airship was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized it would be more dangerous in a crowded area. The second obstacle is that the airship spins around the mast due to the violent airflow. The spacecraft would hang over pedestrians on the street, which is absolutely unsafe. A third hurdle is existing laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area. Thankfully, by the late 1930s, the idea of using mooring masts for airships quickly disappeared, and builders no longer had to face any obstacles.
In this day and age, the idea of a Hindenburg-sized spacecraft landing on top of the Empire State Building sounds absurd. In the 1920s, however, it was the dream of many. Unfortunately, this dream never came true due to the multiple hurdles the builders faced. The first hurdle for builders has to do with the hydrogen in the spacecraft itself. This would be a problem because the vast majority of airships visited "use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". So if an accident "happens over a densely populated area like downtown New York," it would be catastrophic. Another major issue is wind. They are "constantly moving due to strong air currents" so the boats could swing into other structures. Those two points aside, in any case, "existing law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". So neither wind nor hydrogen, it's illegal. Combined, these three obstacles make the dream of an airship landing in New York a dream, not a reality.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's story "Mooring the Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. Huge balloons cause tension and stress due to their enormous size. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". The pressure of the ship can wreak havoc on the frame of the building. In addition, the contents of some planes not only caused a crisis, but also their size. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." The fear of balloons catching fire is too great. Along with all this is the power of nature itself. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The wind on top of the building was so violent compared to the wind on the ground that it caused panic. It looks like everything is fine until you look closely and the obstacles come in all different ways.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The imposing spire of the Empire State Building is familiar to many people around the world, but few know that the mast's original purpose was to serve as a landing point for airships also known as blimps. The builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles. As it turns out, when it says "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof...a thousand-foot spaceship moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether, would increase the stress on the building frame". They took the risk of tying the airship to the Empire State Building, which could stress the building and could soon buckle. Another testimonial to @CAPS1 of the builder Empire State Building, "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself" The wind on top of the building makes it dangerous. Clearly, the Empire State Building's builders faced obstacles.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builder had to face a number of hurdles to get the ship to dock on the Empire State Building. In the @NUM1 paragraph of the excerpt, it states: "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, secured by a cable tether, will add stress to the building's frame." Wind pressure and the ship The weight of the building must be transferred approximately one thousand and one hundred feet below the foundation of the building. In the @NUM2 paragraph of its excerpt, "Most craft...use hydrogen gas instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." If in a densely populated area like New York, in a large overcrowded building Another catastrophe like the Hindenburg (destroyed by fire) up there would be a thousand times bigger. The wind direction over the Empire State Building is constantly changing due to violent air currents. This left designers with the problem of the airship swinging around the mooring masts. In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builder faced so many hurdles that the project was eventually abandoned.
On December 11, 1929, Al Smith had the idea to make the Empire State Building the tallest building in the United States. He wanted to go beyond the Chrysler Building, Smith wanted it to reach 1,250 feet. His idea was to add a mooring mast. Problems arose, however, such as flammable airships, the city's population density, and drastic changes in wind speeds. Airships are highly flammable because they contain both hydrogen and helium. On May 6, 1937, a German spaceship was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. With millions of daily visitors to New York City, what to do if something goes horribly wrong in such a densely populated area. The biggest problem is nature. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents... The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." (@CAPS1, @NUM1). On May 6, 1937, the building's owners concluded that the effort to make the Empire State Building the tallest building was neither practical nor safe.
Builders faced a number of hurdles in trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. One of the obstacles was modifying the entire frame of the building. "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a rope, would add stress to the building's frame... The Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." Excerpt This sentence in , makes it clear that builders have to get around this to get their work done, which would totally make this situation a hindrance. Another obstacle that workers face is nature itself. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This sentence showed another obstacle, as builders couldn't find a practical way to get passengers off, and putting lead in the back would only endanger pedestrians below. The final hurdle for builders is everyone's safety. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." This sentence shows a very big obstacle, which actually happened on the German airship Hindenburg. These are the hurdles workers face when trying to dock the spacecraft at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles and allowed the spaceship to dock there. One of these obstacles is the mooring mast itself. The wind direction at the top of the Empire State Building is constantly changing, and if the ship is moored to the mooring mass, it will rotate around the mooring mast. Another hurdle for builders in the process is the laws that already exist that don't allow airships to fly too low in urban areas. Since the Empire State Building is located in New York, an urban area, the spaceship idea will likely never work. The ship was unable to fulfill its mission, and the obstacles faced by the builder were the main reasons.
During this time, builders faced a few obstacles in building the Empire State Building. One of the issues was the unresolved problem of mooring the airship to hold the mast at a height where it was hoped that the installation would be delayed until a later date. The Empire State Building was doomed to fail its purpose. For some reason it should have been obvious before it was built. Another obstacle is the lack of suitable landing zones.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One reason is security. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. If an accident occurs over a densely populated area, such as New York, it would be catastrophic. Another obstacle is nature itself. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." Another obstacle for builders is the current law that prohibits airships in cities The area is flying too low.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles such as weather, chemical and construction issues when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, the height of a building means that "the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to violent airflow". The back of the ship is constantly revolving around the mast due to the raging wind. Another problem faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was the gases that make most of the spaceships. Most spacecraft from abroad are made of hydrogen: a very flammable gas. The fire-damaged German airship Hindenburg demonstrates the problem. As a result of this misfortune, the owners of the Empire State Building noted that "if the accident happened in a densely populated area, like downtown New York, it could have been worse." Armed with this realization, the builders of the Empire State Building finally realized that flying over the streets was neither safe nor practical. In the end, the construction of the building itself raises the question of the obstacles to trying to get the ship to dock there. The pressure of airship loads and wind pressure can stress the frame of the building and can be very expensive to modify. However, the builder solved the problem at a cost of $60,000. Unfortunately, the rest of the building's problems are too big.
complicated. Buildings are complex structures that cannot be easily tampered with, but are still considered safe. This is the main problem facing builders. You "can't simply put a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) it's not easy. They had to strengthen the structure, which required "$60,000 worth of revisions" (¶ @NUM1). Also, the builder has to come up with a nice plan for the mast to make it look good. They even had to use harder glass. Although the biggest hurdle for the builders was getting the ship to dock. One was filled with highly flammable hydrogen, and if it exploded, it would kill a lot of people in town. However, "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself" (¶@NUM3). This was mentioned in @CAPS1 @NUM3 and it was the main reason why the idea failed. The wind is always changing, which causes the back to rotate and become unsafe. Heavy objects on the back can make it more dangerous as they could fall over. Finally, the law prohibits flying so close to the ground. But even many other airships that have tried, like Columbia and Los Angeles, have found it too difficult to fly too close to buildings and docks. There are many holes in this idea.
In the excerpt, they describe some of the reasons why the spacecraft had difficulty docking on top of the Empire State Building. In paragraph 6, it says, "The airship is docked by means of an electric winch, which is drawn in a line from the front of the boat and tied to the mast. The body of the airship can swing in the breeze, but the passengers can safely move along the Use the viewing platform to get on and off the airship." This shows how potentially dangerous it is for passengers on board to disembark. Another reason is that in the late 1930s, ships were losing passengers because of aircraft. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "By the late 1930s, the idea of using mooring masts for airships and their passengers had quietly disappeared. Airships did not become the transportation of the future, but gave way to aircraft." The quote states, Ships are losing popularity because of planes.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when they tried to construct the masts to allow the ships to dock. First, some spacecraft are highly flammable because they use hydrogen instead of helium. A German ship called the Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire, and their hopes were a bit dashed once the Empire State Building noticed it could get worse in a densely populated place like New York. Another obstacle is irreparable because it is caused by nature. That's a gust of wind. The excerpt says: "Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." The only solution is to put lead weights in the back, but they will hang above pedestrians, which Absolutely not safe. The last thing stopping them is a law banning airships that fly too low in urban areas. All in all, the builder faced too many hurdles to build a mast for the spaceship
Builders have a number of hurdles to overcome when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building. One obstacle is the lack of suitable landing zones. The obstacle didn't deter Al Smith, who saw it as an opportunity to add a mooring mast to the top of the building so the airship could anchor there. The idea created another obstacle, the impossibility of the mooring masts falling on the roof of the building. The stress and wind pressure of the load must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. With this, the steel frame of the building will have to be modified and strengthened at the cost of @MONEY1 just to change the frame. In the end, this mooring mast for docking the airship never came up, and the architect should have seen potential problems at the outset.
In "The Mooring Mast," Marcia explains how Al Smith tried to place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to allow the blimp (airship) to stay for hours. Architects encountered a number of hurdles when trying to add masts to the Empire State Building's design. One of the obstacles was to retrofit the building so the airship's weight wouldn't put pressure on the foundations. "A 100-foot airship moored on top of a building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." (¶ @NUM1) Another obstacle preventing airships from docking on top of the Empire State Building is due to security issues. Most airships outside the U.S. use the highly flammable hydrogen gas, not helium. And because of New York's large population, fires are no doubt frequent. On May 6, 1937, even the owners of the Empire State Building were aware of the danger.
The Empire State Building's builders wanted to place a mooring mast on top of the building, but encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the obstacles is security. Most spacecraft at the time used highly flammable hydrogen, and if a spark entered the balloon, the entire spacecraft would catch fire. Eventually, the Empire State Building owners realized how much damage an accident could cause if it happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York," and stopped construction of the mooring mast. Another obstacle was "due to strong air currents." , the wind on top of the building is constantly changing", which will cause the airship to "spin around the mooring mast. The third reason is that even if there is some way to hold the airship still under all the air pressure, all the pressure of holding the airship still "must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." "All these issues have led to the scrapping of the mooring mast.
The first major problem faced by builders was that the airship, even with its propellers and rudders, was still at the mercy of the wind. And since the wind at the top of the building is described as "constantly changing due to strong air currents" (¶ @NUM1), it is unlikely to remain stable when it is moored at the Empire State Building. It's impossible to just dock an airship to a building, it's the only airship that even tries to dock on the Empire State Building, LA Navy ships can't get close to the building to pull up the mooring line because they're "afraid" the wind will pull the ship Blow into the spires of other buildings in the area, which will pierce the ship's hull. ( ¶ @NUM2) causing the ship to crash into the city. The second major hurdle is that there are so many things that can go wrong in public safety trying to park the ship on the Empire State Building. The airship could explode like the Hindenburg, too. It could hit one of the spires of surrounding buildings and fall to the ground, potentially killing or seriously injuring hundreds of people. That's why trying to dock a spaceship on the Empire State Building is an impractical idea.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. These obstacles are the safety reasons against it, the laws that make it illegal as well as nature (weather). In order for the ship to dock on the building, every aspect of the project had to be safe -- but it wasn't. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (¶ @NUM1). A German airship caught fire in New Jersey, and Empire State Building owners realized how bad a fire could be in densely populated downtown New York. Second, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" (¶ @NUM2), which would even make it illegal to try to approach buildings. In the end, nature doesn't change and suddenly collaborate for a project, and it's unpredictable when or if the weather will allow docking. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents...the rear of the boat will spin...hanging high above pedestrians on the street" (¶@NUM3). Sound safe, or practical? of course not. Ultimately, all the obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders were insurmountable, and the top of the building never became the airship's mooring mast.
The worker faced many difficulties while building the Empire State Building. Sence Al Smith is trying to compete with the Chrysler Building for the tallest building in his ever-growing Empire State Building. To make his building the tallest in the world, he added mooring masts. This mast will make the Empire State Building 1,250 feet tall. Builders had to redesign the entire building. They had to make sure the Empire State Building could support the mast. The mast was made so that the airship could land and people could get on and off it. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened." Builders secured the building's steel frame within two months. The building is on schedule. After a while, people started to realize that mas couldn't be used for airships due to the gusty winds at the top of the building.
When builders built the Empire State Building, they encountered many obstacles. One problem is the lack of suitable landing zones by @CAPS1 (paragraph 6). Al Smith came up with the idea of placing a mooring mast on top of the building to allow the spacecraft to land there, but there were a number of problems with the mooring mast. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot spaceship is moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame." (@NUM1 Paragraph) The architect must strengthen the foundation of the building. More than $60,000 was spent trying and modifying the building frame. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of a mooring mast is nature itself." (@NUM2 paragraph) The wind will change, the stern will spin, which is not safe. Another reason is that airships fly too low over urban areas. Having a mooring mast for the spacecraft to land is dangerous, violates some laws, and is a lot of work.
In this excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag. The obstacle they faced was the success of the craft and the mooring mast. The spaceships are giant steel-framed balloons with envelopes of cotton fabric. Filled with hydrogen and helium, making it lighter than air. Unlike balloons, airships can be steered by using propellers and rudders. like gandala. Another obstacle is the successful use of mooring masts. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. It could also hang down and hang over pedestrians, making it unsafe. All in all, these are the obstacles they have to face.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem they faced was that the airship moored to the top of the building added stress to the building frame, so the stress of the airship load had to be transferred all the way to the foundation. Another problem they face is that most craft outside of the US use highly flammable hydrogen, so it would be pretty bad if they got caught in a fire over densely populated downtown New York. In addition, there is already a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, so it is illegal for ships to even approach the area.
The hurdles faced by builders are avoidable by @CAPS1. The first hurdle they faced was the @CAPS2 landing space they had. If they thought about it a little longer, they would probably figure out a way to overcome the problem. Now @CAPS3 has a few hurdles to talk about the fate of the mast. Everyone, including Al Smith, should think about safety and that should be the number one priority. Builders should have seen this problem, a poor plan to build what @CAPS4 has done before.
At first, all the plans for the Empire State Building seemed perfectly reasonable. The craft will be attached to a mast at the top of the building and parked there as passengers disembark; easier said than done. Soon they started to realize all the flaws in this plan, with @NUM1 mainly @NUM2. ) After seeing how easy it was for "Hindenburg to be destroyed by fire", they realized that it would be too dangerous to fly a spacecraft over such a "populated area" e.g. the new city center @NUM3. ) When the navy ship Los Angeles tried to dock, "due to strong winds, it couldn't get close enough to tether." The light ship was windy as it stayed at @NUM4. ) @CAPS1 there is a problem with the wind, if the airship can be lashed in some way, "the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." @CAPS2, unlike the airship landing pad, hanging weights above the @CAPS3 city is just Too risky to hold down the airship's back. @NUM1. ) Unlike previously thought, airships were not the way of the future, and airplanes became the newer and more efficient way in the late 1930s. A good idea, but as they say: "Doomed to never achieve its purpose."
@CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 There are many obstacles trying to get the ship to dock there. One problem is the law. There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over cities. This makes it illegal for airships to be strapped to buildings or even near the area. Another problem they encountered was that the spacecraft was filled with hydrogen, not helium. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and if the spacecraft exploded over New York City, it would be catastrophic. The last problem for them @ORGANIZATION1 is wind. At the top of the building, the wind changed due to strong air currents. Even when the ship is strapped up, the rear end moves around. They thought of using a plumb bob on the back, but it wasn't safe for all of them.
The builders of the Empire State Building had the grand idea of including a mooring mast on which airships (also known as zeppelins or airships) could dock. While the idea is good, it creates many obstacles for builders. For example, when building the frame, a mast must be added to the top. The masts can't be lowered casually, but if the ship is parked there, it will put too much stress on the frame of the building. This discovery led them to have to modify the entire frame to make it stronger, which was very expensive. Another difficulty the builders faced was getting the spacecraft to dock in nature after construction was complete. The building is 1,250 feet high, so the winds at the top are constantly changing and dangerous, making it difficult for the spacecraft to stay still when parked. Also, what the builders didn't foresee was a law that prohibited airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. These two challenges ultimately render the mooring mast unusable
One obstacle for the builders was that it was very dangerous to hang airships in populated areas, as the Germans' airship was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937, and another obstacle was that it was illegal to fly airships at low altitudes in populated areas Yes . So Al Smith had to drop that plan.
Trying to dock the ship on the Empire State Building brought many conveniences to the builder. The airship is over a thousand feet long, which would make it practically impossible to dock, as its size would add stress to the building and the frame builder would have to rebuild and make the frame stronger. Most non-@CAPS1 ships are filled with hydrogen gas instead of helium, and I'm very flammable if a pedestrian who coughs and catches fire could be seriously injured. They later discovered an existing law on airships flying at low altitudes, making it illegal to fly them even near the Empire State Building
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to get the spacecraft to dock there. These builders were faced with a thousand-foot demountable boat moored on top of the building, which stood at 1,250 feet. Adding a single cable tether would add a lot of stress to the building frame, and workers would need to modify and strengthen the building frame. Another problem they didn't realize at first was the wind from the violent draft. Because of all these problems that weren't easy to solve, the idea of building a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building eventually disappeared.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the obstacles they face is the lack of suitable landing zones. The craft was thought to be able to anchor to the mooring mast for refueling or maintenance, however, another obstacle stood in the way; naturally. That's the biggest hurdle. The wind at the top of the building is always changing due to strong air currents. The builders were concerned that the stern would be "circling around the mooring mast", having said that, they concluded that they would be "hanging high above pedestrians in the street [which] is neither practical nor safe" .For safety, they ran into another hurdle. The whole building had to be retrofitted and reinforced, an investment of more than $@NUM1. Finally, there was already a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Faced with all the hurdles, it started from Not open to the public.
The main problems faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the ship were wind conditions and the distance of the ship from the building. Wind conditions made it difficult for builders to figure out how the spacecraft would be docked there. The wind near the top of the building is "constantly changing due to strong air currents". (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Another question for builders is how close the ship is to the building. In one case, as a test run, Los Angeles attempted to approach the mast, but it "couldn't get close enough to tie down...". Although the building is not what it was supposed to be, it is still one of the greatest buildings ever built.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of hurdles when trying to dock their spaceships. The first hurdle for builders was realizing that a ship moored on top of a building would add stress to the building's frame. The builders realized that wind pressure would spin the ship, which was not suitable for the building's foundation. Strengthening the structure of the building will cost more than $60,000. Workers also realized that the craft was flammable, and if something went wrong, it could wreak havoc in such a densely populated area. These obstacles put an end to the dream of installing a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building.
Throughout the excerpt, about trying to build the Empire State Building; the builders faced many difficult attempts trying to build a dock for the spaceship. A major problem is that the spacecraft cannot land on the flat roofs of buildings. This is explained in the @NUM1 paragraph of the excerpt. Another problem was that they had to design elevators and stairs for passengers so that they could reach the top of the building to board the ship. In addition to designing the stairs, they had to be able to build 102 floors for the area where the airship would land . This can be supported in reading paragraph 11 and @NUM2. After trying to build the massive structure, the builders encountered major safety issues at the end of construction. The builders don't think they'll have any issues or consider safety.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the hurdles is that "stresses from the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building." This means they have to spend more than @MONEY1 to create a framework that can withstand so much pressure. Another hurdle they face is that most spacecraft contain very flammable hydrogen. They were afraid that if the balloon caught fire, it would fall into the densely populated city below. There is nothing they can do to change this. The third hurdle they faced was "the constantly changing wind on top of the building due to strong air currents." This meant that the spacecraft was constantly moving as passengers tried to get on and off, which wasn't safe. These are some of the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
Builders' expectations were too high, and they faced many obstacles that they did not foresee. Safety is a big issue in allowing ships to dock there. The spacecraft "uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." For a densely populated city like New York, fires are prone to fire. Another obstacle that allows the ship to dock is nature. The wind can sometimes be too strong. As read, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." These threatening winds would keep the spacecraft from landing and use as a safe transport. The last hurdle is that it is illegal. @CAPS1 is the law that prohibits it. "This law will prohibit ships from being tied to structures," the reading says. With this law, the plan's chances of success are slim.
The builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the ship to dock on top of the Empire State Building. They couldn't add an all-steel mooring mast to the top of the building because that would add too much stress to the building's frame and foundation. If they were to add mooring masts, they would need to modify and strengthen the frame of the building. Another issue facing builders is safety. They had to take into account the fact that airships from outside the United States used highly flammable hydrogen. The building is located in a densely populated area of downtown New York. The final hurdle for builders is nature. The wind at the top of the building is very strong and the airflow changes frequently. This will make the ship rotate around the mast.
The Empire State Building is facing the Chrysler Building under construction. The Chrysler Building has a trick that shocked the public by building a 185-foot spire inside the building. Bringing it to @DATE 1 ft, 46 ft above the originally announced height of the Empire State Building. Soon to be the tallest building. The Empire State Building was doomed to fail its purpose
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. When the spacecraft is docked, it is held in place by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame. The top-to-bottom building steel framing had to be modified and reinforced to deal with this new situation, exceeding the cost of @MONEY1 for modifying the building's framing. When the owners of the Empire State Building found the Hindenburg destroyed by fire, they realized how bad the bin would be if it happened in downtown New York. If a docking accident happens and the spacecraft is full of hydrogen, it's bad for the workers and anyone around the building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One hurdle is that most spacecraft outside the U.S. use highly flammable hydrogen. Since downtown NYC is a densely populated area, this is not a good idea. Another obstacle they have to face is the weather itself. The Empire State Building is very high, so it's very windy. The wind on the roof is constantly changing in violent air currents. Nor did they consider the government when building the mooring masts. There is a law that says airships cannot fly to low altitudes in urban areas. It would be illegal if a boat even tried to use a mooring mast.
@CAPS1 of the Empire State Building facing @CAPS2 of the purfictle put a thousand foot ship on top of the building, but due to the wind there was no waiting in the back to keep the ship in place Now it is mentioned that the ship will swing back and forth and be at the Empire State Building A sharp point poked out of the corner and exploded, sending the spacecraft over New York City, trapping thousands of lives. @CAPS1 also faces @CAPS2 for the micheenery needed to reach the @CAPS4 mooring mast. Another hurdle that @CAPS1 had to face was getting the safety measures approved because of what happened at Hindenburg in Lakehurst, NJ.
Builders encountered many hurdles when building a moored ship. Airships so close to the ground are unsafe, especially in New York. Airflow from heights makes it more difficult for the machine to operate near buildings. Another factor contributing to this danger was that the craft were highly flammable due to hydrogen, which kept most of them afloat at the time. Many airships attempted to dock at the Empire State Building, but were unsuccessful.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles, structural problems, violations of laws, and keeping the ship safe in the air when trying to get the ship to dock there. The structural problem this will cause is the pressure on the foundations of the building being pulled by the airship. The builder is also breaking the law, because there is a law that says how low an airship can fly over an urban area, the airship is too low. The last hurdle for builders is keeping the ship safe in the air. This is due to the fact that airships can swing in high winds and can break. Another problem is that if it exploded, debris would fall into downtown New York.
Architects designed the Empire State Building to dock a zeppelin on top of it at a height of over @NUM1 feet, and no doubt it took a lot to go through. According to "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2, obstacles include adding stress to the frame of the building with the airship, as well as the design of the mooring mast itself. "The stress of the airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building" to ensure a safe docking, the article said. Mooring masts are mainly made of steel. Other issues faced by the architects were the wind factor, and keeping the zeppelin stationary in the "constant change" and "dramatic airflow" at @NUM2 feet. Safety implications were also taken into account, as the architect realized that if an accident like the Hindenburg happened again in New York City, the results could be catastrophic. As a result, the Empire State Building's zeppelin mooring mast was never commissioned.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts," there are various hurdles in the challenge of docking an airship on top of the Empire State Building's mooring mast. The first challenge for builders is nature. "The biggest obstacle...is nature itself." (@NUM1) High winds can cause the airship to swing unpredictably, making it unsafe. Another problem arose when the Hindenburg caught fire in New Jersey. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." (@NUM2) If a hydrogen-filled craft catches fire inside the Empire State Building, it could be very dangerous for the building and pedestrians below . The final hurdle is the law. "…current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas." (@NUM3) This law makes it illegal for any aircraft to fly very close to the Empire State Building. In the excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the builders encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the Empire State Building.
In @ORGANIZATION1's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders had many problems building the spaceship dock. One is the safety of wind and buildings and people. "Winds at the top of the building are constantly changing due to strong air currents...Using the Empire State Building is neither practical nor safe." Another hurdle for builders is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This law will make it illegal for ships to be tied to buildings or even approach the area." There's another problem. This is the structure and foundation of the building. To build the mast, the builders made more than $60,000 in structural modifications.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts," the hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders trying to get their ships docked there was how they could moor a thousand-foot ship on top of the building without "adding stress to the building frame." They Can't just add mooring masts to the flat roof of the Empire State Building, because "the ship's loads and wind pressure are transferred all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly 11,000 feet." @CAPS1 They have to find a solution, which is to modify And strengthen the steel frame of the Empire State Building. Over $60,000 was spent on modifications to the building's framing. Also, "instead of building a utilitarian mast with any decoration, they built a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel that can be illuminated from the inside", making level 101 a glass viewing area and @NUM1 level an open viewing area District platform.
While the plans for the mooring masts are optimistic, there are a number of hurdles that keep the plan from becoming a reality. The number one reason builders struggled to dock the spacecraft was for safety reasons. The helium gas that fills the balloon is highly flammable. If someone caught fire, that would be a threat to the whole of New York City. Second, high winds make the spacecraft unsafe. Paragraph @NUM1 states, "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will spin in circles...". Finally, builders face hurdles with existing laws when trying to get the craft docked on the mooring masts. Current law says that planes cannot fly too low over urban areas. These three main obstacles were faced by the builders of the Empire State Building. Because of these obstacles, mooring masts never became a reality.
In the excerpt, some of the obstacles they faced was that the building was the tallest in the world at 1,250 feet. Like it says in the @NUM1 paragraph. Another problem they encountered was the insecurity of the spacecraft. The Hindenburg, a helium-filled spacecraft caught on fire, occurred during construction. What if one of their ships catches fire over New York. The whole idea of a spaceship was considered dangerous. Finally, there are laws that say no plane can get that close to a city. The whole idea of "the future of travel" is very unpopular and impractical.
The hurdles facing builders are the weather, the height of the structure, the stability of the structure, and concerns about highly flammable gases from the craft. The spaceship dock there is subject to weather, as the wind can blow it around and knock it against nearby buildings. The structure needed to be stable at its height so the ship wouldn't knock over the Empire State Building. Author Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 said, "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation," which was necessary so the spaceship wouldn't knock over the Empire State Building and wipe out a lot of New York. Highly flammable gases require strict supervision because if they catch fire, the Empire State Building and pedestrians, as well as downtown New York, can catch fire. These reasons are the hurdles they faced and why the mooring masts were not completed and used.
One of the big problems with docking airships is government and laws. It is illegal to own such a low-flying aircraft. It said, "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law would prohibit ships from docking buildings or even approaching the area..." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Also One obstacle is security. Airships are flammable and can easily injure and kill people in the event of an accident. Too dangerous, "Most ships...use hydrogen...hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS2. @NUM2) Another issue is nature and weather. The wind is very high and strong there. Huge danger to the ship, "...violent air currents...the rear of the ship will spin...over pedestrians," (@CAPS2.@NUM3).
@ORGANIZATION3 wrote in her "Mooring Mast" excerpt that the Empire State Building's builders ran into obstacles when trying to build a dock for the airship. In late 1929, Alsmith was confident in the height and purpose of the building. Those who worked on the project for the mooring mast consulted experts at the US Naval Air Station, but ultimately found the project too much to handle. Due to the numerous problems they faced, masts never achieved their intended use, chief among them nature itself. It is practically impossible to build an airship high up on the summit of a building. The project's danger to New York civilians was also a drawback due to the inability to keep the airship under control in the wind and the high flammability of the vehicle. Speaking of which, there is also the issue of the law not allowing airships to fly at the altitude required for docking. The idea of a mooring mast is interesting, and the bee n realized spacecraft may have become more popular. However, the mooring mast was impractical and the obstacles it posed overcame the ambitions for which it was designed. "
The Empire State Building hangs high in the air (@NUM1 feet), the problem is that when the building is moving in the air, if you have something up to 50,000 pounds, it could be heavier than the building and tear it apart in a big storm. Docks sound like a good idea, but you'll need a winch and you'll have to put some big clips on the building to hold balloons or ships to dock and refuel. In paragraph @NUM2, @PERSON1 of the building's architectural office said: "The issue of mooring the airship on such a high fixed mast is not resolved, so it is hoped that the final installation of the landing gear will be postponed to a later date." If Owen decides to build an airship and Build an air station, then make new technology. Who knows in the future we can have cars that can fly in the air, why not put balloons on buildings.
They couldn't moor a thousand-foot ship on top of a building, held in place by a rope that would add stress to the building's frame.
The idea of using a mooring mast to dock a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building was never a practical idea. That's because when Al Smith's team tried to create a mooring mast for docking an airship, they encountered many difficulties. These obstacles include; the pressure of the docked airship on the building itself, the danger of strong winds causing the airship to shake violently, the possibility of the airship catching fire due to the flammability of hydrogen, and the fact that the airship will have to be too close to other structures in the area The first problem faced during the development of the mooring mast was the pressure on the building due to the weight of the spacecraft. "[The building's] steel frame had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate [the additional pressure from the ship]." The weight of the ship isn't the only factor that puts pressure on the building, as can wind pressure. The wind makes it difficult to build the structure of the mooring mast, because it not only increases the stress on the building, because the ship itself cannot stay in one place. Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the ship will rotate around the mooring mast. " Due to the possible flammability, a possible accident would be a fire. And because the spacecraft is so close to people, such as tourists on the observation deck of a building, a spacecraft catching fire (if it's filled with hydrogen rather than helium) could be more catastrophic than if it landed on an open field. Finally, the airship is so close to the city that it is illegal for such an airship to dock or even fly so close. For example, when Los Angeles tested the docking process with the Empire State Building's mooring mast, "due to strong winds, it couldn't get close enough to tie down." All of these were major obstacles in the construction of the Empire State Building, the mooring masts used to dock airships. This is also why the architects of the Empire State Building came to the conclusion that it was not practical to build the structure.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a very difficult obstacle when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the most difficult obstacles is "nature itself". There are very strong winds "constantly changing due to strong air currents". The rear of the craft moves around even when "tethered to the mooring mast." Additionally, airships typically land on open landing pads and are weighed down by lead. However, in a densely populated place like New York City, it is "neither practical nor safe" to weigh an airship with lead weights at an altitude of about 1,250 feet. Finally, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas," which means that the idea of a mooring mast on the Empire State Building is simply not practical.
When designing a mooring mast for the Empire State Building, architects and builders had to overcome many challenges. The first is the fundamental question of any transportation hub, how to move people and luggage around the terminal. Another more complex issue is how to compensate for the added stress on the building frame by airship loads and wind pressure. The Empire State Building framework redesign by @MONEY1 solved the problem. More ships are also constantly swaying due to high winds at the top of the Empire State Building. Heavy objects cannot be used to secure the airship, as it would pose a danger to people on the street below. Architects couldn't devise a way to hold it in place. Eventually, the idea of building a mooring mast for the airship on top of the Empire State Building was abandoned.
Despite high hopes for the attempt to dock the spacecraft on the Empire State Building, many obstacles have been encountered in making this dream a reality. One obstacle noted when designing the mast to be docked was that the height and weight of the airship would greatly increase the stress on the building's frame. This will then also be transmitted to the foundation of the building. There's clearly a bigger problem than the Empire State Building can handle. Another reason builders run into obstacles when they want to allow a ship to dock is for safety reasons. One of the most glaring issues is that most ships outside of @LOCATION2 are fueled by hydrogen, not helium. This poses a threat because hydrogen is highly flammable. As a result, putting densely populated areas like downtown New York at risk becomes a hurdle for builders. Nature itself is the last question of such a dream. Changing winds at the top of the building due to extreme drafts can easily cause the rear of the airship to rotate around the mooring mast. It is neither practical nor safe to put thousands of people under the building again. "As quoted in the article, "The Empire State Building's mooring masts are doomed to fail their purpose...", apparently against allowing ships to be docked on such a structure.
Well, because one of the barriers to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of landing zones for airships. So Al Smith decided to add a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building, where the ships could be parked and serviced for a few hours. And let passengers get on and off there. The Dirigibles are docked by an electric winch, which is drawn in a line from the front of the boat and tied to the mast. However, the electric winch cables can put stress on the building frame. The pressure and wind pressure of these airship loads is transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. The steel framing of the building should be strengthened or modified to accommodate this new situation.
Builders face many challenging obstacles to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. Builders first talked about Al Smith et al trying to make the Empire State Building the tallest building in the state so it would be a great front for travelers who raised it to @NUM1 feet. But now the hurdle is having a ship reach the highest point of the Empire State Building. Al Smith wanted the top of the Empire State Building to be a landing zone where they could refuel for hours or service and get passengers on and off the craft. So this is one of the hurdles that builders have to face in order to make it work.
Builders faced major problems when it came to constructing the mast and docking the Empire State Building. The idea of a spaceship dock was a good idea at the time, but faced structural and social problems at the same time. The architects also said that over time, the jetty and climate-changing docks will put pressure on the building's frame. This leads to more reconstruction and economic spending. Another issue facing builders is the location of the building itself. Newly built ships have hydrogen instead of helium, which makes them flammable. The Hindenburg burned down in a fire that left builders wondering what would happen if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York. The docking of the spacecraft resulted in a number of hurdles that culminated in the closure of the project. What was considered the future is now the past.
The Empire State Building faces different phases. They @CAPS1 made it fixed. Because it was the tallest building at the time, @CAPS1 it's better known.
According to experts, builders have a number of hurdles that builders have to face, from trying to get a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. One hurdle the builders had to face was that the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate the situation. The builders also had problems with the wind because "…the ship hit the spires of other buildings in the area, piercing the ship's hull.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's reading comprehension "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship because they wanted to add a mooring mast to the Empire State Building's flat roof and the spaceship would be able to moor The mooring mast is brought to the top of the building. The architects found that if they placed the mooring mast on top of the building, it would put pressure on the building's foundation.
When the architects of the Empire State Building tried to dock the spaceship there, they faced a formidable hurdle. Alsmith, who wanted to build the tallest building, said on December 11, 1929, that the Empire State Building would be 1,250 feet tall. It was decided to have a mooring mast at the top of the building for docking an airship like an airship. However, the airship is very spacious. Some are a thousand feet long. So a mooring mast sounds like a good fit. It will allow airships/airships to park there for refueling and for passengers to disembark. Currently, the use of the mooring mast has never been realized. The problem is that most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and the incident with the German spacecraft Hindenburg made the owners of the Empire State S realize how bad it would be if it happened over a densely populated area like New York. The wind at the top of the building is always changing. An airship attached to a mooring mast would spin the rear of the ship round and round. Can't add weight to press down on the back because the airship is just above the people walking on the street. Another practical reason is laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for airships to even approach buildings. A US Navy airship arrives at the mooring mast, December 1930. However, due to strong winds, it was unable to get close enough to hold the airship in place. The captain was too frightened to remove his hands from the controls. In the late 1930s, the idea disappeared, replaced by airplanes.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. These obstacles include having to redesign and modify building structures, the danger of ship fires, cyclones and state laws. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@NUM1) This is because the building was not originally built to have that capability. This means that in order to do this, more than $60,000 in modifications must be spent. Another hurdle to face is the natural dangers of the spacecraft. As the Hindenburg shows, the airship has the potential to catch fire. If the same accident happened in the densely populated area of New @CAPS1, it would be a disaster. Another obstacle is that the wind above the building is always spinning fast. "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship will spin and spin around the mooring mast" (@NUM2) It would be dangerous if something this big was spinning round and round . The final hurdle for builders is state law @CAPS2 aircraft fly as low as the mooring mast. This would make the use of mooring masts illegal. This should be considered. Poor master planning created a lot of hurdles for the builders to keep the ship docked there.
Architects hit a snag while building the Empire State Building. A @NUM1 foot spaceship is moored to the top of the building, secured by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame. Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of a building. The observation area will double as a boarding area for the spacecraft's passengers. Once the building framing is complete, the roof must be completed before the framing of the mooring masts. The mast has a steel skeleton and wraps the glazing in stainless steel. The Empire State Building's mooring mast was doomed to fail its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," builders have to overcome obstacles when building a dock for their spaceship. Builders have to think about how the mast works. It says in paragraph 9: "Architects cannot simply place the morning mast on the flat roof of @ORGANIZATION1. A thousand-foot ship is moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether that will give the building frame increase the pressure". Builders had to modify the building. "As it says in paragraph 10," instead of building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that will be illuminated from within, A stepped design mimics the shape of the overall building itself. "The hurdles the builders overcame allowed them to use the mast efficiently.
The architects of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to dock the spaceship. One of the main reasons is nature. Wind/draft is a big risk. "Fear that the wind will blow the ship against the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which will pierce the ship..." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This is a problem no one can solve, no one can control the wind. Another big impact on mooring masts is the law. “Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas” (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This law will make it impossible to take full advantage of transportation. These obstacles could not be overcome by the architects, and the original idea of the project was quickly forgotten.
The builders of the Empire State Building had some problems getting the ship to dock there. One of the problems is that they don't have real landing gear. Landing a ship on the ground is very difficult, but it is almost impossible in mid-air. Another reason is that it is very insecure. The pilot of the airship had to land it about NUM1 feet in the sky, and if they screwed up, they could die. Another reason is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for people to land it there. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems when trying to build a dock for the spaceship.
When building the Empire State Building, workers faced a number of hurdles: building the world's tallest structure, making it serve a larger purpose than just a building, and most importantly, it had to be stable. Designing and building the tallest structure in the world is @CAPS2 by architect Al Smith, whose building must be taller than the 1,046-foot Chrysler Building. The Chrysler Building was originally @NUM1 feet, while the Empire State Building was planned to be @NUM2 feet. But when the Chrysler Building's architect revealed the spire to be placed on top, the Chrysler Building soared to 1,046 feet, just 46 feet taller than the Empire State Building. The game begins. When Al Smith was building a piece that would fit on top of a skyscraper, he wanted "not just a spire or a dome or a pyramid to put in there to add the few feet needed" (@NUM3 paragraph), he wanted some Something that truly leaves people in awe. With the popularity of airships or airships, Smith decided to build a docking station for them on top of his building. Although, a lot of effort and frustration proved the task impossible. The main reason is that there is too much room for error and not wanting to take chances in the crowded @ORGANIZATION3 city below. Hints are still being added though, putting the Empire State Building at 1,250 feet, @NUM4 feet, and then the Chrysler Building. Buildings seem to face @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are elements. Huge structures have to withstand very high winds. Most of the building is weatherproof, the only problem is the top. Its design looks almost like a rocket ship, with four wings on the bottom. The lined steel structure still exists today. Most of the challenges faced by the crews who built this magnificent building seemed impossible, but they created what they intended to build. It remains the tallest in the world to this day.
Builders face three main @CAPS1: Safety, Nature and Law. The first obstacle they face is safety. Many airships use hydrogen gas instead of helium. Helium is @CAPS2 gas, while hydrogen is @CAPS3 flammable. The second obstacle they face is nature. The wind from @CAPS4 blows the Blimps away from the target, since they are not pneumatic, it is @CAPS5 to steer them. The third hurdle is a law that says Blimps can't fly too low, so if another @CAPS1 doesn't exist, it's still illegal. IN conclusion, they should build a @CAPS6 because @CAPS7 is better than Blimps.
Some of the hurdles builders faced in building the Empire State Building's mooring masts was that the building wasn't stable enough to tether the airship. They easily solved this problem by making a stronger exoskeleton. Another hurdle they face is high winds and the ability to get passengers on and off. They never solved the problem, so the mooring project was closed. There were so many hurdles facing builders that the project quickly became impossible and never completed.
In downtown New York, Al Smith and his builders encountered many obstacles in building and mooring his craft on a mooring mast that ultimately failed. He planned to stop in New York because that's where most of the passengers are, and Smith would see success there. The airship was made "with a giant steel-framed balloon and a cotton fabric envelope filled with hydrogen and helium" (paragraph @NUM1), which Smith did not realize at the time, "hydrogen is highly flammable" (paragraph @NUM2) and that cotton fabric is also Will catch fire; it would be a dangerous hazard if any incident occurred in a "populated area". Another hurdle they dealt with was "the Empire State Building can't have more airships. It's an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas" (@NUM3 paragraph), since it's illegal to dock airships in low ground, it can't That doesn't happen to Smith, and for the size of the ship, it's too long to hit one of the other buildings. Not only that, "Due to strong winds, the mooring masts could not be brought close enough to be moored. Worried that the wind would blow the airship onto the sharp spires of buildings in the area" (@NUM3 paragraph), it is likely to happen It's because there are many buildings in New York that are closely connected to each other. Faced with all these problems they faced; failed; the spaceship was not Al Smith's future vehicle, and all of his plans ultimately failed.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One of the obstacles is the structure of the building. A 100-foot-long craft is moored to the top of the building, secured by a cable tether. This can add stress to the frame of the building. Stresses from spacecraft loads and wind pressure "must be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation," which lies nearly 1,100 feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1 titled "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders ran into a snag while trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is nature. That's because the wind at the top of the Empire State Building has changed a lot due to bad weather. Even when it's tethered, the airship moves around, another challenge is safety. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." This is not safe because if the airship catches fire inside the building, 102 floors could be destroyed. Also because downtown New York is a very densely populated place. That's the hurdle the Empire State Building faced when it came to creating an airship dock.
Problems with mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building should have been foreseen before construction. The workers who built it must have bucked the trend in the process. The top of the Empire State Building has been in a weather crisis "with changing winds due to strong air currents". This means the ship attached to the mooring mast will sway in the wind. On land, the airship has lead dead weight that can weight the back so it doesn't sway, but it's impractical to hang on crowded city streets. Furthermore, the building cannot support the spacecraft without transferring its energy back to the foundation. This meant that the entire building had to be reinforced to transfer energy. It is also illegal for blimps to fly this low over urban areas, and since most @CAPS1 blimps use hydrogen, a highly flammable substance, the safety of the project has been questioned. After the Hindenburg, people seemed more reluctant to support such a project, and even the owners of the Empire State Building realized how catastrophic an accident in a place like downtown New York could be. Overall, the theory of mooring masts at the top of the Empire State Building will remain a theory due to foreseeable obstacles.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock. Just getting a thousand-foot airship down on top of a building is a huge hurdle for a person. It is not good to have an airship on a building secured by a cable tether. So the builders had to work on the steel frame of the building so the ship wouldn't put too much stress on the building. This was a huge hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building had to face.
Engineers involved in building the Empire State Building encounter a series of obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship, and they're forced to face reality. The main question is the usefulness of this dock creation. While the idea was innovative, it wasn't practical because spaceships were never destined to become a popular vehicle. The failure to create the idea is its focal point. This is because the goal of this work is not to create a successful dock, but to add footage to the building. If the focus is different, the results may be more valuable. Technical problems also arise. For legal, safety and practical reasons, it cannot operate. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen", creating an extreme fire hazard in populated areas that would turn into a death trap. The airship's anchor can only hold it at one point, allowing the airship to spin dangerously in the wind. Lead weights are the only solution to this problem, it disturbs pedestrians. There's also a "current law prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas," making the project completely impractical. Two attempts to reach the building failed, showing the authenticity of the flaw. Wind and other complications are preventative. All in all, the builder is doomed to fail due to the plethora of flaws in this project.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. One hurdle is finding a way to secure the end of the airship without letting it flutter in the wind or putting people below at risk. Another hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The final hurdle is the danger of hydrogen craft. For many, these obstacles far outweigh the practicality of the mooring mast .
One of the obstacles that had to be faced was that they had to make it higher because it was considered the tallest building. They also had problems, so they had to keep fixing it.
There was a major problem with the spacecraft docking with the Empire State Building. The main problem is that the mooring masts are so high in the air and downtown New York, where the Empire State Building is located, is so crowded. If something goes wrong, it will affect a very large area because New York is such an urban area. It was a good idea, but Al Smith didn't take all the precautions he needed. Because if it does go wrong, a lot of things can go wrong because downtown New York is such a crowded area. This was the main hurdle the builders had to overcome to get the ship docked on the Empire State Building's mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle is safety. How do we safely land thousands of feet above the ground while it floats freely in mid-air, the builder thought to himself? Plus, when you try this, you'll be on a crowded New York street. If there is a glitch or error in the docking, thousands of people could lose their lives. It's easier to lend a ship in an open field than in mid-air, because you have more space, you can plant the ship on safe ground, and you can hold it down so it doesn't move around. Landing in the open field is dangerous, however, as the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on @DATE1 in @LOCATION2, New Jersey. This example shows that if this happened mid-air on a crowded street or block in New York City, more casualties would be recorded. These obstacles are real, and that's part of the reason why the idea of having the spaceship landed in mid-air slowly fades away, because it's not the most logical idea.
The conundrum that builders faced when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building were the laws of the building that flew that low. They also faced structural problems with the building, which could not accommodate the spacecraft. They also couldn't stop the ship from moving because of the wind. They face safe ishuse because some ships are filled with hydrogen and are very flammable. They don't want fires in densely populated areas. They don't want what happened with the German spacecraft Hindenburg in New Jersey to happen in downtown New York. The ship was never docked there and never will be there because it is not safe.
An excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2 "Mooring Masts" describes the creation of a mooring mast, and its purpose to extend the height of the Empire State Building. Although in the 1930s, mooring masts received attention as a docking area for airships (also known as airships today). After the 85th floor frame was completed and the steel and stainless steel glazing mast skeleton was completed, questions about the landing airship surfaced among the public. There are @NUM1 main reasons why the Empire State Building mooring mast was never actually finished. One reason is safety. The excerpt explains how ships outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Also, using hydrogen is extremely flammable. They used the example of the destroyed German diriglie Hindenburg, which caught fire at @LOCATION1. The second reason is the wind current problem. The wind was very violent. Airships will move and sway a lot under the influence of strong winds. The mobile airship hangs above @DATE2 feet of urban areas at least, which is not at all safe for people walking under it. The third is that the airship flying too low over the city is an illegal problem area and a safety hazard for people. It is illegal to tie an airship to a mooring mast above a city where someone runs the risk that it could fall on a person.
According to an excerpt from The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, four-term New York Governor Al Smith aspires to build the world's tallest building; even @NUM1 feet taller than the Chrysler Building. He also wanted the building to be aesthetically pleasing rather than ordinary. His determination led him to the mooring mast, which itself presented an additional obstacle. "The stress of the spacecraft load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building". This meant that the framework had to be revised and strengthened. Other obstacles include the fact that the airship is highly flammable and could cause massive chaos if it is flown over densely populated areas such as downtown New York. In addition, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents", which means that even with the airship tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will spin around, which is "neither practical nor safe".
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship to dock on it. The first hurdle the builder encountered was the ability of the ship to dock on the building due to the structure of the building. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, will add stress to the frame" (@NUM1). The frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened for the project to work properly. The next problem is the use of hydrogen in extremely flammable spacecraft. If the airship is destroyed by fire, anyone under the airship could be in danger when docked. The biggest problem for builders is the violent airflow. Due to the changing winds, the rear of the spacecraft will constantly rotate as it docks. Mooring masts are not a safety idea that will never work.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to dock the spaceship. Builders can't just land a ship that's one step away from the Empire State Building. This can put a lot of pressure on the building. According to paragraph @NUM1, it says "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot spaceship moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether, will add stress to the building. framework.” A $60,000 modification to the framework had to be made. Another hurdle they were worried about was that they noticed that it would be worse if the spacecraft caught fire on top of the Empire State Building. It will destroy part of the population because it will be in the heart of New York City. In paragraph @NUM2, the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. It said the rear of the ship would rotate around the mooring mast even if the craft was tethered to the mooring mast. Airships parked in open landing pads can be held down behind with a plumb bob, but with state buildings they would be unsafe to hang over pedestrians.
One of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock the airship was the change in structure and the additional cost and time to complete the building, which would have had a flat roof, but in order to dock the airship, they had to build a A mooring mast in the shape of a rocket. Another problem for builders is that the building and their idea of docking the airship are approved by experts. @ORGANIZATION1 Must visit for equipment and mooring operations. The safety of passengers on the spacecraft is very important and a huge obstacle to the construction of the Empire State Building. Two floors will be designated for passengers. Experts had to build a door strong enough to carry people and keep the airship from swaying in high winds.
When building the Empire State Building, builders had to consider the safety of allowing the ship and its passengers to dock there. They had to consider the wind on top of the building. Wind currents change drastically at the top of the building, as they cannot hold down the back of the ship, which spins around the mooring mast. They must also consider ships from other countries. The hydrogen used in these ships is more flammable than helium ships.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the Empire State Building's builders ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. While this sounds like a good idea and seems feasible at first, it is not. @CAPS1 The idea of a mooring mast for the State Building is neither practical nor safe. In paragraph 14, Marcia explains why the idea of flying is not so safe. “The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. In the last sentence of paragraph 14, the author states another reason why the idea is unsafe and practical. “They would hang above pedestrians in the street. "
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to dock the spaceship to the mast. A major problem was that the original Empire State Building "...cannot simply place a mooring mast" on top of the building because "...a single cable tether would add to the framing of the building" Pressure. The load and wind pressure of the pressure airship must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building..." Over $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's frame. One of the reasons the spacecraft was never docked on the mooring masts was "the changing winds on top of the buildings due to the strong airflow." This made it impossible for the spacecraft to even get close to mass without being pierced by other structures. Also, "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." This makes it illegal to dock an airship even on top of the Empire State Building. The spacecraft contained "highly flammable" hydrogen. Had the Hindenburg incident happened in New York, the accident would have been "worse". These reasons lead to problems for the builder and explain why the mooring mast was never used.
The builders of the Empire State Building could not build the mooring mast for the airship on top of the building because it was too high and the roof of the Empire State Building was too flat. Building mooring masts takes a lot of effort as they have to take care of wind pressure and secure cables to the top of the building. They designed the @NUM1 floor with glass to provide observation and boarding areas for the spacecraft passengers. However, it has many problematic buildings. At first, helium was flammable, so it was too dangerous and the accident could have been worse. They believe that the biggest obstacle to the successful use of a mooring mast is nature, as the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents, so it can withstand the worst accidents and still be unsafe.
The intended use of a building is often challenged. In @PERSON1's article "The Mooring @CAPS1" discusses the hurdles faced when allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building. The first hurdle faced is stated in paragraph @NUM1 that when a pier is built on top of a building, the entire building must be reinforced. This is a hurdle because it will come at the expense of @MONEY1. Another hurdle to face is the weather. Violent air currents raged above the building. These currents can cause the boat to spin in and around the mooring. The final hurdle in allowing ships to dock is the law. According to the article, "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas...which would make it illegal for ships to moor a building." The cost, weather, and laws of hardening a building are the cost, weather, and laws when mooring airships at the Empire State Building. three obstacles.
The workers who built the Empire State Building encountered many problems building the dockable mooring masts for the spaceship, two of which were unpredictable winds at that altitude and foreign spaceships that used hydrogen instead of helium. “The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent airflow. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast and Around." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This line shows how unsafe it is for a ship to dock so high. High winds can cause the airship to loosen, causing it to fly away, making it unsafe for pedestrians. Also, "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) This suggests another safety hazard for workers. If something goes wrong, the ship could catch fire and crash onto a large number of pedestrians. These two are reasons or problems that workers have when deciding whether it is safe or easy to dock a spacecraft on the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems in realizing the idea of having the spaceship docked there. First of all @CAPS1 is a major problem, many Blimps are filled with extremely explosive hydrogen. Second, the winds at the top of the tower were so strong that docking was very difficult, if not impossible. In the end, it's illegal; in New York, there's a law that prohibits @CAPS2 from flying low and stops it from docking on buildings where it would fly in illegal airspace. The main hurdles facing builders are @CAPS1 concerns, high winds and the illegality of their projects.
According to an excerpt from The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of @ORGANIZATION1 tried to get the ship docked there. Paragraph @NUM1 states, "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building frame." The building's architects had to redesign the entire building to be able to accommodate these ships. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built" (¶ @NUM2). This is a huge hurdle as safety and other issues prevent the mast from performing its duties. “The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself” (¶ @NUM3). High winds, downpours and extreme heat can all spell disaster for urban areas. These are the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building @ORGANIZATION1 are trying to get their ships to dock there.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Nature itself is one of the biggest obstacles they face. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." Also, "ships parked in open landing pads, can be held down behind with lead weights, but with those from the Empire State Building, they will be suspended from the street. Above pedestrians, neither practical nor safe. Another reason airships can't be docked there is because the law prohibits airships from flying too low into urban areas. In general, the builders of the Empire State Building had trouble trying to dock airships there. many obstacles.
In an excerpt from @PERSON1 @CAPS1's "Mooring Masts", the hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to get their spaceships docked were numerous. In my own opinion, I think the Empire State Building is familiar to different people, but not many people know the purpose of providing a landing spot for airships. For example, "The biggest reason is safety: most states use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." In short, it's a way of how they face obstacles. The barriers of the Empire State Building and how the builders tried to get all the ships parked there with transport. In my own opinion, transportation allows people to get from one place to another, such as "@DATE1's spaceship is hailed as the transportation of the future. What I just mean is that it allows passengers to go everywhere. In conclusion, these two An example describes an obstacle and allows the ship to dock there.
The hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to dock the spacecraft was the lack of a suitable landing zone. In the excerpt, they say "one obstacle to their widespread use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones". Another obstacle is climate such as wind pressure. For example, they say that "the stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1,100 feet below." The next hurdle is ships from outside the United States. The German spacecraft used flammable hydrogen. They said: "Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. This was an obstacle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spacecraft.
According to @ORGANIZATION2's article "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. @ORGANIZATION2 states in paragraph @NUM1, "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose for reasons that were obvious before it was built." One reason is safety. Ships built outside of @LOCATION1 contain hydrogen instead of helium, which is wrong because hydrogen is highly flammable. Another reason is because of the wind. They are constantly changing, they are turbulent currents, they move the ship. Another reason, and the most important, is that the spaceship can't be parked at the Empire State Building because it's illegal. There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, and it is illegal for a boat to be permanently tied to a building or even close to it. Builders have gone through many hurdles.
Like many obstacles in life. When you're trying to create a new invention that isn't easy. So there were a lot of hurdles in building an airship docking area on the Empire State Building. One of those obstacles is wind. One cannot control the wind or anything in the wind. So when the wind is strong, the rear of the airship will swing back and forth. When the Navy tried to tether the ship, they couldn't get it close to the mooring mast because of the high winds. This is an obstacle to building a docking area. Another obstacle is security. Spaceships use gas instead of helium and are therefore very flammable. They also don't have much control. If the ship crashes, it will kill a lot of pedestrians. If the Navy can work around those hurdles, the spacecraft would be a good idea. They are hard to fix, but it may be possible. A better idea, though, is to get rid of them.
Builders encountered a lot of hurdles in building the Empire State Building. They had to build it higher than any other building, but at the same time make sure it was stable. They also had to finish the top of the building perfectly or the airship wouldn't be able to land. Eventually, the spacecraft landed safely enough that people could disembark to visit the top of the building.
In building the masts for the spacecraft to allow them to dock, architects overlooked seeing many flaws waiting to happen. First of all, it is illegal to let the plane fly that low to the ground. Most airships are mainly composed of highly flammable hydrogen, so it is not safe to fly over populated areas. The wind on the roof is also strong, and the airship may be pushed to the side of the building and pierced by sharp objects. In short, the whole idea of landing a ship on the Empire State Building was an accident waiting to happen.
The architects of the Empire State Building faced too many challenges when trying to build a dock for the spaceship. The first is security. It would be catastrophic if a hydrogen zeppelin caught fire over New York City. It could start a huge city fire. Also, the winds there are capricious, which will make docking and staying docked very difficult. The navy tried, but it didn't work because the wind wouldn't allow them to get close to the mast. Third, there are laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over cities, which really puts an end to the whole idea. The plan was dangerous from the start, even though it was really good.
According to the excerpt, the hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the ship to dock there was the pressure of the ship's load, which had to be transmitted all the way below the foundation of the building, which was 1,110 feet high. But the biggest obstacle is the wind, which is constantly changing due to the drastic airflow.
From an excerpt from Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION1's "Mooring Masts" Builders face the hurdle of getting their ships docked on the Empire State Building. One hurdle for builders is the lack of a suitable landing zone on the roof. For this reason, they need more space to dock the ship. Later they had to put a steel needle on top of the Empire State Building so the balloons could dock and let people out. The next hurdle they faced was "using hydrogen instead of helium outside of the US, and hydrogen is highly flammable. So if it blows up a building, it's risky to put a craft on top of a building. Another releases The obstacle is that it is illegal for an airship to fly too low over an urban area because it would get trapped and strong winds would blow it in a different direction. So if the wind might force the balloon to go in a different direction and hit other Buildings, if windy. These are the obstacles builders face in @ORGANIZATION1's "Mooring Masts" excerpt.
The success of the Empire State Building mooring mast was hindered by a number of obstacles. Safety is one of the most important reasons, because "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is flammable." @CAPS1 Starting with a densely populated city like New York can hurt a lot people. Nature also proved to be a hindrance, as "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This would cause the craft to "spin around the mooring mast," which is neither practical nor safe. It is also difficult to control the airship once it is strapped to the mast due to the vigorous motion it is in. There is also an existing law that "prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". The law makes it illegal for any airship to be near or tied to a mooring mast. All of these obstacles are faced by builders of mooring masts, which ultimately lead to disregard for the idea of using mooring masts for ships.
According to the excerpt, the obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders were all in vain. They spent extra money to restructure things, but it wasn't necessary. Even if they found a way to dock the spaceship, it would already be illegal to fly near a city.
While the idea of allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building was seriously considered, safety and reality was an impractical feat. In order for the mooring mast to successfully secure the ship, the frame of the building had to be modified beyond @MONEY1. Still @CAPS1 gets in the way, the biggest is security. Most ships other than @LOCATION2 use hydrogen instead of the highly flammable helium. The owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad an airship fire could be, especially if it happened over densely populated New York City. Wind is also a serious factor in ruining the idea. If the airship were to be tied to the mast, the swinging stern and lead weight would be impossible. Hanging lead blocks over pedestrians on the streets of New York is neither practical nor safe. Another hurdle is that current laws do not allow airships to fly very low or too close to urban areas. Even if you tried, it was difficult for the boat to dock due to strong winds. These @CAPS1 were all stumbled upon while trying to get the ship docked in the building, the idea is no longer considered.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles, such as security, weather and policy, when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the most obvious concerns is the security of docking. Airships run on highly flammable hydrogen. If something were to happen while refueling the ship, it could do extreme damage to the populated areas below it. Another hindering factor is the weather at such high altitudes. At 1,250 feet above the ground , the wind was constantly changing direction due to the "violent draught" so high Also, mooring the airship proved difficult because the wind was too strong for the airship to get close enough to the building. The last glaring hurdle is the law that says airships can't fly at low altitudes in urban areas. This made mooring docks illegal when in use and made airship captains aware that being so low and close to many buildings made docking airships challenging and dangerous.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," we learn that there are many obstacles to landing a ship on top of the Empire State Building. An obstacle can be found in paragraph @NUM1, which says: "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." As you can see, when the craft lands on the building The use of hydrogen poses a huge danger to New York City when it comes to the top of things. This is a densely populated place and can be very dangerous. Another example of a barrier can be seen in paragraph @NUM2. It states, "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." @CAPS1 Gone with the wind. Lüsted tells us about the terrifying dangers of airflow at the top of the Empire State Building. All in all, there were many obstacles in the way to get the spacecraft to dock, and ultimately that's why it didn't work out.
The Empire State Building was originally the tallest building in the great world. While they did achieve their height goals, the real purpose of the building was never used. The building was supposed to serve as a docking station for these new types of airships called blimps. However, it is not. There were some obvious reasons before it was built. One of the biggest obstacles was nature itself. The wind at the top of the building was too strong for the ship to be safely anchored. The rear of the boat would rotate around the mooring mast and it would be impractical to try to hold it down with bricks. Another problem faced is that the law makes it illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even approach the area. But two ships did try to land. The USS Los Angeles was too dangerous to land. Finally, the Empire State Building was never used as a station for the spacecraft.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. These obstacles include increased stress on the building's frame, the excerpt states in paragraph 9 that "a thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether, will add stress to the building's frame." This barrier could cause the entire building structure to collapse, resulting in death and extensive destruction. Another obstacle includes nature. The excerpt reads in paragraph 14: "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." These violent air currents could cause the airship to lose control and strike the building and other surrounding structures. The stress of the Empire State Building and nature itself are the two main obstacles faced by builders.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face a lot of hurdles to get the spacecraft to land there. One of the obstacles was the "stelfame plan to alter the existing building". Another thing is that the natural wind won't let the airship land there. But the biggest reason is safety: "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable".
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is in paragraph 6, where the excerpt says, “One obstacle to expanding use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone.” This means that architects need to build enough area to land the craft with precision and care. Another obstacle is in paragraph @NUM1, it says, "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." This shows that nature's outcomes are predictable, but not controllable. The amount of "violent draught" would interfere with the landing of the airship, making it "neither practical nor safe" to hang the airship over pedestrians in the street. Unfortunately, Al Smith's plan to park the ship at the Empire State Building was unsuccessful. In paragraph @NUM2 there is a law that says "it is illegal for a boat to dock a building or even near the area". Instead of using mooring masts, airships gave way to aircraft.
The ship's builders encountered many obstacles when trying to dock them. One obstacle is that "airships flying low" are illegal in urban areas. It is illegal for it to be "tied to a building". The purpose of an airship is to be able to dock on a mast. A mast or airship serves no purpose if it can't fly to the mast and dock. If they can dock, they will need to be weighed down by lead. The problem with heavy objects is that they can hang over pedestrians. This is "neither practical nor safe" for pedestrians on the street. If the ships are docked on top of buildings, they will be held in place by a cable. All the stress on the cables puts stress on the building frame. If this happens, they will have to strengthen and modify the foundation of the building. Overall, the main obstacle they faced was not thinking about their spaceship plans. If they think passing these obstacles is avoidable.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock. Many foreign spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium to keep them afloat. Hydrogen is extremely flammable and has been shown to be. On @DATE1, a German airship, the Hindenburg, was destroyed in a hydrogen-fueled fire in New Jersey. When the owners of the Empire State Building saw the seriousness of the situation, they were shut down. If anything, it's naturally the biggest hurdle of all of them. Given how tall the building is, "the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong wind currents". The law is very important if anything is to be approved, and there is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal for ships to dock on buildings or even approach the area.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some of those issues included designing the mast and making sure it was secure enough for the craft to dock. According to the excerpt, "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." This meant that the builders would have to change their plans for how the building was constructed to be able to accommodate the airship. The security conflict came into play after they constructed a new layout for the building. In paragraph @NUM1 states, "The biggest reason is safety: most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." Another big safety concern is "nature itself". "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing because of the strong air currents." The air currents forced them to tether the spacecraft, but even that was dangerous because it would hang over pedestrians in the street. The design and safety of the building are both huge hurdles that builders face when trying to get their ships docked there.
They had to worry about getting on board. Provide safety for people to stay still when parked. How they appealed to @CAPS1 for help, and if something goes wrong with @CAPS2, the possible outcome is out.
When the builders of the Empire State Building built mooring masts for airships, they faced obstacles that could jeopardize the project. Builders must pay particular attention to two aspects, structural integrity and design. Since "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of a building," builders had to modify the building's framing. These modifications cost more than @MONEY1. Another aspect that poses a barrier is design. Architect John Tauranac described plans to make the mast "more than decorative" and "more than mundane things like a water tank. So, to fulfill the architect's lofty ambitions, the builders built a "flash" Bright glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel towers will be illuminated from within. This requires a lot of extra work by the builder. Despite the obstacles, the boiler got the job done.
In the excerpt "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle is that architects can't install mooring masts on top of buildings, because the spacecraft will be, "...secured by a single cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This will cause the building to weaken the frame due to the airship's load and wind pressure. The pressure will then be transferred down to the foundation of the building. As a result, the frame of the building was revised at a cost of "over sixty thousand dollars" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Another hurdle was designing the mooring masts so passengers could be taken "...down to the eighty-sixth floor, where there will be luggage and ticketing areas" (@CAPS1 @NUM3). To accomplish this, the builder had to finish the roof. In the end, "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself" (@CAPS1 @NUM4). When the wind acts on top of the building, the ship will rotate around the mast. This poses a safety hazard to pedestrians on the street. Mooring masts support a number of reasons, the obstacles builders have to face when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
In @PERSON1's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the author describes the many hurdles builders face in order to dock the craft. The first issue was the modifications that had to be made to the building frame. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made," an indication of how expensive the product would become. The second potential problem is "the changing wind direction at the top of the building". This can lead to many different complications. One of them is "the wind will blow the ship to the sharp spire," a consequence that the Los Angeles Violet fears. Another problem with changing winds is ship rotation, which can lead to disaster. They refused to use the impractical, which eventually led to the collapse of the mooring mast.
In the excerpt, the builders and architects who built the Empire State Building encountered many problems when trying to construct the mast on top of the building. One reason is that they built it before even thinking about the problems it could cause. The biggest concern is safety: "The hydrogen used in the craft is very flammable." Another concern is wind: "They'll never be able to use the mooring masts because of the high winds moving at that altitude." If the craft is strapped to a building , "The rear end of it will spin around the mooring mast." Small boats moored in the fields can be held down with lead weights, but using those @NUM1 feet above downtown NY is simply not safe. The final issue is a law that prohibits airships from flying low over cities and pedestrians. So, needless to say, it won't work.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were many. The architects couldn't simply put the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, which was held in place by only a single cable tether. This increases the stress on the building frame. To be able to withstand the ship's load, the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced, costing more than $60,000. Another obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is always changing, which can cause the stern to spin around the mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle facing architects is the stress the cable tethers put on the building's foundation. In paragraph @NUM1, Lüsted mentioned, "The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." A very expensive problem to solve. Another challenge builders faced when trying to dock the spacecraft was the lack of safety. Ships from outside the United States use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. In the @NUM2 Lüsted segment, "The Empire State Building owners realized how bad an accident could get if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." The number one hurdle for builders was nature itself. The gust of wind on the roof kept changing. Reason in paragraph @NUM3 Lüsted. "Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." This is neither practical nor safe. The hurdles builders face are staggering, so the idea has quietly faded away
Taken from "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2, which describes the many obstacles the Empire State Building's builders tried to dock the spaceship. The building's mooring mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose. One example is that most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen. The US mainly uses helium, which is not as flammable as hydrogen. Fortunately, the owners of the Empire State Building understand that if hydrogen ships are used at the Empire State Building, horrific accidents can occur. Another obstacle for builders is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. This is not safe for pedestrians below. These are the hurdles the builders encounter when trying to get the ship to dock.
Marcia @CAPS1's article "Mooring Masts" explains the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock their spaceships. No one realized that the building wasn't strong enough for a thousand-foot-long ship to dock there. This pressure and wind pressure will be "transmitted to the foundation of the building". The steel frame also needed reinforcement, costing more than $60,000. Several other problems have arisen because of pedestrian safety concerns: Most foreign spacecraft use the highly flammable hydrogen fuel instead of helium. Everyone involved in the project realized that if hydrogen caused a fire, many people living in downtown NYC could be killed there @CAPS2, and the spacecraft would hang 1,250 feet above the crowded @CAPS3, endangering countless pedestrians. @CAPS2 There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, which makes it "unlawful for ships to park on buildings or even approach the area". Although the Empire State Building never fulfilled its purpose, it is an international landmark in downtown New York.
While they were trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders ran into obstacles that ultimately stopped the whole idea from moving forward. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong air currents" (@NUM1 row @NUM2) Because the wind on top of a building is constantly changing, there is no safe way to moor a lighter-than-air blimp on top of a tall building. The wind also created another problem, as if the captain let go of control, the ship could spear another pointy reserve, causing other tall buildings to become obstacles. The law of the day also became a hindrance, "existing laws prohibiting airships from flying over urban areas" (@NUM3 line 1) The building itself is tall, but even at the top, any airship mooring is not legal to the height limit . These attempts to build a mooring pier atop the Empire State Building could have propelled New York into a land innovation, but the hurdles were too great to surpass.
The airship encountered some huge obstacles as it landed and docked at the Empire State Building. At first, the idea was great and took people by surprise, but when the mast was built, people realized it wouldn't work. The first problem with airships is that the airships are so low in urban areas, which makes it illegal for the boats to be so close together. The second problem is "The wind on top of the building is changing constantly due to strong air currents (paragraph @NUM1)", which means it is very dangerous for passengers to get on and off the airship. The final problem is that foreign spacecraft use flammable hydrogen, which could cause horrific damage in populated areas. These precautions must be taken, which are obstacles to the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced three main challenges when trying to make the mooring mast easy to install. Most foreign cars still run on hydrogen; a highly flammable gas. A fire on the streets of New York would be catastrophic. There are also violent, ever-changing wind currents above the building. These winds cause the rear of the craft to "spin around the mooring mast." @CAPS1, there is a law that prevents airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal for ships to be attached to or even near buildings. These three factors make the mooring mast "neither practical nor safe".
The builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building. One obstacle they face is the safety of passengers when the spacecraft is docked and the building's frame doesn't collapse. I know this because the excerpt between paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2 says, "'A group of engineers are here in New York trying to work out a practical arrangement, and the government in Washington is trying to figure out how to moor the airship on this mast up.'" The mast was heavy, so they worried that it would put too much pressure on the Empire State Building. Engineers were also afraid the spacecraft would explode because the spacecraft uses hydrogen. Hydrogen is more flammable than helium. I know this because between paragraphs @NUM3 and @NUM4 it says: "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. These are among the many hurdles that workers face a small part
In this excerpt, architects/workers had to face several hurdles when trying to build an airship dock on the Empire State Building. They had to find this huge mast so that they wouldn't break the building frame. Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The thousand-foot ship is moored to the top of the building, held in place by a rope that adds stress to the building's frame. "They had to find the load away from the building." The ship's load pressure and wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the building's foundation, nearly 1,110 feet underground. "To solve this problem, architects and workers had to modify the steel frame because of the new situation. After the construction was completed, they had to face the fact that it was impossible or not allowed to do so. "Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen and Not helium, but hydrogen is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, when the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the situation could be worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown. bad. New York. "Architects and workers went through so many hurdles before discovering its dangers and the laws of not flying so close to the city.
The builders went through many hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. Airships are steel-framed balloons with envelopes or cotton fabrics filled with hydrogen and helium, making them lighter than air. The airship can be steered by using propellers and levers, and passengers can ride a cable car, under the balloon. An airship tethered to the top of a building by a single cable tether adds stress to the building's frame. Stresses from ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundations of buildings nearly 1,110 feet below. The building frame must be modified beyond @MONEY1. There are also laws that prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. This law makes it illegal for boats to be tied up on structures.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their ships docked there was that they had to park them there for a few hours for refueling or service and to get passengers on and off. The craft is docked by an electric winch, which is pulled in a line from the front of the ship, which is then tied to the mast. The body of the ship can swing in the breeze, but passengers can safely disembark and disembark by walking to an open viewing platform via a ramp. They had to overcome all these obstacles to build the Empire State Building.
Former New York Governor Al Smith pioneered the construction of the Empire State Building. The building was constructed to be the tallest building, taller than the Chrysler Building, @NUM1 feet tall. To make the Empire State Building taller than the Chrysler Building, Al Smith wanted to add a mooring mast on top for docking airships. The idea faces many obstacles. First, the article states that "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." It would have cost a lot of money to build. Also, "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." @CAPS1, that paragraph points out the problem of "changing winds on top of buildings due to strong airflow". Construction crews realized a number of problems after the mooring mast was built. Builders should consider various situations before building a mast, which costs a lot of money. Although the mast is no longer used, the Empire State Building still stands at @NUM2 feet, the tallest building ever constructed.
The builders of the Empire State Building never achieved their goals. They failed to predict the potential problems they would face. First, they couldn't keep trying to land the craft on the mooring mast because it was dangerous. In fact, "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@NUM1 paragraph). They realized that if an event like New Jersey happened, it would mean complexity. In addition, nature was an obstacle to the project. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (paragraph @NUM2). As a result, the rear of the craft would swing around the mooring masts due to the wind, which would be a huge danger to the street. As a final note, airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building because there is a pre-existing law that dictates how low an airship can fly over urban areas.
It wasn't until it malfunctioned that the architects realized how much potential problems the mooring mast could present. The biggest reason for airships failing to land is purely a safety issue. Many spacecraft at the time used hydrogen instead of the highly flammable helium. Another major reason is nature itself. The wind on top of the building was so strong that it was easy to push the ship in the wrong direction. Before these problems arose, there was a law that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas. Ships cannot be docked at the Empire State Building because it is unsafe and illegal.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building had many problems to deal with. They have to make sure the airship is high enough and that passengers get on and off safely. Builders have to deal with a lot. "Architects can't simply put a mooring mast on top of @ORGANIZATION1's roof. They can't get things to work due to the height of the building. The airship was so large that it added stress to the building frame, it was difficult to unload things, and the floor it needed to be placed on was too low. It would be better to postpone the final installation of the landing gear until the final. " The project was so difficult that they had to withdraw from the mission and expand at another time. The workers were confused.
The construction of the Empire State Building's mooring mast had a number of issues to overcome. The first problem to overcome was that a thousand-foot ship would add stress to the building's frame. This is solved by spending @MONEY1 modifying the frame of the building. Another issue is laws prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban environments, raised in paragraph @NUM1. "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." @CAPS1 is writing about wind. At 1,250 feet, the wind was strong, the airship would swing a lot for safety, and the end could not be depressed for fear of injuring pedestrians. Here are three important reasons why mooring masts fail.
Builders faced a number of problems when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building. The first problem is that most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium. The problem with hydrogen is that it is highly flammable and using a hydrogen craft over a city full of pedestrians would be a huge risk as it could catch fire and injure them. Second, the victory at the height of the Empire State Building is always changing, which creates a lot of risk for the pilot. If their ship was blown off course, it could collide with other high-rise buildings in the city. The U.S. Navy ship Los Angeles was blown away by strong winds, leaving the pilot unable to remove his hands from the controls for fear of crashing into other buildings. Finally, there is a pre-existing law that makes it illegal for ships to enter the airspace surrounding the Empire State Building.
@CAPS1 is like a very tough test for them as they try to create an era of transportation with the ideas of the pioneers. But once the architects designed the mooring masts and made changes to the building skeleton. They had already framed the 85th floor and the roof had to be done before the frame.
When Al Smith announced in 1929 that he would build an airship port of call atop the Empire State Building, architects encountered many obstacles in their architectural design. Building a dock for an airship on top of the world's tallest building is no easy task. They should have realized it was a failure before the project, but they tried anyway. The project's architects had to develop a plan that would strengthen the building's main support beams while still being able to control the movement of the building's backside due to uncontrollable wind conditions. Unfortunately, they never found a way to successfully accomplish this task, so the Empire State Building was never able to dock the airship.
In the 1930s, this would be a formidable obstacle. This idea has been questioned by many. The first @CAPS1 compares in height to the Chrysler Building. While mooring masts are theoretically possible, there are many problems in practice. This is a potentially dangerous attempt.
When building the Empire State Building, there were many problems trying to park the ship there. One problem they have is that most overseas airships are still full of hydrogen, a very flammable gas. Construction crews didn't want to recreate the Hindenburg accident in densely populated areas like New York City. The biggest obstacle to mooring masts is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is strong and always changing. Docking the airship there in this situation would cause it to spin around the building, making it unsafe for passengers. This is why the mooring mast never fulfilled its purpose.
The construction of the mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building was well thought out. That's why they face so many obstacles. From the beginning, Al Smith never thought about people's safety. "It's a very flammable possibility when other states use hydrogen instead of helium. If this were to happen in New Jersey, how bad would it be in a densely populated place like New York City. I can't imagine walking in Streets and lead weights falling on my head. In NYC there are violent drafts and when the airships are strapped up, they sway. The idea is to use lead weights to hold them in place. It's neither practical It's not safe either. One thing that should be considered before building it is the law. Airships are illegal to fly at low altitudes in urban areas or even tied to buildings. In short, everything should be considered before hyping something unreasonable Clearly safe, it's illegal.
By reading Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts," it's easy to see the many intricacies of landing an airship on top of a 1,250-foot building. One is the natural effect of wind. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." @CAPS1 Wind would make it difficult for any floating plane to land anywhere if the back can't be held down. Another hurdle for builders was that the frame had to be strong enough to accommodate a @NUM1 foot ship. "The stress of ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." Then the workers had to spend more than @MONEY1 to remodel the frame of the Empire State Building. Another problem is that anchoring an airship is illegal. Airships are prohibited from flying too low over urban areas under "current law". All of these safety issues and breaches would make "mooring" an impossible feat.
Architects and builders face big problems in the construction of docking platforms, although they don't notice them at first. The builders didn't notice any major problems until after the Hindenburg crashed in Lakehurst. If the airship fell into the same situation as the Hindenburg, the owner of the building would be very concerned about the safety of the people inside and below the building.
When Al Smith first came up with plans to use the Empire State Building as a mooring mast, he had no idea how much of a hurdle they would run into trying to get the ship to dock there. A big hurdle is security. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) The reason it's so unsafe is because if the gas inside happened to catch fire, the entire craft would be in Explosion in flames. This is a danger to those on the boat and on the streets below. Another obstacle is the strong wind on top of the building. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) This is a problem because it causes the airship to move around. The idea of using a plumb bob to hold it down has been proposed, but they pose a danger to pedestrians below. The third and final hurdle they faced was the pressure the airship put on the building's frame. The building was not designed to handle the pressure of the airship strapped to the mast, and without changing the design, the airship would likely tear the building apart. The only solution is to strengthen the building "must make modifications to the building frame worth over $60,000" (@CAPS1 @NUM3). That's a lot of money they had to spend to get the ship to dock. It is easy to see that the difficulty of the project is based on the many hurdles the builders have to face.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced not many obstacles, but difficulties. One of the hurdles is their crowded @CAPS1 for airships. A crowded @CAPS1 could cause the airship to hit or crash into another building if it doesn't eject things. The wind could also rock the spacecraft and hit another building. Another obstacle is the pressure on the building, as the ship is strapped to it. If the wind is high, the ship can put a lot of pressure on the building and problems can arise.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. The first hurdle they dealt with was that mooring such a heavy airship would add stress to the building. In fact, "the stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building." Another obstacle they encountered was that the hydrogen used in the ship was very flammable. As bad as the Hindenburg explosion was, it could have been worse, "if it happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York." It's also very dangerous for an airship to fly so low over an urban area. Finally, strong winds can make mooring difficult. The wind on the building is "constantly changing due to violent air currents". The workers apparently had a lot of problems building the mast and just couldn't finish it.
From "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders faced multiple hurdles. Try to get the ship to dock there. One of the hurdles facing builders is a giant airship that flies too low over urban areas. The law will prohibit boats from docking at buildings or approaching the area. Another hurdle for builders is strong winds. "The USS Los Angeles approached the mooring masts, but couldn't get close to mooring due to strong winds." The biggest obstacle was the constantly changing winds at the top of the building due to the violent airflow. The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. The final hurdle is that it is not safe for the airship to dangle over pedestrian heights.
In "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there. One big problem they faced, for example, was that architects couldn't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "This operation is impossible because "a thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, tethered by a single cable, would add stress to the building's foundation, about 1,100 feet below." “The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and reinforced to fit this new location. One big hurdle they faced was a huge safety issue.” Most airships other than @CAPS1 use @CAPS2 hydrogen instead of @CAPS3 lium, while @CAPS2 Hydrogen is very flammable. The biggest obstacle facing it is nature itself. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents. Airships moored at open landing pads can be held down with lead weights in the back, but use them at the Empire State Building if they will hang on top of padestrans on the street neither Practical and not safe. These are the hurdles facing the Imperial Statistical Office.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some hurdles are the lack of suitable landing zones. Another hurdle was that they couldn't simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the building, mooring a thousand-foot spaceship on top of the building, secured by a single cable tether that would add stress to the building's frame. And if they wanted to do that, they had to teleport all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet underground. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Lead weights can be used to reduce weight in order to reduce the number of airships moored in open landing fields, but the obstacle to doing so is that it is neither practical nor safe to suspend the weights above pedestrians. All these obstacles, but these guys were still able to build the Empire State Building with mooring masts.
In @ORGANIZATION1's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders faced a number of hurdles. As stated in paragraph 1 of the excerpt, the Empire State Building is planned to be the tallest building in the world in @DATE2. The architects of the Chrysler Building built a building 46 feet taller than the Empire State Building. New York Governor Al Smith doesn't want to lose the title of tallest building. In paragraph 6, it tells you what Smith had in mind: adding a mooring mast to the top of the building that would keep the airship moored there for a few hours for refueling or repairs. and let passengers get on and off. In paragraph @NUM1 it is said that safety concerns have not made the mooring mast of the Empire State Building do its job. Most ships other than @PERSON2 use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. This is very dangerous due to the pointy buildings. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM2; the biggest obstacle is nature. At the top of the Empire State Building, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Also, the Fa fly is too low. By the late 1930s, the mooring mast scheme disappeared.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. First, there was the problem of mooring the large craft to the top of the building with a single cable tether, which added stress to the building's frame all the way to its foundations. To solve this problem, the frame of the Empire State Building needs to be strengthened. Another concern is the safety of citizens on the streets below. Ships using hydrogen could catch fire. In addition, strong winds can make it difficult to attach the spacecraft to the mooring masts. The spaceship cannot be overwhelmed because heavy objects will hang over pedestrians in the street. The effectiveness of these winds was demonstrated when the U.S. Navy ship Los Angeles attempted to dock. During this attempt, the wind was so strong that the captain of the ship feared that it would be pierced by the spires of other buildings. These are a few examples of what the builders of the Empire State Building had to face.
Some of the hurdles builders face is putting too much pressure on the building frame. It has to transfer all the weight and pressure all the way to the foundation of the building. Also, there is only one cable holding it in place. The cable is called a tether. Another hurdle is existing laws that say you can't park your boat there because you're flying so low. In December 1930, the @ORGANIZATION1 spaceship tried to park there, but they were afraid the wind would blow it into another building. So they threw some difficult hurdles, but in the end they fixed it and made it happen.
Derigibles, known as airships in modern times, are widely regarded as the newest and greatest form of transportation in @DATE1. These dinghies require a fast, efficient and safe way to refuel and unload passengers. Just when these small boats became popular modern skyscrapers, the likes of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building dominated the New York City skyline. Former New York Gov. Al Smith, who led the construction of the Empire State Building, came up with the idea to build a mooring mast atop his building that would help airships dock, refuel and unload cargo quickly and efficiently . While the idea was considered "practical" and "workable" at the time, it was never put to use due to safety concerns the architects later discovered. Those safety concerns include concerns about "changing" winds "due to strong air currents" and airspace restrictions laws that prohibit "airships from flying too low in urban areas." Although the idea seemed revolutionary at the time, there were still many obstacles on the way to glory.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their spaceships docked there were insurmountable. One hurdle for builders is trying to make it itself handle the stress of being connected to a ship. The building is pulled by the wind and sways back and forth as the wind changes. And because of the other buildings, the airship flies at a low altitude. On top of that, the gas inside the spaceship is flammable and can cause harm to
Diregible Hindenburg The owner of the Empire State Building that was destroyed by fire on @LOCATION1 on @DATE1 realized that the accident could have been worse if it had happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York. Top speed is 80 mph and they can cruise thousands of miles at 70 mph without refueling some are four blocks long in NYC and one of the obstacles to our expansion in NYC is the lack of a suitable landing zone
Al Smith at @DATE1 wants to build the world's largest spaceship dock in New York. During construction, however, the Empire State Building's mooring system encountered many problems, one of which was high winds over New York. In paragraph @NUM1, the author says, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow." These victories caused the stern of the airship to move around while docked, resulting in unsafe landings and takeoffs. Another hurdle facing the ban is the Laws for airships flying at low altitudes in urban areas. This was feared because of the 1937 Hindenburg crash. Building officials feared that if the crash happened in New York, the damage would be catastrophic. The final hurdle facing the Empire State Building's mooring system is that many airships from overseas use hydrogen instead of helium to fly. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and if a plane crashes over New York, the damage will devastate the city and cause massive casualties
According to "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Built in the 1930s, the Empire State Building was originally taller than the Chrysler Building. It will be as high as 1,250 feet. Adding to the height of the building is its massive mooring mast, which stands at the top of the building. Airships are very similar to balloons and are gaining popularity in the aviation world. However, a number of issues have hindered the progress of the project. Most of these issues are security issues. One practical reason airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit them from flying too low into urban areas. Another reason is the flammability of these ships. Most of them use hydrogen gas instead of helium. Hydrogen is so flammable that if the ship exploded, many civilians and passengers would be killed. All in all, the mast of the Empire State Building could and was never used for its original purpose due to safety risks.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several hurdles. "...lack of suitable landing zones." (@CAPS1 6). This means it is difficult to land on airships. Another problem they face is nature. Wind and weather can make landings very dangerous. "The ship is docked by an electric winch that pulls a line from the front of the ship and ties it to the mast." (@CAPS1 6). This means that if the wind blows in the wrong direction, or competes with an electric winch, it will be difficult and dangerous to land the craft. Another hurdle is cost. "More than $60,000 worth of renovations must be done to the frame of the building." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). That means they have to pay a lot of money, which is easy. This is definitely an obstacle they have to face.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION1 thought they had a great idea, they were pioneers. They quickly realized there was something wrong with their idea. A major concern is security. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1, most @LOCATION3 spacecraft use highly flammable hydrogen. New York, one of the largest cities in America, is too densely populated to take this risk. Another problem is wind. At those altitudes, wind flow is unpredictable and wind speeds reach high speeds. If the spaceship was blown up in the downtown area and hit the spire of a building, it would definitely cause a lot of casualties. After balancing the risk and reward, they realized it wasn't worth it.
The hurdles faced by the architects of the Empire State Building were severe. They had to figure out how to get the spacecraft to land on the mooring mast. Another problem is that the government is getting impatient. To make matters worse, Al Smith is sneaky and informal. He lied about his actual height. He lied about how he would fix the mooring mast. They are also concerned that ships on mooring masts like @CAPS1 will explode. So they just put it aside and over time built it into the world's tallest soda fountain and tea garden for sightseers.
One problem the builders had was that they had to make the mast large enough. Some ships will be @NUM1 feet long. If a mast had just been dropped on top of the Empire State Building, because of the stress of holding a thousand-foot-long ship to the Empire State Building with just a single cable tether, it would put a lot of stress on the building's frame. If they were under the weight of the ship and the wind, all the pressure and stress would be on the foundations of the building nearly eleven hundred feet below, not safe at all. They have to go through all the different possibilities and they also have to make sure it's safe. When designing the mast, they had to account for the wind at the top of the building, but because of the drastic airflow, the wind was constantly changing. If they did design a good mast, the spacecraft would hang over pedestrians, which is not safe.
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to dock the spacecraft on the mooring masts, they faced three main obstacles. The first obstacle is "nature itself," which is the airflow over the top of the Empire State Building so strong that the wind is constantly changing. This means that if the airship can somehow fly in the wind and be strapped to the mast, it will "turn around" and end up "overhanging pedestrians", which is "neither practical nor safe". @CAPS1, an airship is not legally allowed to dock on a mooring mast because it would "fly too low over an urban area", which "current law" is against. This is a problem for builders because no matter how hard they try to get the ship to dock, they are not legally allowed to dock the ship to the mooring mast. Finally, many spacecraft use hydrogen as fuel. Hydrogen is "highly flammable," so ships that use it are also highly flammable and could be a disaster for "populated areas like downtown New York." Due to potential fires, city laws and air currents, Empire State Building builders hit roadblocks trying to get spaceships to dock on mooring masts
According to an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION3 "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders ran into a few snags when trying to get the airship or airship to dock there. One of the reasons it was difficult to dock a spacecraft on the Empire State Building was safety concerns. According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted, "Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." For New York City and its dense population, this is an unaffordable risk. Another obstacle faced by Empire State Building architects was nature itself. The beginning of the @NUM1 paragraph states, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." When the wind is high, even an airship tied to the mast will rotate around the mooring mast. Another difficulty with docking airships is that, according to an excerpt from @NUM2 paragraph, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." Because of this law, it is illegal for ships to dock on buildings or even approach the area . The final hurdle for builders was the advancement of aircraft, which made it difficult for airships to be the main source of air transportation. Although the builders spent a great deal of time and effort making the Empire State Building a national @CAPS1, they ignored many potential problems with the mooring masts, causing it to never reach its full potential.
In an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon lüsted, she explains the challenges a craft faces when trying to dock to the Empire State Building. @CAPS1 When trying to create a landing zone for an airship, one must take into account the obstacles the airship consists of, the building structure, and the weather conditions. The mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building will never function. Airships must be lighter than air to fly. Gases such as helium and hydrogen are used to reduce the density of airships. Due to its high flammability, hydrogen gas can easily start a large fire. The owners of the Empire State Building decided that if the airship caught fire, it would be an even bigger disaster for the populous area. Another factor preventing airships from docking is the building structure. The docking of the ship added extra stress to the Empire State Building. @CAPS1 is forced to design the frame of the building so that it is strong enough not to collapse under additional stress. This required time and "over $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's framework". Finally, weather conditions tested @CAPS1, winds are unpredictable at the top of the Empire State Building. They are often moved by "violent air currents". Airships are not safe no matter how the builders tie them to the mast. Due to the wind, the structure of the building, and the airship, @CAPS1 was unable to create a docking area for the airship on the Empire State Building.
Building a dock to land a spaceship on the Empire State Building's dock faced many problems. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it states that the spaceship is gone, and indeed becomes the transportation of the future. The Empire State Building never fulfilled its aircraft purpose.
When El Smith first thought of building a mast to dock an airship, it started out as a friendly competition. However, no one anticipated the obstacles that would be encountered in trying to execute the plan. One of those obstacles is that it is not safe. The spacecraft uses hydrogen, which is very flammable. In the event of an accident, in a densely populated place like New York City, the consequences would be devastating. Another obstacle is wind. The ever-changing wind currents at the top of the building made the spacecraft sway from side to side, dangerous for passengers. Another hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying below a certain altitude in cities. Obviously, many obstacles were encountered and the mast never achieved its intended purpose.
According to the excerpt, the hurdle the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock the airship was that the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the mooring mast. A shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower, which can be illuminated from within, features a stepped design that mimics the overall shape of the building itself.
Based on @CAPS1 "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of challenges when trying to get their ships docked there. Many obsticals arose during the construction of the Empire State Building, and Al Smith built the entire building. As Al Smith built the entire building, he was determined to go beyond heights. Al Smith shocked the media and the public by secretly constructing a 185-foot spire inside the building and hoisting it to the top of the Chrysler Building. Another conundrum faced during the construction of the Empire State Building was the idea of allowing the spaceship to dock at the very top of the building. The idea of docking the airship to the top of the Empire State Building, where the airship could only be held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The greatest mystery in building the Empire State Building, the idea of docking an airship on top is safety. Most craft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, which is so flammable that if anything happened, it could destroy New York. That's why the builders of the Empire State Building faced my conundrum in @CAPS1 "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION1.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several challenges in completing the landing dock for the spacecraft. The first problem is the frame of the building. The frame is not strong enough to support the airship when docked, so the frame must be reinforced to withstand the pull that the airship might experience. The next problem was the lack of a suitable landing area. They decided to place an anchor on top of the building to secure the airship when docked. Anchors are winches on top of buildings, but high winds on top of buildings won't bring the airship's pilots close enough to the anchor for fear that the airship might be pierced by nearby buildings. Another reason blimps can't be docked on top of the Empire State Building is that the law prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas. Several attempts have been made, but to this day no one has successfully docked the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building.
The Empire State Building is known for its massive size and unique shape in NYC @CAPS1, but what most people may not know is that the tower at the top is actually a mooring mast for airships. This may be a little-known fact, as it will never actually be used to dock an airship, for many reasons: safety, nature, and law. But if international airships could park there after long transatlantic flights, the mast would revolutionize travel in New York, and safety would be a big concern due to the gases used by foreign airships. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the author states that "most airships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." The German Hindenburg even had an accident, if the airship was in the densely populated @CAPS2 On fire, it will be a bigger safety issue. Naturally, there are also security issues to consider. At such high altitudes, there are strong, unpredictable winds, "even though the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast" (paragraph @NUM2). There is no way to secure the rear of the blimp as the weights used in open air landings would hang from more than @NUM3 feet to the rear of the blimp, posing a serious threat with pedestrians below There is no practical nature at all and preventing the possibility of blimp stocking method of fighting. Finally, it is illegal for airships to dock in the mooring area of the Empire State Building. It is illegal to "fly an airship too low over an urban area" (¶ @NUM4). The law ended up being the last hurdle that could not be overcome, so the Empire State Building never became a docking station for airships, but it was still an incredible architectural feat.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles and tried to get the spaceship docked there. One was that they had to add more than $60,000 worth of changes to the building's frame, because docking the airship on the building would put a lot of stress on the building's frame and foundation. Another problem is that most airships outside the US use highly flammable hydrogen, and an accident in this building would be very dangerous because it is a densely populated area. Nature is said to be the biggest obstacle "due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." (@NUM1 line) This will cause the airship to sway back and forth uncontrollably. This would endanger pedestrians below and passengers on board the craft. Finally, a law was enacted to prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. All these obstacles make it impossible to dock the ship here.
In the excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the builders found a number of obstacles on their way to docking the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building, some of which are listed below. The main concern is the safety of passengers boarding and disembarking and those below. The concern for those below is how the spacecraft sometimes floats in hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. So they don't want the chance of the spacecraft blowing up. Another major issue is "existing laws for airships flying over urban areas" (par @NUM1) Airships are floating in the air and tethered up to @NUM2 feet at the rear of the airship unsafely tethered from high wind currents berth. The wind is changing all the time, so it's a very big safety issue. Another hurdle is the ship docking, which is in place largely because of jealousy. The man was jealous because his rival Al Smith caught up with him before he even thought of the airship idea.
Based on an excerpt from the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced trying to get their spaceships docked there. They don't do it because it could crash into other buildings or fly into other selves. "Can't get close enough to tie down due to strong winds." (@CAPS1 @NUM1 line @NUM2). That means it's not safe.
In this excerpt from @PERSON1's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. One obstacle they faced was finding a practical and safe way to dock the spacecraft. Practicality and safety are a hindrance, as the builders of the Empire State Building were the first to attempt to dock an airship in the air, @CAPS1 they have no past trials to refer to. In this project, practicality and safety work together. For example "..engineers [had to] develop a practical, workable arrangement..." The @CAPS1 airship can be easily and safely moored to the mast. This will ensure the safety of passengers as well as the stability of the building. The second hurdle that builders face is the pressure assigned to the building when the ship is docked. "The stress of ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." @CAPS2 All these stresses on the foundation are a challenge because the foundation is "...nearly 1100 feet below". Another challenge that emerged was that to accommodate the situation, "[the building's] steel frame had to be retrofitted and strengthened..." The retrofit to the building's frame was worth "over $60,000... .” The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles and tried to dock the spaceship in their building.
Al Smith and other workers are working on the Empire State Building. They have a somewhat outdated feel to the project, like they can't get as high as they want. If they wanted to do more, the mast skeleton would have to be repaired. Take airships, for example. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable. When the German craft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ on @DATE1. That explains their role in the matter Got the law after it happened so they can't have stuff near downtown. That's a testament to @CAPS1 they work near the Empire State Building
The hurdles faced by Empire State Building builders are many. First of all, if they carried out the plan for mooring the masts without regard to the weight of the ship, the building would definitely put too much pressure on the foundation when it was docked. Second, the spacecraft is even lighter than air, which is both negative and positive. The downside is that strong winds can control the rear of the ship. Above the city's many pedestrians, the idea was quickly ruled unsafe. Finally, it is filled with hydrogen, which is naturally highly flammable. The use of hydrogen is very dangerous and will only increase the negative impact of the project.
They are the many hurdles that @ORGANIZATION2 at the Empire State Building faced trying to get the ship docked there. One of the obstacles was the pressure of the airship's load, which was not allowed to pass all the way to the building foundation, nearly @NUM1 feet below it. Another thing is that the hurdle for @ORGANIZATION2 is a lot of money, having to make over $60k worth of modifications to the frame of the building. Also, architects cannot simply place mooring masts on @ORGANIZATION1 flat roofs. The final hurdle is its security. Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen, which is highly flammable, rather than helium. This led to an accident on May 6, 1937, and the Empire State Building realized that if it had happened in downtown New York, that accident could have been worse. Here are some of the issues faced by @ORGANIZATION2 from @ORGANIZATION2.
In @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One problem was that architects couldn't put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long ship would add stress to a building's frame. This meant that still frames had to be modified and enhanced. Another setback is that most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. Nature itself is the greatest obstacle. The wind at the top of the building is always changing due to strong air currents. If the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates. Lead blocks are an option, but with these they hang above pedestrians on the street and are not safe. Another practical reason why blimps can't be used more at the Empire State Building is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low in urban areas. This law makes it illegal for boats to be tied up on structures.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many different obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One obstacle to expanding its use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Another hurdle is that most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. These are some of the different obstacles they face that lead to a lack of success.
On December 11, 1929, a man named Al Smith announced that he was building the world's tallest building at 1,250 feet. The building, the Empire State Building in New York, will be used as a spaceship mooring, but there are obstacles that will prevent the spaceship mooring from being used successfully. Al Smith announced that he was building the mooring mast, but did not announce the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders might face when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the biggest obstacles was the wind factor, which caused the back end of the craft to sway. Another problem is having foreign ships filled with flammable gas parked too close to populated areas. Also, before any ships can be moored, builders have to spend extra time and money to make the buildings stronger to hold the ships in place.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One is that architects cannot put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long ship tethered to the top of a building by a single cable tether adds stress to the building's frame. The second problem is the stress of the ship's load, the wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. The third problem was that the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate the new conditions. The frame from which the building was constructed was worth more than $60,000. But unfortunately, all the issues were left unresolved, and the altitude made it want to postpone it to a later date, but instead of being the transportation of the future, they were handed over to planes.
When the architects first considered creating a safe landing zone for the spacecraft, they considered several key factors. The Empire State Building is over @NUM1 feet tall, and at these heights the winds get so strong that they can blow horrible things all over the floor. This is demonstrated in paragraph @NUM2. The Goodyear airship Columbia tried to reach the mooring mast, and although they had a skilled pilot, he couldn't get the steel-framed balloons close enough to rest on the spire. Another factor that the architects didn't take into account in the equation is that most spaceships are filled with hydrogen, which is very flammable. If the zeppelin did catch fire, it would be a huge fireball falling on the streets of downtown New York. The Hindenburg gave us an example of all the changes we need to see. We want the idea of a giant flammable balloon hovering over the streets of New York City.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered some obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One reason is that "most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Burned down by fire, there could be a huge obstacle. However, one of the biggest obstacles is nature itself. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." close to buildings. It is considered impractical and unsafe to hang an airship over pedestrians on the streets of New York. For nature and safety reasons, the builders of the Empire State Building had some problems allowing the spaceship to dock there
In paragraph 6 it says "New York City lacks suitable landing space" @NUM1 Another problem in paragraph 1 is nature itself, the wind pushes the spacecraft behind it. Another hurdle is that in paragraph @NUM2, current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. These are the questions facing empire builders
The builders and engineers involved in the mooring mast that allowed the Empire State Building to dock the airship some 1,250 feet in the air faced many obstacles. In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts" from the Empire State Building, readers will experience the journey that allows an airship or blimp to refuel and transport passengers atop the Empire State Building. This is not an easy task. In fact, it never materialized. Some of the reasons for this are the buildings themselves. The mooring mast is at the top of the building, its height and weight and the wind pressure of the building are dangerous. In paragraph 9, it states: “More than $60,000 worth of modifications to the frame of the building had to be done.” But it wasn’t just the building itself, the Empire State Building’s location in densely populated downtown New York posed some significant hurdles. First, most international airships use hydrogen rather than the highly flammable helium. A fire or explosion at the location of the mooring mast would be devastating to the city. Second, there was a change in wind direction at the top of the building "due to strong air currents". They caused the rear end of the airship to turn. However, weights cannot be used on airships due to the people below and the height at which everything happens. Finally, laws were enacted that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas. So essentially, unless the legislation is changed, the goals of this project cannot be achieved. All of these obstacles made it very difficult to dock the airship to the Empire State Building's mooring mast, but the airship did try to land there. Both the USS Los Angeles and the Goodyear blimp Columbia failed to land due to strong winds and the sharp spires of nearby buildings. This project is an example of a beneficial idea that is nearly impossible to execute.
Based on the excerpt, I don't think they should have tried to dock the ship there. Based on the excerpt, I think it's because something really bad could have happened and something could have happened, but at the time they really had no choice but to balloon.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the dinghy to dock there. In the excerpt, the author points out that nature is one of the biggest problems facing masts. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The authors explain that wind on top of buildings is dangerous for the spacecraft. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". The authors also describe what the spacecraft would do when affected by the wind. "Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast. These are the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the ship to dock there.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the spaceship adopted there were very difficult for them. It may not be easy for a spaceship to have to dock at the Empire State Building. A mooring mast was added on top of the building. The spacecraft will be allowed to park there for a few hours for refueling. The obstacle was that Al Smith asked the builders to make the Empire State Building taller. Also make it more ornamental and put on top like a pyramid. Workers are exhausted. One hurdle for builders to do to expand their use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Other obstacles were that the Empire State Building's architects and builders consulted experts, toured equipment and mooring operations. The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself.
The Empire State Building's "Future of Transportation" project is no mean feat. One of the main obstacles was "pressure on the building frame". Workers had to make more than $60,000 worth of modifications to accommodate the spacecraft. This will strengthen the building's frame, allowing wind pressure "all the way to the building's foundation". Another problem with this mooring mast is that "violent air currents" are "constantly changing" the wind on the roof. This will cause the ship to wiggle around the building when docked. It was neither practical nor safe for these giant planes to hang "high above pedestrians in the street." These obstacles caused workers and architects to delay construction.
One of the original purposes of the Empire State Building was to serve as a loading dock for airships or blimps. This is to help New York become a leader in modern travel. However, there were a number of obstacles that ultimately put an end to the idea of a mooring mast. A major problem is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to airflow. This will cause the airship to swing around the mast. The idea of adding weight to the back was immediately ruled out due to the danger to pedestrians on the street. There's also a law that says airships can't fly too low over urban areas, which would make it illegal to tether or even approach the area and fly.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered multiple obstacles when trying to stop the spacecraft from docking on top of the building. In trying to successfully implement this bold idea, they faced legal, safety and natural hurdles. The first legal issue they faced was: "The existing law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law creates a hurdle for builders because they have to dock the airship and not fly in this restricted flight area. The second The question is what to do with safety." When the Hindenburg was destroyed...the Empire State Building owners realized how badly the accident could have happened in downtown New York. "After airships proved to be highly flammable, builders saw that accidents in densely populated areas in New York City would be worse than in rural areas. Finally, builders faced natural problems," said L.A. airship approaching mooring mast, but couldn't get close enough to tie down due to strong winds. "The builders were aware of the drastic changes in the local @LOCATION2 on top of the building, no airships. The idea of these designers was not just a mundane one, but it was shot down by the multiple obstacles that appeared.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many obstacles. "The load of the spacecraft and the stress of wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly 1,110 feet below." This shows that the pressure of the airship and its mobility puts pressure on the foundation of the building, which they don't want to cover. They also said that "the wind on top of the building has been changing due to the strong air currents". This means they are concerned that the wind could blow the balloon away from the building, causing it to injure people, and these are just a few of the issues builders have had to deal with.
The builders ran into a few snags trying to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. One of the biggest and most difficult hurdles to overcome is everyone's safety. Builders had to worry about the safety of people entering and exiting the spacecraft, people on nearby streets, and people on the side of the building. Safety is one of the main reasons why the terminal was never finished. Another huge hurdle for builders is nature. This is true because the wind on top of tall buildings is always changing, which can make it difficult for ships to land on them. Like the excerpt from @NUM1 paragraph states, the airship is weighed down behind by lead weights, which can cause problems for pedestrians walking down the street.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One of these obstacles is that it can add stress to the frame of the building. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, it says, "A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, secured by a cable tether, will add stress to the building's frame". Another hurdle was the need to make modifications to the steel. "The steel of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." These are some of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The idea was a little unrealistic at first. When these ships try to dock to the building, the structure of the building will not be able to withstand the high winds and airships. It caused a lot of problems. What if the ship tries to dock and a strong wind blows its tail against a building. Another zeppelin, the Hindenburg, destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, @ORGANIZATION1. If such a disaster happened in such a densely populated place, it would be chaos. Impractical and unsafe, this plan will not work. They need something more stable. The plan was not fully thought through. All of these problems combined will cause them to delay the construction of the landing gear. These plans for a "new" age of transport with airships will never happen. Airplanes are a new, safer and more efficient way to travel.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles that prevented the ship from docking there. A major concern was safety after the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire over New Jersey. This has prompted a realization that if such a disaster were to occur in the densely populated urban area of New York, the situation could be worse. Another obstacle encountered was bad weather conditions. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building was constantly changing, making it impossible for the spacecraft to stay still. If the spacecraft were so unstable, it would be very unsafe to float over millions of people. Finally, since the law prohibits all airships from flying too low over urban areas, it is illegal to strap an airship to a mast or even approach the area. With all the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building, it's clear that the spaceship wasn't meant to be docked there at all.
The idea of a ship docked on a mooring mast is very clever and could be awesome. However, the builders of the Empire State Building had problems trying to make it happen. One problem is that the wind is two strong to allow the ship to rest on the mast. “The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast” (¶ @NUM1). Another reason is people's safety. Not all ships are created equal. In other countries, ships contain different kinds of gas "from most ships outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable" (¶ @NUM2). Because hydrogen is highly flammable, builders must consider the safety of people flying in spacecraft. Finally, there is a law that prohibits planes from flying too close to populated areas. “…is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law would prohibit ships from docking to buildings or even approaching the area…” (¶ @NUM3). Docking at the Empire State Building is a great idea, but the builders face too many challenges.
The airship has a top speed of eighty miles per hour. Some are a thousand feet long, the equivalent of four blocks in New York City. Therefore, one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building. The addition of mooring masts to the top of the building will allow the craft to park there for hours for refueling or service, and to get passengers on and off, he said. The airship is docked by an electric winch, which pulls a rope from the boat, which is then tied to the mast, so by swinging the body, passengers can get on and off safely.
The problem that workers have to face in getting their ships docked at the Empire State Building is critical & @CAPS1 because first if they want to put the mooring mast on top of the building's roof and then put a thousand pound ship on top It will be very important for it to hold @CAPS2. The weight of the airship and the pressure of the wind needs to be transferred to the building below 1100 feet The frame of the base building has to be stronger Modified @CAPS3 it will work but it will exceed @MONEY1 to Put into the building frame to make it successful but the most difficult for workers The main reason is because if the wind were to go down they would need a heavy weight to hold it down, but it would not be practical or safe for it to hang high above pedestrians.
During the construction of the Empire State Building, many obstacles were encountered. In the process of planning building architects @CAPS1, they came to realize that there could be many complications. Some complications occurred along the way. The architects noticed that the building itself was not meant to add extra parts. As one architect put it, "It can't simply put the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof." Wind is another harsh factor in the construction of the Empire State Building itself. If "secured by a cable tether, it would add stress to the building frame. Engineers would also be confused about the building's problems." The Empire State Building's steel frame had to be retrofitted and reinforced to accommodate this new situation. Safety and nature also played a big role in the construction of the Empire State Building. The architects plan to keep the spacecraft very high. Trying to do this can be very dangerous. “Hanging above pedestrians on the street is neither practical nor safe. Building a spaceship will cause many accidents, injuries and deaths. Nature will also be factored into the plan.” An open landing pad could be crushed back with a plumb bob. If there is a very strong wind one day, the object could fall and cause serious danger.
While the builders of the Empire State Building resolved some hurdles by allowing ships to dock there, many remain unresolved. When designing the mast to accommodate the airship, the architects realized that this would put stress on the building's frame. To support the weight of the spacecraft, they required "over $60,000 worth of modifications" to the structure of the building (paragraph @NUM1). Additionally, builders had to develop a way to tether the ship to the building to allow passengers and supplies to disembark. So the architects designed a "rocket-like mast...made of shiny aluminium...which also houses elevators and stairs" (paragraph @NUM2). However, the builders forgot to add wind to the top of the building. Once the front of the airship is docked, the rear of the airship rotates irregularly. Also, as stated in paragraph @NUM3, the builders are ignoring existing laws that prohibit airships from flying low over cities. This precaution is due to the safety hazard posed by these craft, as they are highly flammable due to the hydrogen they use. These imposing obstacles made the Empire State Building use an impractical pier.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's @CAPS1 @CAPS2, the builders went through many hurdles trying to get the drunkibles docked at the Empire State Building. At first, Al Smith wanted the newly designed building to be the tallest building in the world. Now, the 1,250-foot building will reach new heights by adding a top hat to the building and allowing the airship to dock there. Passengers disembark and board the airship, accompanied by conductors to refuel its engines. While this was a good idea, the builders didn't see many problems because the thousand-foot ship would add stress to the building's frame. The wind would also add thousands of dollars in damage to ensure that there would be no damage or injury to the building or New York residents, and the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be strengthened. This cost NYC @MONEY1 hoping to put it on the map of modern travel.
The hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their spacecraft to dock on the building were lack of space, dense population and the fact that hydrogen is highly flammable. "Also called blimps today, blimps are actually huge steel-framed balloons with cotton fabric shells filled with hydrogen and helium, making them lighter than air." Hydrogen is very dangerous and flammable, and the Empire State Building is located in a densely populated area. So there is a risk. Also, as the German ship the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, it proved to the owners of the Empire State Building that it was more dangerous than it seemed. Another reason blimps cannot be moored on top of buildings is that existing laws prohibit all blimps from flying too low in populated areas.
In @ORGANIZATION1's excerpt "Mooring Masts", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. They had to come up with a safe plan that included the building design and identify problems they didn't see in the first place. The first hurdle is meeting with the Navy and other experts to come up with a safe and practical plan. They had to find a way to land the ship without stressing the building frame and without spending @MONEY1 to strengthen it. The builders came up with a plan that included what the masts had to be made of, and the structure of each floor. They even had to finish the roof before the mooring masts got cold. The biggest hurdle is one they didn't see in the first place. In the process of building the mooring masts, they will have to face the obstacles that nature presents, which is simply not possible. Safety is the main concern. If there is a fire, there will be a disaster. The wind was too strong due to the violent air currents, and there was a law against flying the airship too low. After all this work, they were unable to pass the obstacle and the mooring mast was never built.
The hurdles facing builders are many. One of the things they faced was that if they wanted to build the tower in the first place, they refused. Another reason is that "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium. And hydrogen is highly flammable. One of the bigger hurdles is that the mooring mast is nature itself."
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems. Their first question was; "[t]his architects could not simply put the mooring masts on... flat roofs". The weight of the mast would crumble the frame, so the builders had to remodel and reinforce the Empire State Building's steel frame. Second, most foreign airships are very flammable, which makes it very dangerous for two overcrowded New York City. Nature itself is also a problem. The wind at the top of the building was so strong that it was dangerous to stop there. Finally, laws prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas. A mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building is a great idea, but it's very dangerous, highly unlikely and illegal.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One obstacle they faced was that they couldn't simply place the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "A thousand-foot spaceship tethered to the top of a building by a cable tether adds stress to the building's frame" (paragraph @NUM1). Stresses from ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundations of buildings nearly 1,110 feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The second obstacle that allows the ship to dock there is "the changing wind on top of the building due to strong air currents" (paragraph @NUM2). Another hurdle they face is "current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". (paragraph @NUM3). The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area.
The Empire State Building is the tallest building in the world and remains one of the tallest buildings to this day. However, it has more purposeful design plans than just the tallest building. It was supposed to be used as a passenger exchange and as a refueling terminal for the spacecraft. Most people are unaware of this as there are many complexities involved in the architectural design of this mast plan. The architects knew it wasn't easy to build something like this, and they "couldn't simply put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building". For example, they knew that the building needed to be retrofitted to accommodate the extra pressure from the masts and that the height of the building needed to be increased. They made the necessary changes to the building, but the reality of the project began quickly, and the mast was never built, "the biggest reason being for safety." The hydrogen used to power the spacecraft is highly flammable, endangering New Yorkers. Furthermore, according to the article, "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." At such high altitudes, strong winds can blow, making it difficult for the airship to control and navigate properly.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered multiple obstacles when trying to anchor the airship to the top of the building. The blimp tethered to the top of the building by a single cable tether added stress to the building frame and the architect needed to find a way to transfer the stress from wind pressure and blimp loads to the @ORGANIZATION1 foundation. Safety has played an important role in the fate of the mooring mast. Outside the United States, most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable, rather than helium. It would be a disaster if the ship caught fire over a populated area. The biggest obstacle to using a mooring mast is nature. Above the Empire State Building, the winds are constantly changing due to the turbulent air currents, and even with the airship tethered to the mooring masts, the back of the shape is unable to land.
In an excerpt written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, she describes the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. In the excerpt, the author tells the reader that after building the Empire State Building, the builders had to rebuild the entire building, which had to be made stronger to support the top. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation" (paragraph @NUM1). Workers in the building must also work at an altitude of 1,250 feet. They had to rebuild not only the foundation and strength of the building, but also the top. "Two months after the workers celebrated the framing of the entire building, they came back and raised an American flag - this time on top of the framing of the mooring mast. These are just some of the many difficulties that workers have had to face. .
The hurdle the builders had to deal with the Empire State Building was that they didn't have enough technology to land the ship on the mooring mast. In February 1931, @CAPS1 clavan of the building's architectural office said: "The mooring of the airship on such a high fixed mast is an unresolved problem, so that the final installation of the landing gear needs to be postponed to a later date" @CAPS1 clavan said the use of the airship has been disappear. By the late 1930s, the spacecraft had been gifted to aircraft companies. Builders also had to build electric winches and ramps, which were pulled into a line from the front of the boat, tied to the mast, and connected to an open viewing platform with the ramps.
Someone once said, "Where there is a will, there is a way." How they didn't include a section about the hurdles you have to go through. For example, the will and manner of how to dock a spaceship on the Empire State Building, the architects just didn't address every possible problem in their minds. Like the fact that only American ships use helium and not hydrogen. In addition, the wind force in the air is higher than normal living standards. Also the less than ideal place they try to use. They should pay attention to the businessman's slogan "@CAPS1, @CAPS1, @CAPS1".
At sporting events, people are used to seeing the @CAPS1 airship or the Goodyear airship. Now they are used in advertising, but few people know that they were once considered means of transportation. The excerpt "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION2 not only shows the original purpose of the Empire State Building masts for mooring airships, but also shows many of the problems faced by airship travel. Safety is a big concern because airships or airships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. If one of them exploded over New York City, it would be a huge disaster. Another problem is that the wind is always changing and there is no way to stop the ship from moving in the wind, which can be dangerous. There's also a law about how low you can fly over urban areas, in order to land properly you'll be breaking that law, flying that low risks the wind pushing the ship into the top of a building and piercing it. Al Smith had a great idea for the mast of the Empire State Building, but they had a lot of problems to make it a reality.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The person who came up with the plan was Al Smith, who saw an opportunity to add mooring masts to the top of the building. This would allow the spacecraft to be parked there for a few hours for refueling or service, and for passengers to get on and off. But with that comes a lot of work. They cannot simply place mooring masts on top of buildings. Architects have to make plans on how to set up the mooring masts. In the story it said: "Once the architects designed the mooring masts and made changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton, construction went according to plan. When the building was framed to 85 storeys, the roof had to be at the top of the mooring masts. The frame can be carried in. The mast also has a steel skeleton and is covered in stainless steel with glazing.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, builders are faced with the challenge of trying to dock a spaceship to the Empire State Building. One @CAPS1 surface is a thosand-foot airship, moored to the top of the building, secured by a cable tether, which adds stress to the building's frame. The airship loads plus the stress of wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened to accommodate this.
They have to build the tower just right, otherwise people will pay any price if they add something to see, otherwise there will be landing issues, but the price of keeping it stable is not worth the effort. In the end, people wanted to make it a very popular thing, but it wasn't up to them whether it was popular or not, Wind and Landing was always standing there, so they spent a lot of money to re-stabilize the building. This ends up being a lifetime profit and journey
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders encountered several obstacles in getting the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building. The first hurdle for builders was figuring out how to modify and strengthen the Empire State Building's steel frame to fit the mooring masts at the top of the building. These modifications will cost over $60,000, which is a lot of money in @DATE1. Once the builder has finished framing the entire building, the biggest hurdle in building the mooring masts comes. That obstacle is nature itself. Violent air currents will cause the rear of the airship to rotate around the mast. Airships need heavy weights for stability, but those weights hang from people in the street, which is neither practical nor safe.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. Airships, hailed as the transportation of the future, lack a proper landing zone in New York City. The speed at which the airship travels and the regional and altitude wind speeds become unmistakable. With the accident at @LOCATION2, the ship's plans are getting less and less reasonable. For altitude, wind speed, speed and position, using an airship is no longer a good idea
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders was having to try and make it perfect, especially for designers. They have gone through a lot of work, effort and time. They tried to make different arrangements for government personnel. The ship is always close to the mooring mast. They were afraid that it would collapse one day. They also want them to be the transportation of the future. The means of transportation is an airplane. The spaceship became the tallest soda fountain in the world and a tea garden for tourists. So their plan didn't go as planned, but everything else seemed to be going well.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of obstacles when trying to park their spaceships there, but they had to figure out a way. The architects believed the mooring mast would work, and they started building. Soon, an unsolvable problem arose. One of their problems is that the spacecraft uses more hydrogen than helium, which makes it very flammable. A lot of people would be hurt if a spacecraft were to crash over New York. Another factor related to this is wind current. The wind was so strong that even when tied up, the ship would spin around. However, they can use lead blocks to stay still, but if they fall, it will hurt some passing pedestrians. Additionally, state law makes it illegal for blimps to fly too low, making it impossible for blimps to be strapped to the Empire State Building's mooring masts. After all these problems, the architects never added the landing gear to the mooring mast because they knew it wouldn't work as intended.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builder hits a snag while trying to get the ship to dock. One of the hurdles builders have to face is how to attach the mooring mast to the top of the building. In paragraph 9, it says: "Architects cannot simply place a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." They had to figure out a safe way to attach it. Another example of a hindrance is that they had to strengthen and modify the building, because in paragraph 9 it states that "a thousand-foot ship moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether, would add to the frame of the building. Pressure." The last example is in paragraph 9, when they explain that "stresses from ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is approximately 1,100 feet below." For buildings, pressure Could be so large that it could cause the building to collapse. In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2, the builders faced a number of hurdles in allowing the airship to dock at the Empire State Building in New York City.
In the excerpt "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of consequences when trying to get their ships docked there. A regular-sized diriglbe made of "giant steel framed balloons". They travel "at 80 miles per hour and can cruise at 70 miles per hour. The Empire State Building will face a "building that hangs high above pedestrians in the street and is neither practical nor safe." Even if dirigibe landing their ship will "spin around" which will make the building more mobile. Even if the ship will land, "it is illegal for a ship to be on a building or even close to the area.
In addition to making changes to the building plan, the Empire State Building's builders faced hurdles in safety, practicality and legality. The hydrogen used in most foreign spacecraft is highly flammable and poses an extreme safety hazard "over densely populated areas such as downtown New York." In addition, depressing the docking airship will be more difficult and dangerous due to the natural, violent wind currents at the height of the mooring mast. Finally, the Empire State Building's architectural plans do not comply with current law. Airships are prohibited by law from flying low over urban areas; therefore, the use of mooring masts is illegal. Before builders were able to complete the Empire State Building, they had to carefully consider these obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Initially, the biggest problem facing the builders was strengthening the foundations of the building to support the stresses of the airship loads and wind pressure. To fix this, @MONEY1 had to make changes to the frame of the building. Unfortunately, most of the complications of the mooring mast were not taken into account until after it was built. The most important thing is safety, as many foreign craft use helium to float, which is highly flammable. Disasters like the Hindenburg disaster in New York City are too dangerous to risk. Another precaution for masts is the wind on top of the building, which is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. A wobbly ship cannot be secured with hanging weights because of the danger of falling in populous New York City. A huge complicating factor in making the dream a reality is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This would make docking illegal. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked there, which eventually led to the idea being abandoned altogether.
The builders of the Empire State ran into a snag when trying to get their ships docked there. Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, when the German spaceship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that an accident over a densely populated area like downtown New York could be worse. . The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. Another conundrum for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law would prohibit ships from strapping onto buildings or even approaching the area, although two ships did try to reach the building before the whole idea was abandoned.
The article stated that "the Empire State Building's mooring masts were doomed to fail their purpose", which turned out to be true. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the building. One obstacle, for example, is that most ships are filled with hydrogen, an extremely flammable gas that could cause horrific accidents in a populated area like New York if a ship like the Hindenburg were to be destroyed by fire. . So if someone catches fire in New York, the builders will face hurdles with airship safety issues. Another significant hurdle is that strong winds at the top of the Empire State Building can cause the airship to rotate around the mooring mast, preventing the airship from getting close enough to the mooring mass. In addition, the wind creates the risk of the airship being blown onto the spire of another building, "the airship could be punctured, which would create a dangerous situation for the captain. Depress the airship so that it is not in the wind, control the The machine will have to use a plumb bob. While the plumb bob reduces rotation, it is not practical nor safe because the plumb bob would hang above pedestrians on the street and could be fatal if it fell. Finally, if the airship is moored At the Empire State Building there is a violation of current law. This law states that airships cannot fly to low altitudes in urban areas, so obviously it is illegal to park at the Empire State Building. Before the project begins, builders should study or take into account that they will all obstacles faced.
Builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as structural support issues, changing wind directions and administrative intervention. A major problem arose when they realized that the force holding the airship in place "must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building" (par.@NUM1). This meant builders had to make changes to the support system in the building itself before construction could begin on the moorings. After the mast and reconstruction work was completed, the builders realised that "due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building was constantly changing" (par.@NUM2), which would make docking nearly impossible. Mooring was made more difficult because "a complete ship mooring was never installed" (par.@NUM3). This shows how builders struggle with bureaucracy when building mooring masts. In sum, the project's short-sightedness led builders to battle the building's structure, weather, and owner's vision before finally abandoning the mast.
The obstacles that buliders have to pass are very difficult. It was difficult because the building was so high up. They need special gear to do this. Al Smith had to wait for answers before building the mast because it was dangerous. The building frame had to cost over $60,000. Other obsticals will drop off and let passengers board. Also refill your ship if you have one. This is just to make the building bigger.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the ship. The first was that they couldn't just put the mast on top of the building, which would put too much stress on the frame of the building. They have to transmit the pressure all the way to the foundation of the building. They built more than @MONEY1 worth of framing for buildings. Their next hurdle was finding a safe way to dock and unload ships, which was impossible. First, the boat couldn't even reach the building because the changing winds were too strong to control the boat. But even if they did dock, the rear of the boat would be pushed around the mast. Another hurdle is a law banning airships from flying over urban areas. So now ships can never get close to the building to be tied to the mast.
While docking the spacecraft was not considered at first, the Empire State Building's builders eventually faced these hurdles. Their "one of the biggest reasons is for the safety of passengers and pedestrians below the city". Many countries "use hydrogen instead of helium" in their spacecraft, and "hydrogen is highly flammable", which may cause some problems in the future. A German ship named Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst @CAPS1, and it was after that incident that the Empire State Building owners realized that such an accident could not happen "in a densely populated area such as the new city center". Get on "York," because too many people could get hurt. While safety is a big concern, "the biggest obstacle...is nature itself. " When the airship is "moored to the mooring mast," the violent airflow at the top of the building can cause "the stern [to and fro] spin". Not only does the airflow make it difficult to keep the ship stable, it even makes reaching the mooring mast extremely challenging. No Using the idea of using lead weights to hold down the end of the airship, as hanging weights above @CAPS2 is "neither practical nor safe". The final hurdle for builders is the existing "prohibition of airships flying too far in urban areas" Low Law". This law prohibits any airship from being strapped to a building or even approaching the building. However, two airships (US Navy's Los Angeles and Goodyear's @LOCATION4) did try to reach the building, but due to wind speed And blocked. Several hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders prevented the mooring masts from being used for future transportation.
In the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. The biggest hurdle they face is safety, most ships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. Another obstacle is just nature itself. The wind is constantly changing due to the violent airflow. Another hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. Builders should have been aware of all the dangers. They are facing, only to abandon the idea of using the mooring mast for the airship and its passengers.
In this short article, it discusses how architects built mooring masts on the Empire State Building in New York State. This mast can dock airships, which are called blimps in modern times. The mooring mast is a skinny tower on top of the Empire State Building used to dock airships. The Empire State Building is @NUM1 feet high and has no mooring masts at the peak. On the mooring mast at @NUM2 feet, the pressure on the airship is a lot of weight with the structure so high. They modified @MONEY1 to be a deal for the building base area. An important downside about the spacecraft is that they contain helium, which is very flammable and can cost millions of dollars in damage. If a zeppelin caught fire in such a densely populated land, it could have claimed a lot of lives. I thought the mooring mast was a good idea, it helped the building become the tallest. They should still be using mooring masts today.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, as architects turned a blind eye to potential problems with the mast. There is a law that says airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. This makes it illegal for ships to even approach buildings. However, suppose a ship is tethered to a mooring mast, and the rear end of the ship rotates around the mass due to the changing winds caused by the violent airflow. Airships are usually moored on open ground, which allows the back to be weighed down with lead weights. This is dangerous for a number of reasons, but mainly because heavy objects will be hanging in the middle of New York City. If the ship is not pinned down, the high winds will push the ship into sharp spires, tearing apart the outer shell. Too much stress can be added to the building frame due to wind pressure and the load on the airship itself. The building's steel frame had to be remodeled in excess of $60,000 to transmit stress to the nearly 1,100-foot foundation. Most U.S.-built spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is more flammable, so the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad an accident could get if it happened in downtown New York. Because of all these obstacles, the owners and builders of the Empire State Building voted to delay installing the landing gear.
In this episode of Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mast, the builders went through many hurdles to complete their @CAPS1. The builders thought they had everything ready and under control. When they made their plans, they already planned to make the fog a big chunk. When they create fog, it just isn't right. "The mooring masts of the Empire State Building are doomed to serve their purpose." Then they had more problems because a law was being passed that ships couldn't tie themselves to the building, and they wouldn't let anyone visit the building thing. But they solved that problem by letting planes take passengers. Although the builders went through many hurdles, they still managed to get through them.
In an excerpt, Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's Mooring Mast, the reader learns that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The most important obstacle to overcome is safety. The United States uses hydrogen instead of helium to power the spacecraft. As stated in @CAPS2 @NUM1, after the destruction of the Hindenburg, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how catastrophic it would be if the accident happened in a densely populated area like New York. Another hurdle to face is the high winds that occur at such a high altitude. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong airflow" (@CAPS2 @NUM2). The final hurdle for builders is having a law that "prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". (@CAPS2 @NUM3) This makes it illegal to tie airships to buildings. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building ended up facing a number of hurdles, "the airship didn't become the transportation of the future, it gave way to the airplane" (@CAPS2 @NUM4)
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obvious hurdle was the laws that existed at the time that made it illegal for airships to fly too low in urban areas. (paragraph @NUM1). Also, another hurdle in trying to get the spacecraft docked at the Empire State Building is that most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. For example, on May 6, 1937, the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The owners of the Empire State Building realized that an accident in downtown New York could have been worse. (paragraph @NUM2). The biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. If the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast (paragraph @NUM3). The builders of the Empire State Building faced too many obstacles to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts.
Throughout the excerpt, the hurdles faced by builders are difficult. Many people couldn't get the ship to dock there. Some of the difficulties are that, outside the states, more spacecraft are being built, but using "hydrogen instead of helium." "Hydrogen is highly flammable," they said. Because New York is so densely populated, people are terrified of it. And is there a problem. The wind is constantly changing. "The boat will spin left and right". Realizing the danger, all they can do is turn it off.
In the process of building the Empire State Building, @CAPS1 faced a lot of problems before and after building the mast. There are laws prohibiting the docking of ships, incidents that have occurred, and safety deficiencies. The first issue they should focus on is the law that prohibits low-flying aircraft from flying over urban areas. It is said that "this law will prohibit ships from mooring even near the area." Another problem faced is the burning of the Hindenburg. The United States uses helium to keep their spacecraft afloat, while other countries use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. This poses a huge threat and @CAPS1 eiven is starting to wonder how bad the event would be if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown NYC. One last question is how unsafe it is to have a ship swaying in In strong winds near buildings. Cargo can throw the ship out of control in these winds. There are too many issues with the mast of the Empire State Building for @CAPS1 to fix. It didn't work out in the first place.
In order to get the ship docked at the Empire State Building, @CAPS1 faced a number of hurdles. Some obstacles were there, and it was not possible to simply drop the morning mast and park the ship a thousand feet on top. Will increase the stress on the building frame. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The biggest obstacle to mooring masts is nature itself. @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building is facing obstacles.
In the excerpt, the builders encountered a number of hurdles in getting the ship to dock there. They have faced many challenges. One of the main concerns is security. "They're trying to find some safe way to moor the airship on this mast," Ayle Smith commented, among any other safety concerns.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building trying to get the spacecraft to dock there were daunting. In theory, the builders assumed that everything would be flawless. They had to face that they didn't do enough to see if there would be any problem with docking the ship there. As I read, I noticed that the building never fulfilled its purpose. That's because most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen, not helium, which is very flammable. On May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the fire could have been much worse if it had happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York. So actually the idea is not safe, the builders have to get it all done by building it. Then realized that the idea was unrealistic.
The builders of the Empire State Building were determined to make sure everything went smoothly. The building just doesn't have the ship docked there.
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to build a mooring mast for the airship, they faced a number of obstacles that would eventually defeat them. The first and most obvious obstacle is the risk of a crash. When the Hindenburg crashed in New Jersey, builders realized how bad a horrific crash in downtown New York could have been. Another more present obstacle is the wind at the top of the tower. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." Combined with the lightweight nature of the craft, this will make mooring more difficult than on an open field. The final hurdle for builders is the current law that makes it illegal. There are laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas like New York City, although they are largely ignored. All of these obstacles eventually led to the realization that a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building was not practical or feasible.
From what I've just read, the hurdle builders face when building empires is finding a way to park their ships there. Some rooms are never open to the public and are the highest observation decks. They had to make room for the dock, but they didn't know how. The builders were faced with the fact that the city didn't want to have "airships parked at the Empire State Building," because of the law against flying airships to low altitudes in urban areas. They also had complications, the captain of the airship hull couldn't let go of the lever. Sharp spires of other buildings may eject the airship. Wind is also a problem, as it can turn the airship in different directions.
The hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their airships docked there included: hydrogen gas is highly flammable, strong winds and wind changes on top of the building, and laws that airships can't fly too low over cities, like New York City, for example. The problem with hydrogen came to them when an airship exploded in New Jersey, and then the owners realized how bad it could be in the city. When it comes to high winds, the excerpt says, "...if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will spin..." Also, the law mentioned would make it illegal for airships to come near the Empire State Building
Builders had a lot of trouble building the Empire State Building. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. That's a problem they have, because it would be bad if the craft used to be acid above New York City, because New York is polluted. Another problem is," they couldn't simply put a bolt on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "That's a big problem because now they have to fix their design. The other problem at the end is composition," Al Smith realised he had almost lost the title of world number one. Al Smith was so engrossed in his design that he didn't realize the combination. So when he found out he knew he had to be made higher.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. One obstacle is that the ship, which is anchored to the top of the building by a single cable, can add stress to the building's frame. The static frame of the building had to be modified and reinforced to withstand the stresses of airship loads and wind pressure. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. Due to the strong air currents, the wind is constantly changing, causing the boat to spin around the mooring mast. Another major hurdle is existing laws that prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. This would make it illegal for boats to park even near buildings. The final hurdle that builders must overcome is safety. Most spacecraft use helium or hydrogen, both of which are highly flammable gases. When the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the builders realized how dangerous it could be in a densely populated area. These are just some of the many hurdles the Empire State Building's builders had to consider when trying to dock their spaceships.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to dock the spaceships, they made sure they didn't hit other buildings, and they used ropes to drop documents. They're trying to make sure the airship doesn't burst when it hits a building. It also tries to keep the ship away so they don't shut down and that's why they put the paper down with the rope @CAPS1 if they built a little tunnel so the ship could go in they wouldn't have to worry if they hit buildings and they'll be ejected.
In this excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a few snags when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring mast. One of the biggest hurdles is security. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." The accident where the German craft caught fire and was destroyed shocked the builders, but they realized it could have been worse. Nature itself is also a problem. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." The rear of the boat "spins" even when tethered. There is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. All of these examples lead to obstacles for builders.
Empire State Building construction workers @CAPS1 are facing a number of issues with allowing their ships to dock. In the beginning, building a spaceship at the Empire State Building was dangerous. Ships can't do many basic things to dock on buildings. For example "ships cannot be parked at the Empire State Building". (@CAPS2 @NUM1) Mooring is out of the question because it violates "current law prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas". (@CAPS2 @NUM1) This makes it illegal for ships to be attached to the Empire State Building. Also, the biggest threat to a ship is nature. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@CAPS2 @NUM3) Because of this, and the fact that it was not feasible to build on such a tall building at the time, the spacecraft never touched the Empire State Building. So in the end, the difficulty of building blimp landing gear and landing blimps ended up affecting the docks at the Empire State Building.
When they tried to build a docking mast atop the Empire State Building, the builders encountered structural, safety and practical hurdles. To install the mast on top of the building, the builders had to strengthen the steel, a "remodel worth over $60,000." In addition, they are worried about building a spaceship dock on top of a city's skyscrapers. One of the concerns is the use of flammable hydrogen used in non-U.S. spacecraft. If the ship catches fire over the city, the consequences will be dire. Furthermore, the tethering system of the mooring mast is natural. "Winds at the top of buildings are constantly changing, which means that the airships on the masts can spin, posing a danger to citizens. The masts are not practical as the law prohibits airships from flying too low. Finally, in later years, the airships are not practical." gave way to aircraft", thereby rendering the airship's mooring mast useless. The Empire State Building's builders never succeeded in placing active mooring masts on top of the building because they stumbled upon structure, safety, and utility obstacle.
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there, they ran into a lot of problems. One is the pressure on the building from the increased mast. "The pressure and wind pressure of the ship's load must be transmitted all the way down to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1100 feet below." @CAPS1 How a building's stress factors affect its construction. Another obstacle to its construction was "the constantly changing wind on the top of the building due to strong air currents". When building docks, builders ran into problems that eventually overcame them and rendered them useless.
Builders faced a few problems when trying to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. First, they had to find a viable way to do this. When they decided to build a "rocket-like mast" that would attach the spacecraft, they realized they had to build the roof first. After the mast was built, safety became an issue. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." (@NUM1 paragraph) If a foreign spacecraft crashes, the safety of New York City will be at risk. Also, the ship cannot be tied down with heavy objects like it can in an open field. It's also not safe for New Yorkers. The main hurdle for builders is safety, which is a big issue. Therefore, the spaceship cannot be docked on the Empire State Building.
In the "Mooring Masts" excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1, the builder faces a huge hurdle. They risk blowing up the building. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This is an example from the excerpt that could turn out to be the biggest hurdle. If someone explodes above this building, the building will die. Many people will also die because of it. This is one of the biggest hurdles they face.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to set up a mooring mast for the spacecraft, including weakened frames, nature and weather, potential fire hazards, and U.S. law. Since the building was not originally designed to hold the airship in place, the frame was not strong enough to withstand the pull and movement of the airship in the air. The ship will also sway in high and unpredictable winds on top of the 102-story building. In addition to loosening or damaging the building itself, the ship is at risk of being pierced by the spire of another building. Damage to the ship in any way is very dangerous because the area around the Empire State Building in New York City is densely populated. If the craft catches fire and explodes, as was the case with the German Hindenburg airship, many pedestrians or other structures could be severely damaged. Such disasters are also likely because flammable gases such as hydrogen are used to keep airships afloat. Finally, the builder of the Empire State Building faces problems with the US government, which has laws prohibiting airships from approaching urban areas like @ORGANIZATION2. It is illegal for an airship to fly close enough to a building to park. In conclusion, many questions surfaced when the builders tried to convert the Empire State Building into an airship docking station.
Obstacles the builders of the Empire @CAPS1 building encountered when trying to get their ships docked there. So people can disembark and unload or load their boat.
The problem with @CAPS1 is that building a dockable ship lacks a suitable land area, and the mooring mast cannot simply be placed on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, and a 1000ft high ship supported by a cable tether on top of it would give The @CAPS2 frame adds a lot of stress, and the stress and wind pressure of the ship load must be transferred all the way down to the @CAPS2 base. Another reason is for safety reasons, most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium and the highly flammable hydrogen.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many construction hurdles, not least in allowing airships or airships to dock. From the outset, builders faced obstacles with high expectations. Expectations include the desirable title of "tallest building in the world." This ideal title comes with many potential obstacles, such as framing and bracing. Another hurdle has also arisen: as John Tauranac puts it, "getting ready for the age of transportation". With the current desire to become what was then called the "transportation of the future," even greater hurdles arose. These obstacles include the responsibility to get passengers safely off the spacecraft. One of the biggest obstacles is changing winds and violent airflow. This problem is usually solved with dangling weight belts in the open field and is almost impossible to solve in the densely populated @CAPS1.YC. The final hurdle that really caused the operation to fail was a law prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas.
The obstacle to the builders of @ORGANIZATION1 trying to get the ship to dock there is the lack of land area, wind and the gas used to keep the ship afloat. Lack of land area is a problem because ".. .some [dirigibles] are as long as @NUM1 feet, and the same length as four squares in @ORGANIZATION2." This can be a problem because in a densely populated area like New York , people may be at risk of a large object flying around because it is too close to the ground. It also blocks light. Wind currents are a factor, as 102 stories above the ground, the wind can hit the surrounding large airships, which can be a hazard to the building frame. "...wind pressure has to be transmitted to the foundation of the building." The final hurdle was the gas used in many foreign spacecraft at the time, hydrogen, a highly flammable and dangerous gas in densely populated areas like @ORGANIZATION2 use. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, [they] realized the accident in New York could have been worse."
There are many obstacles encountered when landing the spacecraft at the Empire State Building. Much of this has to do with the framing and safety of the building. Workers have hit roadblocks with plans for a new moored airship before construction even begins. To be able to support the aircraft, the frame of the building had to be "modified and strengthened", otherwise the building would not be able to stand. Safety was a major concern in completing the plan to moor the airship to the Empire State Building. Once everything was built and finished, it was quickly realized that "the mooring mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose". Some of the reasons for this are because foreign spacecraft are primarily made of hydrogen, which is highly flammable and extremely unsafe. Also, simply attaching the airship to the mast is dangerous due to winds that are "changing due to strong air currents." Parking an airship on the world's tallest building is not only unsafe, it's also illegal. Airships are not allowed to fly to low altitudes in populated areas. After the mooring mast was built, it was quickly realized that it would never be used.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's story "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. The main hurdle for @NUM1 for builders is that hydrogen is highly flammable. The second main reason is the wind from nature itself. The last reason is the laws against airships. The first major hurdle for builders was that the balloons contain hydrogen and helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable, so builders needed to provide a safe docking point for the airship. The second major hurdle for builders is nature itself. The wind from the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. The final hurdle for builders is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal for boats to dock in or near buildings in the area. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in trying to get their spaceships docked there, but in the end spaceships didn't become the future of transportation, giving way to airplanes...
The hurdle faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to dock the spacecraft was the lack of a suitable landing zone. In addition, a thousand-foot ship moored at the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. To do that, they need a lot of money, like $60,000. Another reason is safety, since most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. But the biggest obstacle to successfully using mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow.
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of problems trying to allow flying machines. One is that in the story it says that the spacecraft uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. If it has a hole, it will catch fire. Another problem is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Another practical reason why blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit blimps from being too low over urban areas. These are some of the hurdles facing builders.
They were among the many hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there. Most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mass. Airships anchored in open landing pads could be held down with lead weights behind them, but using these at the Empire State Building would hang high above pedestrians on the street and would be neither practical nor safe. These are some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the biggest obstacles they had to face was the wind on top of the building, as the wind was constantly changing due to the turbulent air currents. It's also not safe to hold the airship down with a lead block, so it doesn't spin around the mooring mast. A $60,000 modification to the building's frame was also required. They were afraid that it would be dangerous to bring the boat down with a plumb bob, because the people in the city were below. Building a mooring mast must be very difficult.
Mooring Masts On December 11, 1929, El Smith announced to the public that the Empire State Building would rise to 1,250 feet, making it the tallest building in the world. To do this, they will add a mooring mast to the top of the building to dock the Dirigibles. The builders were unaware of the impending obstacles. They face many architectural, @CAPS1 and nature-based dilemmas. When designing the mast, they realized they couldn't just put the mast on top. The wind pressure, combined with all the pressure of a ship supported by a single cable, transmits the pressure throughout the building, even to the foundations. (@NUM1 paragraph) To do this, it would take more than $@NUM2 to make the frame strong enough to withstand the pressure. Another hurdle to play is @CAPS1. In @LOCATION2, hydrogen is used to fuel the spacecraft. Hydrogen is highly flammable, so if anything happens in downtown New York. This will be a disaster. The biggest obstacle is said to be nature itself. Violent air currents are unpredictable, and the ship will move around even as the weight drops. But it is impractical or unsafe to measure the weight of the balloon with the pedestrian below. Overall, the mast result is a failure of building @CAPS1 due to blindly seeing and blindly predicting natural obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. In the reading, they talked about not much landing area in @ORGANIZATION2, however, although increasing the height of the landing space mast can be dangerous, not only for passengers but also for those on the ground. Also, a kilogram of craftsmanship adds stress to the building's frame; therefore the frame must be modified and strengthened to accommodate @LOCATION2. - (It will cost more than @MONEY1) The idea proved unsafe when the German spaceship exploded in @ORGANIZATION1 - they realized how dangerous it could be to fly over a densely populated area like NYC.
According to an excerpt from The Mooring Mast, the builders who built the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the building. One of the many obstacles is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is always changing due to the violent air currents. If the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, its rear will rotate around the mooring mast, as described in paragraph @NUM1. Another hurdle is that spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. As you can see, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face a lot of hurdles when trying to get their ships docked on the building.
According to the excerpt, it's clear that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the reasons this idea fails is that there is already a law that makes it illegal to even approach ships in the area, as stated in paragraph @NUM1. Also, if the airship ever reaches the Empire State Building, that could be an extreme fire hazard. This is demonstrated in the @NUM2 paragraph, which states, "The German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire..." This made the owner realize, "The accident in New York could have been worse." Most importantly Yes, the weather presents a bigger question. Violent drafts made the idea of mooring masts "neither practical nor safe". I think the most important reason this idea failed is because technology just surpassed predictions. In paragraph @NUM3 it says: "Airships are not the transportation of the future, but give way to aircraft."
In "Mooring Masts," Marcia Amidon Lüsted discusses several of the adversities and obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there. One of the many hurdles they faced was "the lack of a suitable landing zone. Airships moored in an open landing pad might be held down with plumb bobs in the back, but when those plumb bobs were used at the Empire State Building, they would hang high on the street. It is neither practical nor safe for pedestrians.” However, before considering landing the airship, the architect had to figure out a way to place the mooring mast on top of the building. They "cannot simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the building." @CAPS1 "The steel frame of the building must be retrofitted and reinforced." Most problems are avoidable except "due to strong drafts, The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing".
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle is that most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium in airships, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The builders of the Empire State Building didn't realize this was a problem until May 6, 1937, when the German airship Hindenburg caught fire in New Jersey (paragraph @NUM1). Only then did they understand how bad it would be if a spaceship caught fire in a crowd in New York. Another obstacle is nature. The wind on top of the building is always changing wildly, making the ship spin over @LOCATION2's head. As mentioned in @NUM2 paragraph, such problems can be easily solved by reducing the weight of the airship with a plumb bob. However, using lead weights that could accidentally fall on someone below is an unsafe way to keep an airship stationary. Finally, as @NUM3 wrote at the beginning of the paragraph, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas". The whole idea of using the Empire State Building as a docking area for spaceships is illegal under the law, and rightly so. There is so much complexity that a single spark or a gust of wind can endanger the lives of countless people. These are the reasons why plans to build mooring masses for ships on the Empire State Building in the 1930s were abandoned.
New York Governor Al Smith has a vision. He wanted to build a building that would surpass the Chrysler Building, currently the tallest building in the world. He did it successfully. The Empire State Building is now the tallest building in the world at 1,250 feet. But the building has more plans. At the time, aviation pioneers dreamed of traveling in airships, and now a mooring mast is built on top of the building to dock these airships. But what should have been a cautious project turned out to be a dangerous one. This item should have more precautions. Airships can be very dangerous in a populous area like New York City. If the ship catches fire and explodes , people could be injured. And at such a high altitude, it's quite possible. People are just starting to understand the dangers of this project, which is why it was canceled for lack of safety.
The hurdle for builders is making sure the building is stable enough. Architects knew they couldn't just put a mooring mast on the Empire State Building. Ayle Smith commented that the mooring masks are at normal levels, and how they work. A group of engineers is trying to find a feasible and faster arrangement. Meanwhile, the government is trying to find a safe way to moor airships with masts. “A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building’s frame (@NUM1). The hurdle the builders experienced was if they were to install a large The weight of the spaceship building increases the pressure by pushing it down. Also, it gets to where the building frame is. They have to use a steel frame to make things work. However, the wind on top of the building causes dramatic airflow shifts. Hanging airships over pedestrians is very unsafe, even good. The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of significant challenges to get the airships docked there.
The Empire State Building has always been very famous, but really wanted more attention. New York Governor Al Smith tried to dock the spacecraft on the building for transport. He was encouraged that it would work, and has actually done building it. In order to realize this dream, the builders went through many hurdles. To realize this dream, builders must modify and reinforce buildings. It's not cheap, "there would have to be more than $60,000 worth of remodeling to the frame of the building." It would be very expensive. The builders designed a "shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower". The mast will also have all four corners. Builders designed observation areas and even elevator and luggage areas. They planned it all out and raised an American flag on top. Unfortunately, no one has considered all the dangers of docking a spacecraft. All builders' work is never done. They tried to dock two but were unsuccessful. The building was transformed into the world's tallest soda fountain and sightseeing tea garden.
When building the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, architects encountered a number of hurdles. These obstacles resulted in designers never using mooring masts as effectively as they had hoped. The first problem they encountered was that a thousand-ton ship would add stress to the building's frame. The designer had to spend @MONEY1 to reinforce the frame of the building. The first hurdle has made builders suspicious that it won't happen easily. The next thing they realized was that hydrogen ships are very flammable. If a huge spaceship caught fire and crashed into New York City, it would be catastrophic. It also fuels their enthusiasm for the job, knowing how risky it would be. Due to the airflow, the wind above the building is constantly changing, which can cause the airship tethered to the mast to overturn. The designers believe that it is neither practical nor safe to be above pedestrians on the ground. The last obstacle that really killed their mooring idea was the airship law. By law, airships cannot fly that low over urban areas, thus leaving an illegal mark on their plans. Designers of mooring masts have had to face many obstacles in their design that have resulted in their masts never being used.
When building a dock for a spaceship, there are many obstacles that architects never realize. One of these obstacles they face is height, and the resulting insecurity. In @DATE1, the German spacecraft "Hindenburg" using highly flammable hydrogen caught fire in New Jersey, as described in paragraph thirteenth. If this were to happen to a spaceship docked over New York City, the airship would crash to the ground where many New @CAPS1 will be busy throughout their day. The biggest obstacle they face is nature. Air currents and storms can cause the ship, tethered to the mooring mast with only one rope, to "spin round and round around the mooring mast...hanging high above pedestrians in the street." As in paragraph 14 As pointed out, this is neither practical nor can it be said that it is. A third hurdle they face is existing laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urbanized areas. Even the Empire State Building cannot be legally docked on the new mooring mast. Al Smith's idea eventually had to be abandoned due to safety, nature and state laws.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that the weight of the airship "or airship", desire wind pressure, puts too much pressure on the frame of the building. The architects easily overcame this obstacle. They reinforced the iron frame of the building so that it could withstand the extra pressure. Unfortunately, other obstacles were not overcome and led to the abandonment of the use of masts to dock the airship. The biggest problem is security. Many airships use hydrogen gas instead of helium to keep them afloat, which is highly flammable. The risk of the airship catching fire and crashing into the city is too great. Nature is also a huge obstacle. The wind will blow the airship into surrounding buildings, and since it floats in the air, the weight cannot hold it down. Finally, current law says that planes cannot fly too low near urban areas.
The problem is that the boat can be blown against the building by the wind. Than they want to put heavy things on the boat, but they might fall off and hit people on the ground.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the many obstacles that prevent the ship from docking at the Empire State Building are described. One obstacle was that the Empire State Building's roof was flat, and the building's frame had to be made stronger to put the mooring masts there. Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "Modifying the frame costs more than @MONEY1. Another hurdle is the law. "Flying low downtown" is illegal, so it would be impossible for an airship to even get close to the Empire State Building. Finally, the biggest hurdle is safety. Flying around New York Airships are made using flammable hydrogen. In addition, "the wind on top of the building is constantly moving due to the violent air currents. "It's not safe to hang an airship in the wind because it will move around. Of course, it's also a safety hazard because thousands of pedestrians will be walking on the road below, "[the airship] will be on the street Dangling high above pedestrians, "if one fell, it would be terrifying. Obviously, hanging an airship from the mast of the Empire State Building wouldn't work."
In the excerpt, there were a lot of hurdles when trying to build the Empire State Building and make sure the ship was docked safely. The first obstacle to building the Empire State Building was engineer Al Smith's desire to make the Empire State Building "the tallest building in the world." "When the Empire State Building was conceived, it was planned to be the tallest building in the world, even taller than the new Chrysler Building under construction." (@CAPS1 1) The problem is that the Chrysler Building architects placed a 185 inside the building ft. spire. Al Smith came up with an idea to make the Empire State Building taller. His idea was more than just a "decoration." "It is said that their upper floors will serve a higher mission. The Empire State Building will be equipped with an era of transportation, which at the time was only the dream of aviation pioneers." He believed he could Use the building as a dock for spaceships so people can get on and off. The problem is that the framework does n't work. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to fail its purpose." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) They tried to land the ship @NUM2 times, but in the end they couldn't. "December 1930, USS Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but couldn't get close enough." (@CAPS1 @NUM3) They couldn't solve the problem.
The Empire State Building started out as a giant skyscraper. Then, Al Smith has to go all out and get his team to go all out. The crew has many hurdles to complete. First, they had to modify and reinforce the steel frame of the building, which cost more than $60,000. Second, the men made a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel with lighting inside. Next, they had to add four wings or shiny aluminum to raise a conical roof to accommodate the mooring arms. Fourth, the crew had to add stairs and elevators to accommodate "airship" passengers. Finally, they will add several observation rooms on floors @NUM1 and 102. Smith's men worked hard and encountered many obstacles trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building
Architects and builders faced some hurdles when trying to build the Empire State Building and allow spaceships to dock there. One obstacle they face is maintaining a safe environment. Hydrogen-fueled spaceships are easily destroyed by fire. An example of this is in the @NUM1 paragraph, "The German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ." Another major obstacle was high wind speeds and violent airflow. These become dangerous as the rear of the boat swings around the mooring mast. Finally, another obstacle they face is the law. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it says, "The existing law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." This law would prevent ships from docking there, or even flying in general areas. All these obstacles were insurmountable, so in the end the mooring mast was unsuccessful.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, they wanted to add a higher height to the Empire State Building so it could be "equipped for a transportation age that was just an aviation dream at the time," @PERSON1 said. Next, Al Smith wants to add a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building, so it can keep the craft parked there for hours for refueling or service, and get passengers on and off. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's frame." They then "designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that could be illuminated from within, with a setback design that mimicked the overall shape of the building itself. In addition, " the rocket-shaped mast will have four wings at its corners, be made of shiny aluminium, and will rise to a conical roof that accommodates the mooring arms". The roof must be completed before the mask can be put on. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. Taken together, these are the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there.
As human beings, we have an obligation to dream and wish to make it a reality. Al Smith's dream of having an airship on the Empire State Building is a dream that I think is pretty shaky. Many obstacles proved from the beginning, and the fate of this project was a failure. It was clear from the very early days that this was surreal, as “one of the barriers to expanding their lives in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing zone” (paragraph 6). Having an airship cruising around a big city should have been impossible for Al Smith, even before the building was built. Safety is also something to be seriously considered because "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable", which is also intertwined with the regularity of objects flying too low over urban areas together (@NUM1 paragraph)).
The first hurdle is to make the building a little taller by adding a top or a hat, making the Empire State Building the tallest building in the world. The second hurdle was throwing people from the mooring masts onto the flat roof of the Empire State Building.
The hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked on the building were palpable. One of the obstacles is that of nature, the wind speed at the top of the building is high and always changing, which can make the ship unstable and difficult to dock. Another obstacle they face is the safety of pedestrians and bystanders. Ships can become uncontrollable, putting many lives at risk. The final hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas, which would make it illegal to dock blimps on the Empire State Building. A number of hurdles faced by builders prevented the completion of construction of a spaceship dock on top of the Empire State Building.
The hurdles builders will have to face will be things like structural @CAPS1, and concerns about future technological advancements. Even if they figure out how to land the ship on the platform, what about their advancement or a new mode of transportation. Structural @CAPS1 is a quick fix by strengthening the support to the building itself.
Builders face many obstacles when constructing a mast. One obstacle is the flat roof of the building. An airship moored to a building by a single cable can cause compression of the building frame. As a result, builders had to modify and strengthen the frame to address this obstacle. Another problem is that other countries are still using hydrogen, and an explosion over New York would be devastating. One of the biggest obstacles is "nature itself". The wind direction at the top of the mountain is constantly changing. The rear of the boat will move around the mooring mast. They have to solve this problem in a safe way. In the field, the back of the ship would be crushed by lead, but it was impossible. It's not safe to have plumbs on civilians' heads. In addition to all these obstacles, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. In the end, the mooring masts failed because not all of these obstacles could be addressed and repaired.
The first obstical came when the @PERSON1 building changed its height. They created the mooring mast and made the Empire State Building @NUM1 feet tall. They then found that the mast would add stress to the building's frame. Then there were Hindenburgs with new laws and mooring masts that didn't work. So gave up trying to make it useful.
First, there is no way to anchor any ship. Only by adding lead weights did they stabilize the back; not a good idea on crowded streets. Second, there are laws that say ships can't fly that close to buildings. Also, when the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire near a naval base in New Jersey, it was thought that "…if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, it would have been worse." @CAPS1, high The wind was so strong that the airship couldn't even get close to the building. All in all, this is a bad idea.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle faced was the foundation of the building. "The pressure and wind pressure of the ship's load had to be transmitted nearly one thousand and one hundred feet below." This became an obstacle because the buildings were already built, so they had to work on existing foundations. Another hurdle is the law. The law stipulates that "airships are not allowed to fly at low altitudes over urban areas". This became an obstacle because they had to convince government personnel that it was safe. In the end, the biggest obstacle is nature itself. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." That's a hindrance because the wind can get so bad that a strapped ship could tear the roof and injure those below. All in all, this is how the builders in Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt encountered many obstacles when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
The mission to dock the ship at the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles. The first thing that comes into play is the support of the building. The ship's load and wind pressure can greatly reduce the stability of the building. More than $60,000 was spent on modifying the building's framing. Another problem is the spacecraft itself. Most spacecraft from outside the United States are filled with hydrogen. As seen in the tragic Hindenburg accident, hydrogen is highly flammable. The owners of the Empire State Building have concluded that accidents like these cause more damage to densely populated areas. After all these hurdles, the idea of the spacecraft being docked atop the Empire State Building was put on hold for the safety of the people.
When building the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, engineers seemed to overlook all its flaws. Safety can be one of the biggest concerns with mooring masts. Most spacecraft outside the United States are said to use helium-hydrogen. This results in a higher risk of explosion. After the Hindenburg incident in Lakehurst, NJ, their great fear of what would happen if it happened above the city center was naturally considered its biggest obstacle. Due to the airflow, the wind direction at the top moves violently. The rear of the boat rotates around the mooring mast @CAPS1 is another major reason. Airships are not allowed to fly a certain height over urban areas. Even approaching the area where the building is located is illegal. Al Smith really should have done more research to see what might be wrong with his mooring mast.
The Empire State Building's builders faced a number of technical and safety issues when constructing the building's airship mooring masts. First, mooring the ship to the mast with just one cable puts a lot of stress on the building's frame. The frame of the building must first be strengthened before such a project can take place. After the mast was completed, several other issues prevented its use. The masts are designed to make the building a travel hub, but most ships from other countries use hydrogen instead of helium to fly. Earlier, the German airship Hindenburg had been destroyed because hydrogen was very flammable. People realize that such a disaster would be more catastrophic if it happened in a densely populated city like New York. Additionally, airships anchored to the mast can be blown away by high winds, potentially pushing them into nearby buildings. The plumb bob normally used to prevent this has to be suspended above pedestrians, which is a major safety concern - @CAPS1, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban residential areas and it is illegal to use a mast. These issues doomed the mooring mast project from the start.
In fact, these craft are so large and filled with hydrogen and helium that the point at the top pops it off. And the wind was always too high so they could never connect the airship to the building. In the end, the German airship Hindenburg burned like this, and they feared it would happen. Especially in a crowded area like New York.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems when trying to make mooring masts for the Dirigibles. The first major problem they encountered was building themselves. "The stress of the spacecraft load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building," it said. The world's tallest building cannot withstand the pressure. They can make it powerful, but at a high cost, so @CAPS1 already. The architects of the next obstienle are very safe in densely populated areas like downtown New York. They find the airship dangerous and uncontrollable in a city of high towers. The normal process of docking an airship must be changed to accumulate. On the mooring masts, laws were soon enacted to keep airships away from populated areas after the Hindenburg riots. However, some people still dared to try and dock on masts like LA and Columbia, but the masts were never put to good use and showed the problem with being an innovative thing at the Empire State Building at @CAPS1.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One big safety issue: Most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Another reason is that when the spacecraft are parked in an open landing pad, they can be held down with lead weights in the back, but using these lead weights at the Empire State Building would not work because New York is densely populated and overhangs pedestrians. Another reason is laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area. Even if it could, there are concerns that the ship will be pierced by other obstacles on the surrounding buildings.
Architects and builders encountered many obstacles when building an airship dock on top of the Empire State Building. The first problem the builders encountered was that the frame of the building might not be strong enough to support the weight of the ship. In paragraph 9 it says, "The load of the ship and the pressure of the wind must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is too risky. Another obstacle that the builders encounter "is nature itself". @CAPS1 Some ships use hydrogen Instead of helium, fear that winds on top of buildings will be too strong and damaged by flammable gases. The next hurdle for builders is public safety. Current laws prohibiting airships from flying are too low in urban areas." For New Yorkers, @@ The CAPS2 spacecraft was unable to approach the docks in the area. All these issues culminated in "the idea of using a mooring mast that [was] shelved".
After reading the excerpt, the builders encountered a number of hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. First, there is a lack of suitable landing zones. The builders knew they had to add a mooring mast on top of it so it could land safely and passengers could get on and off. Another problem they faced was placing a thousand-foot spaceship on top of the building, which would stress the building frame. This pressure and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. In the end, the biggest obstacle is nature. Due to the strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing, causing the rear of the boat to rotate around the mooring mast. While improving traffic was a great idea, the product never worked and wasn't properly considered.
According to the excerpts given, the idea of landing the spacecraft on the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building in New York City is unrealistic. One obstacle to proving this is that most spacecraft are filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, not helium like balloons. This creates a security problem for the city. Another obstacle preventing this idea from being implemented is the passing of certain laws that dictate that airships and blimps can only fly so low in urban areas due to high winds and the risk of damage. Mooring masts were and are not suitable for airship landings and are mainly used for tourist attractions.
The architects of the Empire State Building encountered several obstacles when constructing the mooring mast. One of them was the purpose it was supposed to serve (docking the airship), the original design of the building couldn't handle it. In the @NUM1 paragraph, it says "a thousand-foot airship will add stress to the building frame." Because of this realization, they had to do a "$60,000 renovation" (@NUM1 paragraph) they had to face Another hurdle is adding new floors. They originally designed the building to be about NUM3 floors, but with the addition of the mooring masts, the builders had to make an extra top and design it so detailed that it could be both an observatory and a boarding dock. These first have two hurdles, difficult but solvable. Some of the obstacles that builders have to face are insurmountable. The first is that the ship from @LOCATION2 is filled with hydrogen (highly flammable). Due to the location of the Empire State Building (in downtown New York), a small accident can cause huge problems in the city. Also, thwy doesn't take into account the wind on top of the building. The Empire State Building will be very high and the wind will be strong. These winds can cause the airship to become unstable, which is also unsafe. With these last two barriers, the mooring masts are still being built, but used as a design rather than a pier.
"Lack of a suitable landing zone" in an excerpt from the obstacles encountered by the Empire State Building @CAPS1 trying to dock the ship. (p.@NUM1) @CAPS1 is trying to try a proper landing zone where the ship will park for a few hours for refueling or repairs and get passengers on and off. @CAPS1 try an electric winch. This "will sway in the breeze, but passengers can safely disembark and disembark the airship via a ramp to an open viewing platform." @CAPS1 at the Empire State Building's biggest obstacle is "nature itself," meaning the ship is anchored in an open landing pad , where they would rise above pedestrians on the street, neither practical nor safe. @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building is trying to get spaceships into Empire State Building property for these reasons!
In this "Mooring Mast" excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. Human safety is at stake, which is naturally a big obstacle, and another reason is that spaceships can't be parked at the Empire State Building, because it's illegal. First, the builder's obstacle they completely forget is the safety of the people. Most airships other than @LOCATION2 use hydrogen other than helium, which is very flammable. They don't want to risk anyone getting hurt in a populated area. Also, another big hurdle is @CAPS1 nature itself. Sometimes the wind will be strong and it will move back and forth. If an airship was installed, it would dangle violently over the citizens, with little sense of security. Finally, it is illegal to fly airships near cities, and New York has a high population density. The reason for this law is so that nothing bad happens to the citizens. All in all, builders have gone through a lot of hurdles, they are blinded by the project, they want to get it done but forget about safety.
When it comes to allowing ships to dock on top of the Empire State Building, there are a lot of obstacles. One it can get very dense with taller buildings. Because they never made it before things could go wrong in the end like Hindenburg. Another similar disaster could happen but this time in a densely populated city
When building the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the biggest hurdles is security. They needed to find a way to dock the spacecraft to the mast without letting it swing in the wind. "Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast" (@NUM1). Another hurdle in trying to dock a spaceship to the Empire State Building is designing the mast. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@NUM2). The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened to bear the weight of the mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when constructing the mast. The first obstacle is the stability of the building. The excerpt states that "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened." This shows that in order to construct the mast, the structure of the entire building needs to be changed to accommodate the use of the mast. The second obstacle they faced when it came to actually using the mast was nature. In order to dock the ship to the mast, which is not allowed by Mother Nature, as @CAPS1 in the excerpt said, "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." They also warn that under these air currents, Passengers will not be able to leave the airship safely due to the rapid disengagement at the end of the airship. They worried that if they docked at the end, it would be unsafe for pedestrians below, like helium in a spaceship.
The builders ran into several snags trying to get the ship to dock on the Empire State Building's mast, until finally they called it out. The Chrysler Building in New York City is about to become the height of the yet-to-be-built Empire State Building, according to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. The weight and strength of the airship could damage the entire building, so it had to be reinforced and modified so the airship could land. Engineers also had to find a way to control the flammability that airships tend to have. In the @NUM1 paragraph, Lüsted describes a spacecraft that exploded in New Jersey not long ago, and that building a landing pad over densely populated New York City could be detrimental. The builders of the mooring mast eventually concluded that the plan was "neither practical nor safe" (@NUM2). The airship is weighed down with lead, which can negatively impact pedestrians if something goes wrong. The builders of the Empire State Building thought a lot about building the spaceship dock, and ultimately they decided to abandon it for the better.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," author Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains how the Empire State Building's spire was originally used as a mooring mast. The purpose of the spire was never fulfilled due to the many problems and obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some of the biggest problems for builders are unpredictable high winds, the use of hydrogen in the craft, and the air method. Wind is an issue because even if the front of the airship is tethered to the mast, what belongs to the rear is allowed to swing freely in the wind, which could cause it to crash into another moored airship. High winds can also make new arrivals to the Empire a dangerous job. The use of hydrogen is a problem because hydrogen is a volatile gas and because it can explode, which is very dangerous in densely populated areas. Finally, air law is an issue, as the US has a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, which would make it illegal to park at the Empire State Building.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders faced obstacles such as the use of hydrogen, airflow, and existing laws when trying to dock their spacecraft to the building. The first hurdle for builders was the use of hydrogen in most ships outside the United States. Hydrogen is considered highly flammable and is a big safety concern. A German spacecraft has been destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. "Empire State Building owners realize that if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, the situation could be worse." (@NUM1) If this happened in New York, the damage could be even worse. Another hurdle for builders is violent airflow. "Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the back of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." (@NUM1) This is very dangerous because there are pedestrians on the street. A final hurdle is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. "The law makes it illegal to tie ships to buildings." (@NUM3) This law does not allow ships to approach New York. In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the owners of the Empire State Building face obstacles such as the use of hydrogen, airflow and existing laws when trying to allow airships to be docked on the building
The hurdle that the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there was that the pressure from the ship's load and wind pressure could cause problems for the building's foundations. A thousand-foot-long craft, held in place by a cable tether. Will increase the stress on the building frame. Safety is another issue, and most flying saucers outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium. This is a problem because hydrogen is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in New Jersey. Accidents would be more dangerous in New York because the city is densely populated. Another reason they have problems allowing airships to dock is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too close in urban areas. In December 1930, the @ORGANIZATION2 ship did try to reach the mooring mast, but couldn't due to wind, fearing it might blow the ship onto the spires of other buildings. This pierces the airship hull.
There is no doubt that the builders of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building were extremely innovative and ambitious. However, it is also clear that they faced many difficulties, which they overcame and overcame. One of the main difficulties they faced was that a 1,000-foot-long craft was tethered to a 1,250-foot building with extreme wind currents on top that would put a lot of pressure on the building,” the payload of the craft and the pressure of the wind. The pressure has to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building...there has to be over $60,000 worth of modifications to the building frame." @CAPS1, the builders have ended up addressing this. However, after construction was complete, the mooring mast was not able to perform its full role due to more challenges. After the tragic accident on the Hindenburg, "owners realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, the situation could have been worse." Another concern was that in such strong winds, only the The front of the airship is tied to the moor and the rear swings. "Airships moored in an open landing pad can be held down with lead weights behind them, but using these at the Empire State Building, they will hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe." The last one facing the mooring mast The challenge is existing laws against low-altitude flying. This ended Al Smith's dream.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. My prediction is that he doesn't want it because the Empire State Building is so high that the airship seems to float on it. There might be something, and that's what I think Al Smith worries about. My alternate answer is what he said "it's on the level, okay." No kidding. We are doing this now. A group of engineers in New York are trying to come up with a practical arrangement, and government people in Washington are trying to figure out a safe way to moor the airship on this mast," he seemed baffled by the whole situation.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle they faced was that some airships were @NUM1 feet long, four blocks in NYC. This was a hindrance because when it was connected by a single tether, it added stress to the frame of the building. To achieve this, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened and remodeled. The next obstacle they face is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. For example, in the excerpt it says that the US Navy ship Los @CAPS1 approached the mooring mast, but was unable to get close to mooring due to strong winds. Also, the captain couldn't even take his hands off the lever. The next hurdle they face is security. The builders said the spacecraft was held down by lead, but if they did it would be a safety issue. This would be a safety issue as the spacecraft would hang above pedestrians on the street. The final hurdle they face is a law banning low-altitude flying in urban areas. It is illegal to tie a boat to a building or even approach the area.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on its mooring masts. The first obstacle they encountered was high winds. The wind is constantly changing, so the airship will blow through the air violently. Another hurdle is that foreign spacecraft use hydrogen, not helium, which is extremely flammable. The final hurdle for builders is the law that doesn't allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a variety of reasons when trying to dock the airship to the building's mast.
There were a number of hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship on the Empire State Building. Such as the danger of non-US spacecraft docking. The problem is that they use hydrogen gas instead of helium, making them highly flammable. They think about the time the German spaceship crashed and realize it would have been worse if it had happened in downtown New York. Another problem is the wind of nature. The wind direction atop the Empire State Building is always changing dramatically. Also, using lead weights like when landing in a field can be dangerous to those below. In the end, the law is an issue. The law makes it illegal to fly so low over an urban area. Although two ships tried it, they both experienced its dangers firsthand.
According to experts, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles and tried to get the spaceship docked there. Getting a spaceship docked on top of the Empire State Building has never been easier. As mentioned in the article, the idea of a spaceship was "destined to never achieve its purpose." One hurdle that builders will face is safety. Hydrogen is more flammable because most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium. This is a very dangerous hurdle for builders because fire itself is really dangerous. The biggest obstacle, however, is nature itself. If the wind changes drastically, the airship may drop and hang over pedestrians. It's not safe for people or builders because it could hurt them. Another hurdle that builders will face is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. It will be illegal for boats to park in or near the area. This makes it harder for builders to complete as it is illegal.
In @ORGANIZATION1's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. There are some obstacles, such as if the airship were attached to a building with a rope, it would "add stress to the frame of the building". To fix this, more than $60,000 worth of renovations to the building had to be done. Another problem is that some spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and it would be very dangerous to have it in a populated area. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." By Lüsted, what Lüsted means is that there are lots of strong drafts on top of the building, which means the boat will spin left and right. To make sure this doesn't happen, a lead head must be used, which is impractical or unsafe for "hanging over pedestrians". In the end, people realized that there were too many issues involved in using a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building.
In the beginning, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Many obstacles have disappeared with the ship itself. For example, airships were very unsafe and flammable in the 1930s. "When the German ship was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937, New Jersey realized that it could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area such as downtown New York." Another hurdle for the builders is nature itself. The wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents. It is very dangerous for an airship to fly close to the mooring mast in such winds. Additionally, blimps cannot fly near the Empire State Building because current laws prohibit them from flying too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking at buildings or approaching the area. Al Smith's dream was to make the Empire State Building fit for traffic, but sometimes the dream doesn't always come to fruition.
Experts encountered some major hurdles in building the Empire State Building. One of these major hurdles is framing work. When you're going to build a 1,250-foot building and mount an airplane on it, you need a well-designed and well-designed frame. What they did was add stainless steel and chrome-nickel windows to reduce stress. They spent more than $60,000 to remodel the skeleton of the Empire State Building. Another major issue is airflow. You can't strap on a spaceship and trust its wobbly back, it's worth it. When you're almost 11 @NUM1 feet in the air, the wind can be very strong at that altitude. If the craft fell off or unhooked before refueling, it would crash and burn, with hundreds of pedestrians on the ground below. Al Smith had a great idea, but he didn't realize all the problems.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. They have to take into account the pressure on the building, adding more on top of the building will increase the pressure. The steel frame had to be modified and reinforced to meet the needs. It will also exceed the modified value of @MONEY1'. Builders also face safety hurdles. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which is flammable and therefore unsafe. "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas." And another law stands in their way. Faced with all these hurdles, the builders didn't pass the idea.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A major problem is the spacecraft themselves, as they use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable. It would be catastrophic if the spacecraft exploded over a populated area. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a building's mooring mast is nature. Mooring masts are used to dock airships, such as airships or zeppelins. For these large aircraft, it is very dangerous to park them on top of buildings where the wind changes drastically. The stern will rotate around the mooring mast, posing a @CAPS1 threat. The ships are moored in open ground, and lead weights can be used to hold them down. It's neither @CAPS2 nor practice that a spaceship is parked over the Empire State Building and it will hang over pedestrians. @CAPS3 Constructing the Empire State Building faced more challenges and obstacles than its architects had hoped.
The builder of the Empire State Building had various issues with @CAPS1 allowing the ship to dock. The nature of the ship, the added stress and safety to the building, all go against the ludicrous idea of landing an airship on the Empire State Building. The nature of the boat causes the body to sway in the wind. One problem that arises from this is mooring cable tangles. To combat this, captains will have to use lead counterweights. These are very impractical to use as they would hang on crowded streets. Another problem is adding pressure to building foundations. Since the building was not usually designed for this role, its foundation had to be modified. These renovations cost more than $60,000. The most obvious issue is security. These airships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. The area around the building has other buildings with spires on top. If a ship collided with one of them, there was no way to stop the disaster.
According to the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. These obstacles include weather, safety, previous airship tragedies and laws. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building is a huge safety hazard because even when the airship is secured, the rear can swing, causing potential hazards due to unpredictable winds. To fly the spacecraft, they are filled with hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is also dangerous because hydrogen gas is very flammable. On May 6, 1937, the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire at Lakehurst @LOCATION3, so the owners considered that the situation could have been worse if the accident happened above a densely populated area such as New York. Airships are very unsafe, so this created many obstacles for the builders of the Empire State Building to allow the airships to dock there.
The hurdle faced by builders was that the airships in the area flew too low and made the Empire State Building taller than actually expected. Just like in @CAPS1, the three Al Smiths realize he risks losing the title of world's tallest building. On December 11, 1929, he announced that the Empire State Building would rise to 1,250 feet. All he has to do is add a top or a hat to the building, which will make it taller than any other building in the city. Another hurdle they face is the law about airships flying too low over urban areas . They made this law so any airships would not be tied to buildings. Flying too low is a huge safety hazard; it could claim hundreds of lives.
In the excerpt, the builders faced multiple hurdles in allowing the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. The first is to make the steel frame of the building stronger. Builders also had to build the Empire State Building to be 102 stories high and 101 stories to be an observatory. The final hurdle faced was the construction of the Empire State Building. These are the hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get their ships docked there, one of which was that a massive ship attached to the top of the building via a cable would interfere with the building. pressure from other parts of the object. To make half of the tower more stable, they will have to spend $60,000 to retrofit @CAPS1 Naturally a key issue, winds are unpredictable due to strong airflow, even if the airship is strapped to the mast, the back will wrap around @ CAPS2 It is not safe for a large airship to rotate over a pedestrian. Another reason blimps can't be docked on top of the Empire State Building is that the law doesn't allow blimps to fly too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit ships from docking here. Overall, these are some of the hurdles facing building the Empire State Building
From "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Empire State Building is much more than that. The gas hazard in some airships is a huge risk because some are flammable. The installation of mooring masts in huge cities also poses a potential threat to the safety of cities and populations. The same goes for security threats; the wind is also out of control. Because the mast is high, changing winds cannot be predicted. With wind, the spacecraft won't be able to stay in one place, another safety issue that the architects overlooked. After all the safety concerns and weather issues, there is still the fact that the idea is prohibited by law. Makes the idea of a mast impossible. Due to all the perilous and dangerous tasks they had to deal with, the mast was never built and it was very unfortunate that with all the planning it was absolutely impossible for the spacecraft to land there.
In Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2's excerpt of "Mooring Masts", architects faced a number of reasons when trying to get their ships docked there. The architects were initially unable to place the mooring mast because it would add stress to the building's frame. The architects had to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the building to complete the new situation they were doing. Before placing the mooring masts, the architects designed a shiny glass, chrome-nickel stainless steel tower to take on the building's overall shape. The roof had to be done even before the mooring masts on top of the building were constructed. When placing the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building; it didn't work. When they tested it, the spacecraft didn't get close enough to tether it. So in the future @ORGANIZATION2's "mooring mast" didn't work out.
The obstacle for the builders of the Empire State Building was that they wanted to be bigger and more spectacular.
The builders of the Empire State Building had great plans to have airships (also called blimps) docked there. Despite their high expectations, they encountered many obstacles in their efforts to achieve this goal. The first problem they encountered was that the steel frame of the building had to be strengthened due to the stress of the spacecraft's load. Therefore, the architects had to make changes to the skeleton of the building. Safety is also an issue, as hydrogen makes the airship flammable, which could lead to fire damage. There is also an existing law stating that "airships cannot fly to low altitudes in urban areas". @CAPS1, airships are not allowed to be strapped to a building, let alone reach that area. "The biggest obstacle to successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The airship would over-spin due to high winds, and there wasn't enough room in the area to weigh down the lower back with lead. So the architects of the Empire State Building faced too many hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there successfully.
When the Empire State Building was conceived by @NUM1, it was planned to be the tallest building. However, few people know that the original purpose of the mast was as a landing point for airships (also known as airships). In @DATE1, spaceships are hailed as the transportation of the future. There will be a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to dock these new airships. In trying to do this, however, the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some of these craft are a thousand feet long, and this is where the first obstacle they face comes into play. The first obstacle to expanding use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing zone because airships had been in use for so long. Nor can architects simply put mooring masks on the roof of the Empire State Building. Combined with the @NUM2ft ship moored on top, we put pressure on the frame of the building. This will be another obstacle for workers. Mooring masks are doomed to never fulfill their purpose, causing harm to the safety of many. This is yet another hurdle facing workers. The final obstacle and practical reason why blimps cannot be moored to buildings is that current laws prohibit blimps from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. These are many of the hurdles builders face when trying to dock their ships at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles in getting the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the wind on top of the building. The winds there are "constantly changing due to violent air currents". This makes it dangerous to park the ship there. Another obstacle is a law that prohibits airships from flying over cities. The law states that "it is illegal for boats to be on buildings or even near the area". Since they are banned from doing so, no pilot will go there again. The third obstacle is the reduced use of airships. With the Hindenburg incident on May 6, 1937 and the increased use of aircraft, the airships were running out of people. In conclusion, there are several obstacles preventing the spacecraft from docking with the Empire State Building.
Builders faced a number of hurdles in order to dock the spaceship on the Empire State Building. To keep the ship there, a mooring mast had to be added. The architects then had to find a way to add a "thousand-foot-long ship moored to the top of the building" without stressing the building's frame. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself". Architects know they can't control the weather, and that worries them. Another hurdle for builders is "laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". If the ship is able to reach the building, there may be a problem. The builders were "concerned that the wind would blow the craft onto the spires of other buildings in the area". The hurdles faced by builders quickly became meaningless when "the idea of using mooring masts for the craft and its passengers quietly faded away."
In trying to build a working mooring dock for a spaceship on the Empire State Building, the projects set themselves a daunting task. First, they had to make $60,000 renovations to make the building able to withstand the weight of the moored craft and the increased wind pressure. In addition, existing laws state that the spacecraft cannot be as low as necessary to dock to the city. Finally, the constant changes in wind currents and other weather make a safe docking at the Empire State Building nearly impossible, as the ship could be blown against the pointed roofs of nearby buildings, rather than pinned down by lead as they would normally when landing in a field. Yes, they would be tied up and hung over pedestrians.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were understood very late. First, they have to figure out a way to fix the problem, but they also need government officials to agree that this is a safe way to carry out Al's plan. The roof couldn't be flat, so they had to create something else to let it land. But a ship held by a single cable "would add stress to the building's frame" and would be sent all the way to its foundations, meaning they would have to revise their Empire State Building model. But one of the biggest hurdles the builders had to face was that the craft was highly flammable. Many of them and other buildings in @CAPS1 may be at risk. In addition, the weather can have an impact on how the craft behaves in the air, and if the weather is bad, it can cause major safety issues. There was and always has been a law restricting airships from "flying too low in urban areas". @CAPS2 A lot, the idea was dead from the start, but no one took the time to implement it.
The hurdles of their Empire State Building's @CAPS1 are some big hurdles that cause some problems. For @CAPS2, Dirigible is missing a landing zone. But the reason for @CAPS3 is the lack of security there, because the dream can't come true.
According to an excerpt, the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the spaceship docked there are as follows. The first challenge was to find a "practical arrangement" for engineers so they could work safely. Another problem facing builders is how to moor the "thousand-foot ship" into a 1,046-foot-tall building. The main hurdle they face is that the mooring of the spacecraft "adds stress to the building's frame", which could cause it to fall due to its weight. In order for the builders to overcome the challenge, they had to retrofit and give more strength to the "steel frame of the Empire State Building". @CAPS1, the builders went through a lot of hurdles to get the ship to dock on top of the building, but it was all worth it in the end to get Al Smith to keep his title.
Builders faced legal, safety and even the nature of the mast itself when trying to dock the ship to the Empire State Building. There was a law at the time prohibiting planes from flying low over the city. In paragraph @NUM1, the narrator says: "This law makes it illegal for boats to be on buildings or even near the area". That didn't stop some ships from trying it, but it was too dangerous around other buildings. The next hurdle is about safety. Excerpted from "Most spacecraft outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". An event like the Hindenburg over a city like New York would be devastating. The third obstacle was that the mast was simply not suitable for securing the ship. The narrator notes that "even though the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast". There is no practical way to secure the rear end of the ship. Given all these issues, builders have to admit that the Empire State Building's mooring masts are indeed doomed.
In the excerpt titled "Mooring Masts", Marcia Amidon Lüsted stops there on page 1, @NUM1, @NUM2, @NUM3. Examples are on page 1. "They say the Empire State Building is not just decorative, not just a spire or dome or pyramid placed there to add the required few feet to the height of the building or to cover up something as mundane as a water tank.
Although airships were invented in the early 1930s. Many workers and financial staff had problems trying to dock the craft. A spaceship is an electrified propeller that passengers aboard the spaceship ride on. This is the closed compartment under the balloon. Back to the point of these inventions. As you can see from the passage, an airship is a dangerous device. Outside the US, they use hydrogen, not helium. The reason for using hydrogen is that it is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, the German ship, the Hindenburg, exploded in a fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Airships were very dangerous devices used in the 1930s. Thus, by the late 1930s, the idea of a wing transporter gradually faded away. They later took the spaceship's passenger luggage and turned it into the world's largest soda fountain and tea garden.
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there were safety, nature itself, and the law. Safe because the spacecraft uses hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable and could have an accident like the "German Ship Hindenburg" which was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. "Naturally the second issue, as violent air currents can move the airship and cause damage and injure pedestrians. The law is the last, as there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The statement in the excerpt says: "This law will prohibit boats from being tied to buildings. "It made it pointless to build it in the first place.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts" we learn how the spire at the top of the Empire State Building actually became the airship's landing spot. However, for various reasons, it's never actually possible to have a ship dock there. The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get their ships tied to the mooring masts. First, they can't, because they're mostly made of hydrogen, which is very flammable. This is a particularly big problem because the spacecraft could catch fire near New York City. Next is the question of wind. The wind at the top of the mast was so strong that the rear of the ship would constantly sway. It's possible to use a plumb bob to hold it in place, "but with plumb bobs at the Empire State Building, they'll hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe." The last problem, and probably the most obvious, is There is a law that prohibits airships (like blimps) from flying too low in populated areas. As such, this "would make it illegal to park boats on structures, even near the area". Excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles trying to get their ships docked on the mooring masts, though they should have seen them coming.
Architecture always faces challenges. In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mask, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of challenges when trying to land their spacecraft there. Some of the hurdles faced by builders include the blimp's sheer size, the frame that needs to be modified, the cost and nature itself. Landing an airship will be a daunting task. On the one hand, ships are huge, they are flying devices "a thousand feet" long. Just because of its weight, this would make it very difficult to land. The load of the spacecraft and the stress of wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. "It was a struggle because "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled. "Such a retrofit takes a lot of time, effort and planning. Plus, the modification comes with a cost issue. There must be "modifications worth more than $60,000." "The cost is staggering and will create challenges in how to get the money. Also, nature itself is a hindrance. The wind on top of the building" is constantly changing due to the strong air currents. "Nature presents builders with many challenges that must be addressed. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in their attempts to get the spacecraft to dock there.
Marcia Amidon Lüsted's @CAPS1 @CAPS2 "Mooring Masts" tells the story of the heights of buildings, the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. The building that built the Chrysler Building is secretly hiding something. The secret was that he built a 185-foot spire inside the building and hoisted it to the top of the Chrysler Building, shocking many people and the media. It is now 1,046 feet tall, 46 feet taller than the Empire State Building. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Aylsmith believes that adding a mooring mast to the top of the building could allow the craft to park there for hours for refueling or service, to get passengers on and off. Mooring masts A mooring mast cannot simply be placed on top of a building or on a building. Adding mooring masts to cable tethers may increase the stress on the building frame. They finally built the mooring mast and they raised the American flag again.
The builders of the Empire State Building had several problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. For builders, safety is an issue. Ships built outside the U.S. work with hydrogen. This becomes a safety issue because "hydrogen is highly flammable". At the top of the building, the wind is always changing due to "violent drafts". Changing winds will be a problem as they cause the end of the boat to "spin around the mooring mast". Another issue facing builders is "laws that prohibit blimps from flying over urban areas too low"; making docking blimps illegal. Builders are also concerned that strong winds could "blow the spacecraft onto the spires of other buildings in the area", posing a danger to the city. The builders faced a number of hurdles that kept the ship from docking on top of the Empire State Building.
Obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there included wind, weather and, above all, safety concerns. The excerpt states that "the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". This shows that nature is a big obstacle to the plan to dock the spacecraft at the Empire State Building. The other biggest hurdle is security. The excerpt says: "Most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Another major safety concern is that using lead weights to anchor craft over pedestrian cities is neither practical nor safe .
Having a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building was never a safe idea. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built." @CAPS1 Once the idea was thrown, the hurdles arose. Builders quickly realized that docking the ship at the Empire State Building would stress the building; "over $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame would have to be done." Safety was a major hurdle, as the ship outside @PERSON1 used height Flammable hydrogen. Then the wind obstacle came to play. Usually they'll hold them down, but it's not ideal to be so close to other buildings and hover over thousands of people. "Another practical reason the Empire State Building can't use airships is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas." The idea never worked out because of obstacles.
Some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there were the spires on the law and other buildings. Another problem is making the mooring masts. This is a problem because it adds a lot of stress to the building and safety is an issue. I say the law limits this because you can't drop airships over urban areas because if something goes wrong a lot of pedestrians get killed. Erection of the mooring masts is not an easy task, and it is very difficult to support the airship because of the stress on the building. Last but not least, the airship will catch fire due to the gases used. If this happened in New York, many innocent lives would be lost.
The builders ran into a number of different hurdles trying to get the Blimps to dock there. There are two main obstacles. "The biggest reason is safety: most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly @CAPS1" (@NUM1). If an airship like the Hindenburg had an accident, not only would the Empire State Building collapse, it would also affect other buildings and people because of the city's population. Finally, another big influence on buildings is the weather. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (@NUM2). For this reason, the wind can easily knock it down with an airship: "The rear of the boat will spin around the mooring mast" (@NUM2). As a result, the airship will be so close to the mast that if the wind blows strong enough, the airship will add to the weight you carry with the mast. All in all, hydrogen airships are two big obstacles for builders.
El Smith's plan to add 250 feet to the Empire State Building, with a rest stop for the flying airship, was theoretically possible, but as it launched, workers had to face multiple hurdles that eventually led to attempts Failure. The easiest and only solvable obstacle is the problem of the extra pressure the airship puts on the frame of the building. The entire building had to be strengthened to accommodate the pressure, but workers eventually finished construction. However, the biggest factor holding back the success of a mooring mast is nature itself. The high winds were constantly changing violently, and even when the airship was hanging from the mast, its rear spun around uncontrollably. Unfortunately, because they would land at high altitudes, it was impractical to use a plumb bob to control the rear of the plane. Prevention of natural problems is impossible, and there is no way to solve unsafe problems. Most blimps outside of @LOCATION2 use more flammable gases inside them, and landing a potentially catching blimp over NYC is an extremely dangerous idea. Workers can't address the composition of airships in other countries. Finally, if nothing else, there are strict laws that make it illegal to tie anything to such a low urban area. Obviously, this hurdle cannot be overcome without years of waiting and a lot of legitimate business. Placing the mooring masts on the Empire State Building and hoping to land the ship may seem like a good idea, but there are many obstacles along the way, most of which have no solution. Ultimately, the hope of "equipping [buildings] for the age of transportation" had to be abandoned.
The problem that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock the spaceship was safety. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Also in the @NUM1 paragraph it is said that there will be lead weights hanging above pedestrians on the street. Another problem they face is that current laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas.
The hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their spaceships docked there was the different uses of air. I found the sentence that follows this reason says in paragraph @NUM1, "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." This will cause many problems and face many obstacles. Another reason I found was wind. One reason I found is as stated in paragraph @NUM2, "The stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." This would be a difficult problem to solve. As other obstacles I found, such as size and density, I found these two to be the best reasoning.
The hurdle that the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the craft docked there was that most craft from outside the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad an accident could get if it happened over a densely populated area, such as downtown New York. The biggest obstacle is nature itself, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents. Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat can rotate around the mooring mast. An airship moored in an open landing pad could be held down with a plumb bob in the back, but using these plumb bobs at the Empire State Building, they would hang above pedestrians on the street and would be neither practical nor safe.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered some major hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is that architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. It can add unnecessary stress to the building frame. Another issue is the gas used to fill the spacecraft. Hydrogen is very flammable and could cause dangerous fires over the densely populated area of Dansley in downtown New York. At the top of the building, violent airflow caused another problem. Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mast. The final issue is that current laws prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas such as New York. Because of these obstacles, the ability to dock a ship on top of the Empire State Building is doomed to @CAPS1.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is that airships use hydrogen instead of helium to fly. "Most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. These airships cannot be used because they are a major safety concern for the people being transported. Another obstacle was the rough airflow at the top of the Empire State Building. "Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring, the rear of the boat is spinning around the mooring mast." Airships are usually placed on open grounds, and the rear end can be lowered with a plumb bob; an airship suspended over pedestrians is neither practical nor practical Not safe. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building had to go through many hurdles to get the job done. I pointed out in the @NUM1 paragraph that al smith's announcement that the Empire State Building will be @NUM2 feet will be a big hurdle for builders who have to risk their lives to build the building. Another hurdle for workers is working next to the ship, as it is stated in the excerpt that the ship is extremely flammable, so workers could be seriously injured if exposed to fire.
In @CAPS1 @CAPS2 "The Mooring MASt" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the ship to dock there. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Another hurdle is getting passengers on and off the boat. In conclusion, I've shown the hurdles builders face on @ORGANIZATION1.
Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Masts describe the problems faced by the builders of the Empire State Building, such as airships that add stress to the building's frame. Safety concerns and laws, and wind around the mast. Any spaceship would add so much pressure to the already constructed building frame that builders had to complete "over $60,000 worth of renovations." The changes were made quickly, but safety concerns such as potential fires or "flying too low over urban areas" (which are effectively illegal) remain prevalent. The "biggest obstacle" to building the mast was the high winds around the Empire State Building. These winds are "constantly changing" and it's nearly impossible to stay in one place without spinning around the building. In a densely populated city like New York, it's not even an option to hold down an airship for a landing. This list of obstacles clearly shows that the mooring masts were not properly considered before construction began. Builders should focus more on what they do than trying to exceed everyone's expectations and do some "higher mission".
Builders have to face many obstacles to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. The first is the pressure that would be exerted on the entire building if the airship were attached to the mast at the top. "The stress from the ship's loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1,100 feet below." (@NUM1) This problem is easily solved by strengthening the building's frame. Another major issue was the 1,250-foot wind, which was blowing pretty hard. "Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the back of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." (@NUM2) The wind combined with the fact that the ship is full of hydrogen makes for a bad combination. Hydrogen is a very flammable gas, and if a spaceship crashes into a building and sparks, the entire hull of the ship will ignite.
The obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their airships docked there was the height of the building. For example in paragraph @NUM1 it says "The steel frame of the building must be remodeled, a remodel worth more than six thousand dollars" which proves that the height of the empire is its height, since the city has to pay for the remodel. Also, because the building is so tall, the mast is not that stable, so this is the main obstacle as stated in @NUM2 paragraph "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent airflow" This suggests that the mast is not stable enough in those currents and is not stable enough for New York Downtown can be very dangerous. In the end, even state laws have been a hindrance to ships, for example in paragraph @NUM3 it states that "the law would prohibit boats from being tied to buildings" which proves that this is also an obstacle for builders
The hurdles that builders have to face are very big ones. One of them is the mooring mast, which is self. The building was not strong enough to accommodate an airship of the original design. Therefore, the building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the situation. They will add a rocket-shaped tower made of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. The tower will be illuminated from within. This will increase the building from @NUM1 floors to 102 floors. I got all this information from @NUM2 paragraph.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the craft docked there, including @CAPS1 the plane height laws, the fact that some craft use hydrogen fuel instead of helium, and finally strong wind currents at such a high altitude Also a problem. The limitation of aircraft height is that the aircraft cannot fly to low altitudes over the city without causing a safety hazard. "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". (mooring mast). Another hurdle has to do with the fact that some spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen fuel instead of helium, which can cause problems because hydrogen is highly flammable. "From countries other than the U.S. using hydrogen instead of helium". (mooring mast). Finally, strong winds are also a hindrance, which can be a problem when trying to dock at the Empire State Building, which can blow the airship in all directions. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". (mooring mast). All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles in order to dock the spaceship. One is weight. Architects can't just place mooring masts or they'll rush towards the building. So they had to add over sixty thousand dollars to the frame. Another issue is security. Other countries use hydrogen as their spaceship gas. Hydrogen is highly flammable, so a fire over New York is dangerous. Another problem was the bad weather on top of the building. Due to inclement weather, the ship would sway in the back, so getting passengers on and off was extremely dangerous for them. New York also has a law that prohibits low-altitude aircraft, so airships cannot dock in the first place.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to get their spaceships docked there. Challenges range from nature itself to the laws that oppose it. They don't take into account the changing air at the top of the building. At the height of the mooring mast, the violent airflow can cause the spacecraft to rotate around the mooring mast. This is also because the airship can only be tethered to the front. Not only did these important factors play a role, but the law also prevented the docking of ships in the Empire State. They don't take current laws into account. It states that it is illegal to fly planes at low altitudes or over urban areas. There are many factors at play in building such a project. Overall, the idea is too far-fetched.
There are a few obstacles to making this idea work. One hurdle is making the mast and building frame strong enough to support the airship as it sways in the wind. There is more than @MONEY1 spent on building modifications. In addition, they had to add several floors to the building for a total of 102 floors.
According to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of different obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A major reason is the safety of the spacecraft. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is lighter than air. Hydrogen is a very flammable gas that catches fire easily, like the Hindenburg. If an accident like the Hindenburg had happened in downtown New York, it wouldn't have turned out well. Airships are also moored in open fields and need to be anchored with large lead blocks. Hanging these weights above people is neither practical nor safe, and the small stakes on top of buildings are not open fields. The final hurdle is the $60,000 needed to make a frame suitable for mooring the airship. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." No doubt, just to moor a ship on top of the world's tallest building, the builder There are many different obstacles that will have to be faced.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced some hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked there. First, the Empire State Building was doomed to never achieve its purpose because the builders didn't notice all of its problems. One attempt was the Goodyear Columbia airship, which attempted a publicity stunt, as described in the @NUM1 paragraph, that would bundle and deliver a bundle of newspapers to the Empire State Building. As stated in paragraph @NUM2, the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. Builders have a lot of work to do to really try to solve the problem, but a lot of work to do. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building @CAPS1 tried to get the spaceship parked there to work, there wasn't enough room and they shouldn't have planes near the city.
Despite the expensive $60,000 investment needed to make the project a reality, the Empire State Building's builders faced more hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The biggest hurdle they faced was the safety of their people; an airship dangling nearly NUM1 feet above the ground could explode, and the pedestrians below didn't seem like the smartest idea. Another problem they faced was that the airship (held by only one cable) would stress the building frame. As the wind blows the ship around the load and pressure, its pressure must go all the way down to about @NUM1 feet below the bottom of the building. For this to work, builders had to strengthen the building's steel frame. Perhaps the most difficult obstacle they faced was nature itself, with strong winds above the building causing the ship to sway after docking, and of course the risk of being blown to another building. If they wanted the idea to work in the first place, they should have checked the law first; planes are not allowed to fly this low over urban areas. The builder of this landing pier and the Empire State Building faced too many hurdles.
According to the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get the airship docked there were mainly due to the danger of high winds at such an altitude that could cause the plane to crash into the building or fall to the ground. For example, two airships tried to dock, one of which was unable to get close to the building due to the wind. Another person was able to deliver a bundle of newspapers hung on a rope. In conclusion, the main problem is the instability of the parked aircraft.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to park the spaceship there. One of the hurdles they face is safety, because the spacecraft is filled with hydrogen. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (¶ @NUM1). If the ship catches fire in New York, a lot of people will die. Another obstacle is nature itself. There was a lot of wind on the roof. "Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast" (¶ @NUM2). This will be very dangerous. The third obstacle is the law that cannot be bypassed. “Existing law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas” (¶ @NUM3). While this was broken twice, it was still illegal to dock a ship at such a low altitude. As a reason for all these obstacles, the idea of docking a spaceship at the Empire State Building was abandoned.
The builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the spaceship docked there because they had to plan how to use it to get it there. What materials are needed for this project and how does it work. before actually putting them together.
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of problems involving the spaceship. One problem is that there is no easy way to make such a proper docking station at such a high height and at the same time make it look good. The other biggest reason/problem with masts for mooring airships is simply a safety issue. but a big one. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which is extremely flammable. So if something goes wrong while docking, the ship could catch fire and explode and crash in a populated area. There were a lot of safety and structural issues that were eventually resolved (like the need to hang large lead blocks from the street to hold down the back of the ship)
There were a number of challenges that had to be faced when trying to get the ship to dock at the Empire State Building @CAPS1. A lot of obsticals are straight forward and not recognized by @CAPS1, for example on page 3 @CAPS2 @NUM1 and @NUM2 it says it's "unsafe because the ship is full of hydrogen" which is highly flammable. There is @CAPS3 in @CAPS4 because they are flammable, the German Dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire. There are also violent draughts and laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles and tried to get the spaceship docked there. The first problem faced was that "most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." This is a problem because if a spacecraft catches fire or explodes over a densely populated city like New York, many People will be at risk of injury or death. The second problem builders have to face is "the constantly changing winds on top of the building due to strong air currents." These winds can cause the airship to spin, making it impossible to board even when tied to the mooring mast. This is dangerous for anyone on the airship. The third issue is "...there is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". Since New York City is of course an urban area, this law makes it impossible for airships to moor even close to the Empire State Building. Overall, builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building. For these reasons, the Empire State Building was never an efficient place to dock a spaceship.
Trying to build the Empire State Building in a way that would allow the spaceship to dock on top of the building presented many challenges for the builders. With airships so close to the city, there are huge security concerns. In paragraph @NUM1, fear of the wind could blow airships into other buildings, destroy them, and scare people. The second problem is that the airship is full of highly flammable gases, and if the airship explodes over the city, it will do a lot of damage to the airship and New York City. The last major issue was in paragraph 9. The problem will be the pressure on the airship strapped to the top of the building. The entire building had to be rebuilt to help the Empire State Building not withstand this stress; in fact, basically every part of the building and the airship had to be remodeled to keep New York City and the spaceship passengers safe.
One of the obstacles facing builders is nature itself. @CAPS1 states that "winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." Another hurdle for builders is that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas". @CAPS1 states that "this law will prohibit tying boats to structures."
As Marcia Amidon Lüsted writes in "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. Al Smith, the architect of the Empire State Building, didn't want his masterpiece to be just for show, so he gave it a purpose; a dock for a spaceship. By adding a comma "a thousand-foot ship anchored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether", the building's frame would be under a lot of stress; ultimately making the structure unsafe. To change frame and wind pressure need to accumulate more than @MONEY1. In the event of an accident, such as in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the densely populated city would be in grave danger. While these obstacles can be overcome, the obstacles of nature itself, cannot.
Because the idea of this being a spaceship dock was far-fetched the first problem they had was putting a thousand foot ship on the Empire State Building would put a lot of stress on the building frame, @CAPS1 they're going to have to change the whole building structure to strengthen its frame. The biggest problem is security. The spacecraft uses hydrogen, which is extremely flammable, and the authors also say that "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents," making the idea of a docking spacecraft very dangerous. They should have been discovered before they put so much money into building this pier.
Builders faced multiple hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building. One hurdle is that if the spacecraft were to land there, it would add too much stress to the frame of the building. The building will have to cost over $60,000 to remodel. Another hurdle is the gas inside the spacecraft. Some use hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. Because of the large population of New York, it would not be safe if something went wrong. Also, the wind on top of the building is very strong. The rear of the airship will "spin around the mooring mast". The final hurdle is that "it is illegal for boats to be parked or near buildings". Attempts to dock the spaceship at the Empire State Building failed. There are too many obstacles.
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire @CAPS2 building faced a number of hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. To @CAPS3, the authors say "The stress and wind pressure of the spacecraft loads must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. This suggests that they must be designed not only to withstand the loads of the building, but also the loads of the building. Furthermore, the authors note," A thousand-foot-long craft is tethered to the top by a cable. Engineers had to figure out a way to safely dock the spacecraft without anyone getting hurt. Of all the engineers who designed the Empire State Building, there were many obstacles that had to be overcome to get the ship to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, "a thousand-foot spaceship is moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether that adds stress to the building's frame." Builders cannot simply "put a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" ". Builders now have to figure out a way to add this mooring mast to the ship without putting too much pressure on the building. In addition, "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." They now had to make "over $60,000" worth of renovations to the building. In summary, "The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that can be illuminated from within, with a setback design that mimics the overall shape of the building itself." @CAPS1 The architects have done a lot to not only make the airship's mooring The mast was successful, and it was beautiful. An excerpt from "Mooring Mast", @ORGANIZATION2 shows the many hurdles architects faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. Builders "The main obstacle was the wind current the ship had to face as it tried to dock at nearly 1,100 feet in the air. The strong winds on top of the building were constantly changing due to the current. The US Navy ship Los Angeles couldn't even get close enough to be strapped to the mast." The captain even Unable to get hands off the control stick” (Lüsted @NUM1), fearing that the hull would be pierced by the mast. Also, if the airship is tethered to the mast, it will move around the mast based on unpredictable airflow. However, safety is also A major factor."Most airships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable" (Lüsted @NUM2). So trying to tie an airship to the mast of the Empire State Building is very unsafe, Because the hurdles faced by builders are simply too many to overcome.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the airship (also known as the blimp) to dock there. The initial problem was the inability of the airship to land on a flat surface. So the builders made a "mooring mast" so the airship could be attached to the building via an electric winch. But this also caused problems. They can't just put the mooring mast on top of the building or it will be unstable. But most importantly, because the wind is constantly changing, it never stands still. The problem of foreign airships using hydrogen instead of helium makes it a danger to the public. Conclusion The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to dock the airship.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One of the many obstacles that an airship has to face is the lack of a suitable landing zone, which I found in paragraph 6. Another hurdle is in paragraph @NUM1, which says that "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." Nature itself will be another hurdle for ships because "due to the strong airflow , the wind on top of the building is constantly changing." @CAPS1 But not least, existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. This means it is illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even near the area. All in all, these are just some of the many obstacles the ship has to face.
The builders of the Empire State Building bit more than they could chew while building the mooring masts there. The first of several issues is that the presence of a thousand-foot ship would put a huge strain on the frame of the building, and @MONEY1's modification had to be added. Security is another pressing concern. The crash of the Hindenburg in 1937 made the building's owner realize how bad it would be if a zeppelin crashed in densely populated New York. Not only is there an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Natural factors make the mooring mast creative totally @CAPS1. The wind on top of the building was always changing due to the violent air currents, and even the captain of the US Navy ship Los Angeles was unable to land the spacecraft. At this point, the idea of a mooring mast clearly doesn't work. When the future of aviation, the airplane, arrived, the spaceship was abandoned.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. The first hurdle was modifying the building's frame to accommodate the pressure exerted on the building by the mooring masts. The ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation 1,100 feet below the ground. More than $60,000 worth of renovations had to be done when changing the frame of the building. It's expensive. Another hurdle for builders is hydrogen, the gas used inside the spacecraft. Most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and if the spacecraft caught fire over a densely populated area like downtown New York, the consequences of an accident would be catastrophic. Nature itself is another obstacle. The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. The spaceship will rotate around the mast. While plumb bobs are used for open-air landing pads, this is impractical above pedestrians on the street. On top of that, current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. This makes it illegal for airships to even approach the mast. These obstacles kept the spacecraft from docking on the Empire State Building's mooring masts.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The hydrogen in the spacecraft is highly flammable and winds vary widely, making it illegal to dock in such an area under current law. Most ships of that period. Floated by hydrogen instead of helium. The builders found that hydrogen was very flammable and too risky to land a craft that could catch fire over an entire city. The excerpt also explains that nature is a huge problem. Air currents as high as the top of a building are vicious and move quickly, making it very dangerous to hang an airship from a height. Finally, there are illegal barriers! Laws that prohibit airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. In the face of all these obstacles too hard for builders, this unreal dream remains a dream.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the spaceship to dock on it. One problem is designing buildings to withstand the pressure from a thousand-foot-long craft swaying in the wind. Builders need to find a way to distribute wind pressure all the way to the foundation. Another problem is the strong winds around the building. When the Navy tried to dock a craft on it, it was constantly tossed by strong winds, an issue that has never been resolved. The third problem was finding a way to actually dock the ship, which was quickly solved with a winch. The last problem is that blimps are too dangerous to dock safely, and the laws that prohibit blimps from flying close to buildings for that reason.
During this period, airships were seen as the transportation of the future, and everyone thought it was reasonable. However, there are some issues that no one sees through. For example, spaceships are thought to be the next big thing in transportation, but there's no evidence to support that. They spent all their time, energy and resources building something that never worked out. There were other issues that were overlooked too, like the wind speed at that altitude, and even getting close enough to the mast, it required someone to be on top to tie it up, which was too hard for one person to do. As the excerpt shows, Al Smith and his architects jumped into this question too quickly with little information.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Masts, two architects play "battleships" with each of their ships, competing for the highest altitude. When building these "giant steel-framed balloons," however, the architects were unaware of the hurdles they had to face along the way. The biggest reason is safety precautions. Since most ships are made of hydrogen, they are very flammable. It could be worse than the German Hindenburg, which was destroyed by fire in New Jersey in 1937, they said. However, the biggest obstacle to using a mast is nature. The wind made the masts clang over humans, which was neither practical nor safe.
The architects and builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems in order to dock the spaceship. One of the more obvious problems is the makeup of the spacecraft itself. At the time, they consisted of hydrogen, which, while allowing a lower density, was highly flammable. This concept was confirmed and revealed in the famous 1937 crash of the spacecraft "Hindenburg". If the spaceship caught fire while docked at the Empire State Building, it would surely hit the civilians below. Another topic of contention among the Empire State Building architects was the high winds with an estimated mooring mast height of 1,250 feet. Such winds can easily cause the airship to lack stability, which in turn puts additional stress on the building itself. Another problem caused by the wind is that the spacecraft could hit other buildings, causing the hydrogen-containing fabric to be punctured and the spacecraft to crash. In the end, it was a project that was deemed too risky to continue.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first major problem was that they weren't sure if the structure of the building could withstand a shaking ship. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. The builders also knew that since the craft would be hooked to the mast by a single cable, the airflow would cause the rear of the boat to rotate around the mooring mast. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM2. Law enforcement was also conducted against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for boats to be tied up on structures. These are some of the hurdles facing builders
The Empire State Building was designed to be the tallest building in the world. Al Smith's plan is for it to be taller than the new Chrysler Building, but when a @NUM1 foot spire is added to the top, the Empire State Building will be in second place. To overcome the first hurdle in building the tower, Smith decided to change the idea of the tower and add his own spire: a mooring mast for the airship. Using the tower as an anchor for a flyable balloon or zeppelin, Smith added 250 feet to the tower. But to go ahead with the plan, Smith had to face obstacles supporting an airship that floated @NUM2 feet above the ground. Smith modified and reinforced the entire building frame before the building was completed. Smith's final hurdle is out of his control: the weather. There was too much wind at the top of the building, so the spaceship idea was scrapped, but El Smith's tower has become the tallest building in the world.
Throughout the construction process, contractors for the Empire State Building encountered several hurdles as they sought to dock the spacecraft on it. First and foremost, safety is an important factor in this mission. "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, the situation would be Could be worse. York." @CAPS1 The balloon and the spaceship may have the same appearance, the two have completely different structures. Helium lifts the balloon, and the spacecraft uses hydrogen to fly, which is highly flammable. Second, there is already a law against air trafficking in force. "...Unable to get close enough to tether due to strong winds. Fear that the wind would blow the ship against the spires of other buildings in the area, which would pierce the outer shell." If the ship was pierced, it could collapse onto the streets of New York and wreak havoc on a massive scale. Thus ending some of the many obstacles to landing an airship at the Empire State Building.
The Emir National Building faced many obstacles and challenges during its construction. Builders built a rocket-shaped mast so the spacecraft could fit in the shaft. There is also an elevator there so people can go down to the lobby. The building will now have 102 floors. The glass observation room will be on the 101st floor.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle they face has to do with safety. Many spacecraft from outside the United States are filled with hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable, and if it caught fire in New York City, the results could be dire. Another hurdle for builders has to do with nature. Because of the height of the Empire State Building, wind becomes a major factor. The wind currents are constantly changing and it would not be safe to attach an airship. The stress of wind pressure and the load of the spacecraft must be transferred to the foundation of the building. This meant that the frame of the building had to be strengthened. Another obstacle has to do with the law. There is a law that says airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to tie a boat to the Empire State Building. The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
A mooring mast seems like a good idea. Airship landing docks will span the future. However, it turns out that architect Al Smith bit more than he could chew. First, the fate of the Hindenburg has owners worried. "The owners of the Empire State Building realized that the (Hindenburg) accident could have been worse if it had happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York." The second problem is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "The law would make it illegal for ships to be moored to buildings or even approach the area", the last and most problematic part of the mooring mast is actually revealed as nature itself. The wind at the top of the building proved too strong and unpredictable. Even if the ship is moored, "the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast". Overall, it seemed like a good idea, but it failed.
The Empire State Building's builders had hoped to turn the building into a dock for spaceships, but faced some hurdles. From paragraph @NUM1, the desire for the Empire State Building mast makes the plan look good and will soon become a reality. As the project progressed, many details were reviewed, and when the spacecraft was ready for action, the plan was not advisable. In the @NUM2 paragraph it was pointed out that safety is a big concern for craft built outside of the US as they contain the flammable gas hydrogen. This is a problem because of the fear of accidents in densely populated areas. Another obstacle a ship faces when trying to dock at the Empire State Building is nature itself, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM3. The wind at the top of the building has constantly changing violent currents. Air problems will cause the airship to constantly spin around the building at its rear end. This makes getting on and off passengers and cargo unsafe. The biggest hurdle for an airship trying to dock on the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit flying too low over urban areas, see @NUM4 paragraph. Docking through a spacecraft would be a direct violation of the law.
Multiple obstacles made the idea of docking a spacecraft reckless from the start. "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire..." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) The idea of such a mutable object in population became a threat, not a luxury. The lead weights needed to support the aircraft could not be provided and would also prove dangerous. Given the nature of the Empire State Building, modifications became cumbersome and added unnecessary difficulty. Winds at that altitude can also cause docking problems and instability. In the end, the plane surpassed the airship in that it could fly faster and accommodate the same number of people, if not more, in a small area. Blimps became dangerous and clunky and wouldn't benefit New York the way Al Smith had hoped.
According to an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building's builders faced obstacles when trying to keep blimps docked to nature and laws that prohibit blimps from flying too low in urban areas. The biggest hurdle for builders is nature. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." The rear of the ship also forces the ship to spin in strong winds. Then use plumb bobs in the Empire State Building and they'll hang high above people on the street below, which is not safe. The next hurdle is the existence of laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. This makes it illegal for airships to fly to buildings.
The Empire State Building has great construction potential, but it will never be fully functional. The Empire State Building was supposed to be @NUM1 feet, just a few inches taller than the Chrysler Building, but the architect who designed the @CAPS1 building sneaked up and stuck a 46-foot pole at the top. Of course, the Empire State Building had to be taller, so they set a new goal and reached 1,250 feet on December 11, 1929. Al Smith, the New York architect and architect of @CAPS2, decided the Empire State Building needed a cherry on top, so he decided to put an airship's mooring mast on it. This plan is doomed to disaster: the airships are not stable enough in their foundations, they could easily blow up and fall to the tips of buildings, and because of the hydrogen in the airships, they could explode and fall into the densely populated @LOCATION1. All in all, the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building was built for disaster
Builders have to face many obstacles when trying to dock the ship. One hurdle they had to overcome was paying more than $60,000 for modifications to the building's frame. In paragraph @NUM1, it states that a thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress and wind pressure of the spacecraft load must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building nearly a hundred feet below. Due to this problem, the frame of the entire building had to be changed to suit the new situation. More hurdles poured in after the new revisions. When the building is framed to the 85th floor, the roof must be completed before the framing of the mooring masts. The mast must also have a steel skeleton, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM2,
Apparently there was a problem trying to dock the ship on the Empire State Building. The first is that laws prohibiting flying airships low over the Empire State Building make it difficult to do so. The second is the idea of insecurity, because some spacecraft use hydrogen gas instead of helium and hydrogen is flammable. If the accident happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York, the accident could have been worse. The last reason was that they thought they would use lead weights to hold down the airship, but they realized it was neither practical nor safe. Obviously, there is a problem with the docking of the spacecraft at the Empire State Building; but for New York residents/citizens and all those who have worked there (such as architects, engineers, and aviation pioneers), it may be a safer option.
Builders had many obstacles to docking ships at the Empire State Building. On the one hand, the mooring mast will increase the pressure on the building frame, and the weight and wind pressure of the airship will be transferred to the building foundation. "Winds are shifting due to strong air currents". "Even when the ship is tethered to the mast, the back of the ship will spin." And the law that airships cannot fly low in urban areas.
According to an excerpt from The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to attach an airship mooring device to the top of the building. In the @NUM1 paragraph, @CAPS1 said "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." Then described how strong winds can destabilize masts. Another obstacle to making masts was a law that said boats could not fly below a certain height, set higher than the height of the building. The last hurdle is safety, in the @NUM2 paragraph @CAPS1 talked about how some airships are filled with hydrogen, which is highly flammable. The impact of an airship fire in a populated area would be devastating. The mooring mast on the Empire State Building is an ingenious idea, but there are many obstacles that have to be passed to make it work.
According to the excerpt, one of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the spaceship docked there was safety. Most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that the accident could have gotten worse if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York. The biggest obstacle to using a mooring mast is nature itself. The craft is tethered to a mooring mast around which the rear of the ship will rotate. Airships moored in open landing pads can be held down behind with lead weights. Another practical reason why blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. There are two main ones: safe and natural. Builders should realize this idea is unsafe before building. Most spacecraft from other countries use hydrogen instead of the highly flammable helium. Accidents in densely populated New York would be bad. The biggest obstacle is nature. There are strong air currents that cause changing winds at the top of the building. This will cause the rear of the boat to rotate around the mooring mast. There is also an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. This means that it is illegal to tie a ship to a building anyway.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. Their goal is to create a mooring on top of the building for the airship or blimp to dock. In the end they were unsuccessful. One obstacle is "lack of suitable landing zones". Without this, the dock will not work. Another major hurdle is security reasons. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. They can easily catch fire and hurt many innocent people. This leads to two other reasons. "Nature itself." It's easy to catch fire with the wind. "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Airships can harm innocent people." Many other obstacles were found, so the plan failed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, someone tried a publicity stunt where they would bundle and deliver a bundle of newspapers to the Empire State Building. A worker's wake-up device was never installed because the worker had to catch a bundle of paper with a rope dangling from the airship, which was very dangerous. In addition, the wind on top of the building puts workers at great risk of falling or dying
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of problems trying to get their ships docked there. The main question with @NUM1 is why it's so hard to dock them at the Empire State Building. These obstacles are something in the airship, the "nature" of the wind around New York, and the new laws passed to limit airships. A spaceship is different from a balloon, which is made of helium, and a spaceship is made of hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flammable. Since New York is so densely packed, this situation can have dire consequences if anything catches fire. Another problem they faced was strong winds in New York. They were constantly shifting gears so they wanted to tie up the airship with lead, but that wasn't a good idea because it would hurt a lot of people if the lead fell. Finally, they recently passed a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over cities. If the law were very strict, the airship would not be allowed to dock there because it might be too close to the city. In conclusion, the architects did not consider many obstacles before building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the diigibles to dock there. Builders strive to be the tallest building in the world. It makes them anxious, really @CAPS1. Architects had to find a way to build this mast. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's framing had to be done". They had to repair the frame of the building so the wind would affect the rest of the building. "The pressure of the ship's load and wind pressure has to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building." Builders and prototypes had to grapple with reality. It's not safe, the craft is highly flammable. If one gets knocked out in town, it would be a terrible accident. There are also many legal @CAPS2 airships flying low in urban areas. Builders have to face many problems when trying to build the tallest buildings.
The main obstical is the tallest building in the world. It all turned into being able to have a mooring mast so the airship could land on it to drop/pick up passengers and refuel. They carried out a "@NUM1 thousand dollar" renovation to strengthen the tower's structure. They can't make the foundation strong enough to support the weight of the @NUM2ft ship + cargo.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. "The stress from the airship load into the wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is below nearly 1100 feet", is understood in paragraph 9. This is the biggest hurdle that builders have to face. The builders came up with a plan: "Rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architect designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower, illuminated from within, with a stepped design that mimics the overall shape of the building itself. While the mast Done thanks to @CAPS1 Nature, but without the new law of any ships docked at the Empire State Building.
Due to the idea of building a mooring mast, the builders encountered some obstacles in building the mast. The first problem was structural, the weight of the ship with a rope tied to it would put a lot of stress on the building. Between the ship's load and wind pressure, the stress is said to be distributed all the way to the foundation of the building. Another hurdle is security. Many spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen instead of the highly flammable helium. The owners were aware of the "Hindenburg" incident and the impact it could have on downtown New York. The last obstacle is nature, as the wind changes at the top of the building. The problem discussed here is that although the airship is tethered, it can rotate around the mast. The many obstacles faced prevented the mooring masts from performing their full purpose, and the airships were less used.
The hurdles that builders face when trying to dock the ship are the strength of the building's frame, the nature, and certain laws that oppose it. A big problem with building landings for ships on the Empire State Building is the strength of the base. "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." (@NUM1 paragraph). Another hurdle that the builders of the landing will have to overcome are the natural elements. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building is always changing because of the violent air currents. Ships tied to the mooring mast have the potential to wrap around the mooring mast in unpredictable winds. The workers couldn't believe the airship wouldn't fall off the mooring masts and risked the airship falling from where thousands of pedestrians walked. The final hurdle the workers must overcome is the current law, which prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. "This law will prohibit boats from tying up on structures..." (paragraph @NUM2). Since the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building was never constructed, all of these obstacles proved too intractable for workers to handle.
The Empire State Building is one of America's greatest symbols. With the World Trade Center destroyed, it was the tallest building in the city. Many people are familiar with the famous spire at its summit, but few really know why it's there. The truth is that it was originally a mooring dock for airships or zeppelins, balloons lined with steel and equipped with propellers for steering. The sad truth is that it never happened. According to the article "Mooring Masts", the environmental and safety conditions were too poor to accommodate. Obviously the wind flow at such a high altitude is terrifying and the building frame would be under a lot of stress if the airship were tethered to the top. This is time consuming and expensive. Furthermore, there is no practical way to reduce the weight of the balloon without the risk of falling onto civilians. Not only that, it is also illegal to fly at low altitudes over urban areas. In short, the whole idea is wishful thinking because it can't happen.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, in the @NUM1 paragraph, it talks about the Hindenburg fire over New Jersey + how dangerous it is in populated areas like New York.
In any type of construction, builders face some kind of hurdle, and the same goes for the Empire State Building builder. One hurdle that builders faced when trying to dock spaceships at the Empire State Building was their high flammability. A German ship was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, and the accident would have been worse if this had happened in more densely populated New York. Another obstacle they faced, their greatest obstacle, was the forces of nature. The airflow is very strong, so the wind direction is constantly changing, which will cause the airship to rotate around the mooring mast, even if it is tethered to the mast. The final hurdle they face is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas like New York. Seeing the hurdles they faced, the builders realized that being able to moor a spaceship on the mast atop the Empire State Building didn't mean it was going to be done.
In Marcia's "Mooring Masts," builders trying to make it possible to tether an airship or "airship" to the Empire State Building's mooring mast are faced with some problems they haven't considered. These are variants of airships they have no plans for, safety concerns, and the laws they have to break in order to own airship-able land. The guy who built the mast didn't think deeply about these things when he made the mast. Once the mast is raised, the problems faced by the builder arise. Differences in airships between starting states are a factor, as the airships in @LOCATION2 use helium to keep the airships flying, but outside of states they use flammable hydrogen. This is a major problem in a densely populated place like New York. Another safety issue beyond their control is that naturally, strong winds at the top of the building can move the rear of the airship, and on landing the windows could push the airship into the mast, piercing the dome. Both of these safety reasons are what makes the airship land on the ground. However, even without these two reasons, there is a legal problem, a law that says airships can't fly too low in urban areas. This would make it illegal to park on buildings. Without taking all of this into consideration, the builders erected the mast, but unfortunately, they later had to deal with differences in airships, safety issues, and legal issues that they didn't take into account.
The Empire State Building was built to compete with the Chrysler Building, and to compete, they created a mooring mast. Obstacles restricting airships are: nature, the wind direction on the roof changes drastically, and some airships contain a lot of hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. Another reason is because it is illegal for planes to fly at low altitudes in urban areas. The above examples are complex situations that restrict the docking of the spacecraft to the Empire State Building.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's "Mooring Masts," the challenges of building a mooring mast on top of a 1,250-foot building are discussed. In @DATE1's Al Smith, the then-Governor had an idea to equip the Empire State Building with its own Dirigibles landing pier. Throughout the process, the builders encountered a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the Empire State Building. The first hurdle was installing the mast on top of the building. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). If the builder did this, it would put too much stress on the building. Problem solved after spending more than @MONEY1 on stealing frame to support mast. However, most builder problems cannot be solved. Safety is a major concern, and most airships are built with hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. If a fire breaks out in a densely populated area, it will be a big problem. The airship is also too high to be tethered. Also, if the spacecraft did land there, it would be a violation of existing laws. So the builders were faced with so many obstacles that they could not build the mast.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Masts", the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles as they tried to get the spaceship down. A major hurdle is safety, mainly because when foreign spacecraft fly in, they are likely to contain hydrogen gas (which is highly flammable). After the Hindenburg crash, they would be more vigilant if something similar happened in a populated area. An unstoppable obstacle for builders is nature. It's hard enough to be caught in the bad wind while freeing passengers. According to the article, plumb bobs were used to land the craft on open ground in bad weather, but the builders didn't use them, so it had no chance of falling and hitting people. After all this trouble, builders still have the most practical problems. "Law that prohibits airships from flying over urban areas too low." On this issue, it is illegal to tie an airship to the Empire State Building so close to the ground. All in all, although the mooring mast was never completed as planned, the builders were looking for obstacles just to think.
New York Governor Al Smith's competitive spirit drove him and his architects to build a spaceship dock atop the Empire State Building. Instead of seeing the daunting task ahead, they saw an opportunity to become the epitome of modern travel. When the decision was made to build a mooring atop the Empire State Building, the architects knew they would face multiple hurdles. The first hurdle they faced was how to adjust the building's frame to support the docking site. The architects knew the building "had to be remodeled and strengthened to suit this new situation" (par.@NUM1). They were able to overcome this hurdle, but there are more hurdles ahead. Wind and weather also need to be taken into account. "The wind on top of the building keeps changing" (par.@NUM2). The builders reluctantly acknowledged the inevitable obstacles created by nature. The builders seem to realize how unrealistic this dream is. There are also two obstacles ahead that will rest the mooring dock forever. Building a floating spaceship over the densely populated city of Dansley is a very dangerous idea. It is noted that hydrogen is highly flammable (par.@NUM3) and fires will be harmful to buildings and cities. The last obstacle they faced was the law, which they could not overcome. They realized that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" (par @NUM4). The plan was impossible to achieve because there were too many obstacles to face. Builders gave up hope, but the mooring atop the Empire State Building is still looming, a reminder of what could be.
The early days of @DATE1 were when everyone was looking for and building the next best thing. In @CAPS1, two tycoons compete to build the world's tallest building. Al Smith, the man who built the Empire State Building, had an idea to make his building taller and more popular. Build a mooring mast for the ship on top of his building. While a good idea, his architects would face more hurdles than they bargained for. First, it would be very impractical to put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building without changing the entire design. "The Empire State Building's framework had to be revised and enhanced to accommodate this new situation", (@CAPS2 @NUM1). In addition, the spaceship can put a lot of pressure on the foundation of the building. "The stress of the ship's loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building..." (@CAPS2 @NUM1). Naturally, it was also a huge obstacle these architects faced in building it. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of a mooring mast is nature itself", (@CAPS2 @NUM3) As you can see, these architects faced many challenges in building this mast, which sadly didn't pay off in the end.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles trying to get the airship docked there, and government personnel in Washington are considering some safe ways to anchor the airship to the mast. He never wanted to get to the top because he didn't want an accident, not something. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The weight of the building, which would overhang the pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe. This is also a law.
In order to dock these ships, builders will face a number of serious problems. The issues these builders will be forced to deal with are time, city and frame. First, the building frame was too weak to be strapped to the ship. This is because it "puts stress on the frame" and thus "passes all the way to the foundation of the building". As a result, they will be forced to spend "over $60,000" to strengthen the framework. The second problem they faced was that it was in a city. The law prohibits "flying too low over urban areas", let alone "tied to buildings." Due to this fact, they will be forced to devise a way of docking. Finally, "violent airflow" can cause more problems. Builders will have to deal with building a mooring that can withstand the wrath of "nature itself". All in all, this plan will cause a lot of problems for builders, in order to function
From the beginning, the construction needs of the Empire State Building presented some obstacles for its builders, especially when it came to building the airship's mooring masts. Originally, the Empire State Building was for interior use only, so the mast would add stress to the building's frame and possibly damage it. Second, the Empire State Building was built in a very densely populated area, so any failure, like the 1937 Hindenburg, could cost many lives. Another problem facing mooring masts is nature itself. The winds on top of the buildings are constantly changing, and they are also very strong, so any airships mounted on the buildings are threatened by spinning and flying away when they land. The masters of the architectural age made a real mistake in planning the construction of the Empire State Building, which would never achieve its potential for many obvious reasons.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to build their spaceships. The first hurdle was building the mooring mast. In @CAPS1 4, it says: "The dream of aviation pioneers is to travel in airships or zeppelins, and there will be a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to moor these new airships." The Empire State Building's frame is not strong enough to support the moorings mast, so the builder had to retrofit it. In @CAPS1 9, they said, "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." One obstacle to discontinuing the use of mooring masts is wind. In @CAPS1 15 they were unable to dock, "US Navy ship Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but couldn't get close to mooring due to strong winds. Another obstacle they faced was safety. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 they describe that," from the US Most of the craft other than that use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. There are some problems that builders can and cannot solve.
Builders face some issues, such as weather conditions. The wind is strong due to the change of wind flow. Another is the law of how close an airplane is to a building. Another problem was that the building had to be strong enough to hold the airship in place. Builders have to strengthen the building skeleton to make it work properly. They did. Another problem is that some foreign airships are made with hydrogen. This makes them highly flammable. and others made of helium. Hydrogen gas could catch fire and fall on pedestrians. These are the problems they face.
Some of the hurdles builders face in allowing ships to dock is their lack of suitable landing zones. One of the main obstacles to happening is nature. Changes in airflow are always changing. The rear of the boat keeps moving.
The builders of the Empire State Building made it possible for the ship to dock on top of the building because it made the building much larger than it used to be. It lost its max position, then recovered it by creating a dock for the airship (Blimps)
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's The Mooring Mask, the builder of the Empire State Building had a problem trying to dock the spaceship. A big hurdle is the safety of airships. For example, "Most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." If a spacecraft caught fire while docked in such a populated area, many people could be killed. Another problem is naturally, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow." This will cause the rear of the airship to rotate, making it unsafe. The builders faced many hurdles, unfortunately, the spaceship could never be docked at the Empire State Building
Many daunting problems for builders and architects @CAPS2 in building masts for docking and refueling ships First, the inability to place a simple mooring mast on the roof of the Empire State Building. Masts can add stress to a building's frame and cause it to collapse, as well as strong winds. Another issue is "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen gas instead of helium to inflate the ship. Unlike helium, hydrogen is highly flammable. There's also a law that airships can't @CAPS1 be too low over urban areas One of the final and most important reasons for the builder @CAPS2 obstacle is the changing winds due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear end will rotate around the mast with the wind.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is that ships can add stress to buildings. Modifications of more than $60,000 had to be made to the building's frame. Additionally, most spacecraft contain hydrogen, which is highly flammable and dangerous. Another dangerous aspect is that the massive piece of material would hang over pedestrians, rather than landing on the open ground which is much safer than usual. Finally, current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, which can also cause docking problems.
The biggest obstacle is security. Foreign spacecraft use hydrogen (@NUM1) as a means of flight, but hydrogen is highly flammable. Owners of the Empire State Building sympathize with what happened to the German airship Hindenburg aboard Lakehurst @LOCATION2. The Hindenburg caught fire and in less than a minute there was no ship, just some charred scrap metal. If this event happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York, there would be a lot of casualties.
Because of "nature itself" and problems that have occurred in the past, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle for builders is providing security. Builders are concerned about possible problems following the fire at Lakehurst @LOCATION3, especially in the middle of New York City. Another obstacle is "nature itself". With the moored mast on top of the building, the builders were spooked by the violent air currents. The final hurdle is that it is by law that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal to tie an airship to a building. Builders face three main obstacles - "nature itself", past accidents and laws. Unfortunately, they were unable to continue their work because the barriers were too strong.
Allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building was nothing like anything before, but never continued due to obstacles. Builders face issues of safety, access to nature and the law itself. Airships raise safety concerns, including fires, and builders “realize that accidents could get worse” (¶ @NUM1). Another safety concern is keeping airships stable, which requires free-hanging heavy objects over the city. Another obstacle is the force of nature. Keeping the spacecraft in place is nearly impossible. Because of the wind, "the rear of the boat will spin...the mooring mast" (¶ @NUM2). This new idea is a good one, but the law is against it too, because of how low the airship is. As previously stated, "This law would prohibit ships from tying up on structures..." (¶ @NUM3). The mast mooring of the Empire State Building created too many obstacles to the completion of the project. While it will open new doors for travel styles, there are too many safety breaches to be worth it.
When trying to build a mooring pier atop the Empire State Building, the builders had a few issues to overcome. The winds in NYC were too windy to steer the ship, with one driver saying "the captain can't take his hands off the control stick." @CAPS1 It's illegal to be so close to a building in the ship for fear of hitting "other structures in the area" sharp spires of things". The only way to keep the airship from swinging violently is to put a large lead weight on it, but that's impractical in New York. All in all, it's too hard to park a small ball on the Empire State Building, and it never happens.
Builders encountered many obstacles in building the Empire State Building. Because of its height, they compete with the Chrysler Building. Al Smith, the builder of the Empire State Building, wanted to build the world's most famous high-rise building. He makes buildings look invincible. He even put a mooring mast on it so things could land on it. But it was never meant to serve that purpose, it was only created for publicity. Because of the mooring masts, the building will not be popular. El Smith did everything to make the building what it is today, and it still stands in New York City today.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spaceship down. One is the weight of the zeppelin, which when strapped to a building puts a lot of pressure on the frame, and the pressure can even reach the foundation. The cost of retrofitting the framework to make it more secure would be @MONEY1. Another obstacle is public expectations. This building should forever change the way we travel, and at the same time be a beautiful, majestic building. The pressure to build the tallest tower in the world has undoubtedly put a strain on them. These expectations are so unreal because most people don't have enough knowledge to understand the security risks involved.
Obstacles for Empire State Building builders are not easy. They had to make plans for the mooring masts. The builders had to think about the thousand-foot spaceship that would be moored atop the Empire State Building. They had to take into account wind pressure and the load on the ship. Builders have to come up with brilliant ideas. The ideas are a "shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower" on top of the building (@CAPS1 paragraph @NUM1). Builders had to build and consider elevators and stairs to take the spaceship's passengers up to the eighty-sixth floor. There are luggage and tickets on the eighty-sixth floor. They will come from the one hundred and second floor. Builders have a tough job because they have to think about how to build the building's mooring masts. They also have to think about how to bring passengers in and out of the spacecraft. Builders face hurdles as construction of buildings is underway.
The Empire State Building was designed to be the tallest building in the world when it was constructed. However, this is not an easy task. The workers have a particularly difficult hurdle to overcome, where the @CAPS1 ship or airship is to be docked. The plan is to build a mooring mast on top of the building for the spacecraft to dock. If this can be done, the Empire State Building is said to be "equipped for the age of transportation..." However, a number of problems have also arisen. The weight of the airship must be able to be held securely. Architects know that weight puts pressure on building frames. Workers had to modify and strengthen the building frame. Workers also built the mast out of strong, glossy chrome-nickel alloy. Another hurdle is faced when considering masts. The frame originally stopped at the eighty-fifth floor. Workers had to finish the roof before they could install the mast. Although the workers succeeded in making a safety mast, the "aviation pioneer dream" never came true.
Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building. He wanted to add a mooring mast to the top of the building so the spacecraft could park there for refueling or service, and get people on and off. To do this, the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be "modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." They would have to spend over sixty thousand dollars to modify the frame. The builders had to build it to 102 floors and create a glass viewing area and an open viewing platform, plus they had to finish the roof and then move on to the steel mast with glass windows. After all the time and money spent rebuilding the building, the spaceship couldn't be docked there. The wind is strong and the rear of the boat is always moving. Also, there is a law that says airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. Not worth it in the end.
Due to a number of factors, the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in trying to get the ship to dock there. A serious hurdle is that the ship, which is only tethered to the top of the building, puts pressure on the building frame. In paragraph 9, it says "The Empire State Building must be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The frame must be remodeled in excess of $60,000." Another complicating factor is nature itself. Above the city are strong winds, due to the constantly changing airflow. This makes it impossible to dock. Nature works on mooring masts, and so does the law. In paragraph 15, it said "existing law prohibits airships from flying too low in low urban areas". This makes it illegal for airships to occupy the Empire State Building.
The Empire State Building faces many obstacles, such as "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, in @NUM1 paragraph, will add stress to the building's frame." This is the spaceship landing on the Empire State Building One of the many troubles I encountered. In the @NUM2 paragraph, they @CAPS1 realized that @ORGANIZATION1's mooring mast was not built because it didn't work. "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose, for the reason that this should have been there before it was built. The reason for the mooring mast is nature. As you will see in paragraph @NUM3, "due to violent airflow, the wind is moving. "There were a lot of problems with the mooring masts like in the beginning, when Al Smith made the top of the building 1,250. It was not safe for the planes. When they wanted the Dirigibles to land on the top of the building. From other countries The Dirigibles contain highly flammable hydrogen. The problem with the mooring masts being installed is wind @CAPS2 on top of the building. Due to airflow. These are the reasons why the mooring masts at the Empire State Building were unsuccessful
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their ships docked there was that "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long ship is moored on top of the Empire State Building. A single The construction help of a cable tether puts pressure on the frame of the building. The pressure of the airship load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way down to the building foundation nearly 1100 feet below" @CAPS1 was the main Empire State Building builder trying to dock the ship obstacles encountered
After the Empire State Building was built, new ideas came to architects' minds. Unfortunately, their vision of incorporating it into the @NUM1 dock for limp proved unrealistic. The first challenge they encountered was how to attach the dock for the airship to the building without putting so much stress on the building's frame. Unless $60,000 worth of frame reinforcement is done, the building could collapse from the added weight. Another obstacle facing architects is nature. At the top of the Empire State Building, the wind was so strong that the airship shook too much for the pilot to dock safely. The final reason airships can't be docked at the Empire State Building is that the law prohibits planes from flying that low. It was actually considered illegal to park an airship there because it had to fly low enough to get close to the building. Because of these factors, the Empire State Building cannot be a dock to support airships.
From what I've read, I've learned that building a mooring pier on a structure like the Empire State Building is a lot harder. An obvious issue is the structural stability of the entire building. It is explained from the paragraph that the tension created by the spacecraft pulling on the tether puts pressure on the frame of the building. Another is to control the spacecraft during docking. The article explains that the winds above the Empire State Building can move violently and frequently. Safety was also an issue, especially after the Hindenburg accident in New Jersey, when a German airship caught fire and exploded.
The hurdles that builders face when trying to get their ships docked on top of the Empire State Building are building the masts, the ships docking on top of the building, and the laws about ships. Architects and builders spend a lot of time building mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building. Airships try to figure out how to dock to buildings, but most of them fail. If there is a problem with the interior of the airship, the airship cannot be docked in urban areas. These were the hurdles builders faced when trying to build the mast and allow the ship to dock on top of the Empire State Building.
The hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building are; safety, time. The safety of building the top of the Empire State Building hindered it because it was so high that it was difficult to lift the glass and steel parts to the top. Another reason it's not safe is that if some glass or steel parts are pushed down, people will lower. Another reason is that the airship flew near buildings and hit one of them. There are also blinps of passengers going up and down; they need to find out that the passengers won't get hurt. It wasn't long enough to build the top of the Empire State Building. "It's on the level, okay. No kidding. We're working on it now."
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a lot of @CAPS2 trying to get the ship docked there. Builders had real difficulties building the morning mast. They have to deal with the frame of the building. A big obstacle they encountered was that they didn't have a suitable landing area for an airship. Not only do they have to deal with artificial @CAPS2, but also with natural @CAPS2. The wind at the top of the building made a safe landing nearly impossible. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). The building's builders realized that to make this plan possible, they would have to redo the building's framework. The building wasn't even designed to allow the spacecraft to land on top of the building. Workers turned a blind eye to all possible problems with the design of the mooring mast. The workers had to go through so much @CAPS2 that the landing of the ship never worked.
To get Dirigibles on Empire State @CAPS1 @CAPS2 builders will have to face tough hurdles. One hurdle was when technology developed to @CAPS3 and @ORGANIZATION1 in the 1930s and airplanes were invented. "The unresolved problem of mooring an airship on a fixed mast at such heights has led to a desire to delay the elaborate installation of the landing gear to a later date." This @CAPS4 proves that they have made the technology to safely land Dirigibles, however, @CAPS5 take a look Does the mast really work. This @CAPS6 technology was invented @CAPS7 and builders can even make masts on top of the Empire State Building. It was later found that the airship was unsafe at the top of the mast as the wind would blow it over and hit the building. In the beginning it was @CAPS8.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face many obstacles to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle that builders have to face is when they are building the mooring masts to hold the airship. A single cable tether securing the airship adds stress to the building's frame. Builders have to come up with a new idea that doesn't stress the building. Another hurdle that builders have had to face is that it is safe for passengers. The fear of falling from the spaceship worries them as the building is tall. The final hurdle that builders must face is "current law prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas," which makes it illegal for boats to be tied to buildings. Builders encountered many obstacles when building the mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the building. The first hurdle was that the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's framing had to be done," the excerpt said. Another hurdle was safety. After the German airship Hindenburg caught fire, builders realized how bad the damage would be if it happened over densely populated New York City. Nature is also a big obstacle. Air movement on top of buildings can make the ship very unstable. It is dangerous to hang an unstable airship on a crowded city street. Finally, there was a "current law prohibiting airships from flying too low in urban areas" at the time. These obstacles were the architects of the Empire State Building trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building had some problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. One problem was that a large ship moored on top of the building, held in place by a separate cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The ship's pressure and wind pressure must be transmitted to the building's foundation nearly 1,100 feet below. That in turn meant builders would have to go back and modify the Empire State Building's frame to make it strong enough to accommodate the airship. Modifications in excess of $60,000 must be made. As construction progressed, once the framing was completed to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the framing of the mooring masts could take place.
Some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there were safety, nature, and law. One of the biggest hurdles is security. Since airships need to be lighter than air, most are filled with helium or hydrogen. "Most craft other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." This is a big hurdle, because if the airship leaves @CAPS1's ground high and catches fire, it could end badly Another obstacle is nature; the building is swaying due to violent air currents. It's also bad because if the airship moves or the building sways into the building, one or the other could break. The final hurdle is the law, which prohibits "airships from flying too low over urban areas." So if they do build the mast, it's even illegal to get the ship closed. So, these are some of the hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building to dock the airship.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. The wind to be exact, although they will tie the ship to the back, the wind will blow @ORGANIZATION2 decides. This affects buildings. "The stress from the ship's load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is located nearly 1,100 feet below." With this discovery, they had to make some changes to the building, which would cost them more money. The other hurdle they go through is actually being able to dock it because it's a law and you can't do that to some of the people below. "Another practical reason why blimps can't be docked at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas." @CAPS1 are just some of the hurdles architects have encountered when trying to dock their ships.
First, the Empire State Building was not designed to land airships on it. The architects had to redesign the entire top of the building. When they did, they never bothered to put down the proper landing gear for the airship. It was a bad day, weather-wise, and without the proper landing gear, the spacecraft would have a hard time landing. The ship is over @NUM1 feet long and without a very large landing service is dangerous for the people on the ship, on the ground, and those helping to land the ship.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem they faced was having to build the mooring mast, because without it, the spacecraft would add stress to the building's frame. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." Even if the builder made the mooring mass, from the building It is also unsafe to moor a ship in the medium. "The biggest reason is safety: most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is very flammable." At all, builders faced many obstacles and couldn't manage to moor the ships to the buildings.
According to the excerpt, the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock the spacecraft included changes in safety, current laws and airflow. Many "ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@NUM1). The owners of the Empire State Building realized that something worse could happen, and that was a fire on a "populated area" (@NUM1). Another practical reason for airships not mooring on top of buildings is "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas" (@NUM3). Airships will be "suspended high above pedestrians on the street" which is very unsafe (@NUM4). The final hurdle for builders is the change in airflow at the top of the building. If the airship is strapped to the mooring mast, "the rear of the boat will turn around" (@NUM4). This is dangerous for pedestrians on the street as well as passengers and drivers coming up. These practical reasons call for the idea of reducing mooring masts.
The hurdles facing the Empire State Building are many. Make the airship; the airship can dock there. One obstacle is building more floors. They had to build more floors so that people on the ship could load and unload cargo on board. Another hurdle was building the steel frame from the 85th to the 102nd floor. This cost them more than @MONEY1 worth of modifications that had to be done to the building frame
@CAPS2 In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the spaceship docked there. One obstacle is that architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "This puts pressure on the building, so "the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be modified and reinforced. Another hurdle facing architects is safety. In the excerpt, "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen, which is highly flammable, rather than helium." "@CAPS1 The biggest hurdle is "nature itself. At the top of the building, the wind is constantly changing due to violent airflow. In the excerpt, "the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." "@CAPS2 in the excerpt, these are the many obstacles that architects face."
The Empire State Building faces many problems. To dock a ship, it needs a good/safe docking point. Additionally, such high winds would make docking nearly impossible for the spacecraft. Finally, the spaceship is very dangerous to the people below because it is very flammable.
The Empire State Building and its enormity are told in this fascinating story "The Mooring Mast" by author Marcia Amidon Lüsted. Although it took workers time and effort to construct the building, they did not fully understand the purpose of the mooring mast. There are a number of reasons why they ran into conflicts trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts. For example, the spacecraft are made of helium instead of hydrogen, and hydrogen is highly flammable, so it would be a complete tragedy if they docked in downtown New York. Another reason is that the spacecraft is parked on an open landing pad, so it can get heavy. "But using these at the Empire State Building, they would hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe," writes author Marcia. That's why workers have difficulty building mooring masts and many more.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building encounters some obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there. First, one of the biggest obstacles is natural behavior. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents," making it difficult for the spacecraft to land safely. Another obstacle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. All in all, the Empire State Building's mooring mast isn't for landing blimps like blimps because it's too dangerous. Additionally, they use the mooring masts for other safety purposes.
At first, using a spaceship might seem like a good idea. They could be new vehicles, and they don't seem to have any flaws. As the spacecraft developed, it showed signs of problems. Engineers planned to tie the spacecraft to the Empire State Building's mast, but that would add a lot of stress to the building's frame. They next found that security was an issue. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of flammable helium. Also, they would have to use lead weights to hold the ship in place when it was parked. It is very dangerous to hang lead weights on pedestrians on the street. Without the lead weight, the airship would simply spin in the air, potentially piercing its shell. Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This makes it illegal for ships to even approach buildings. People have high hopes for using spaceships, but in the end they have more disadvantages than advantages.
To build a spaceship destination at the Empire State Building, architects had to deal with @CAPS3 issues, such as ship accidents or simply nature itself. @CAPS3 Problems like airship crashes, expensive, lives will be in densely populated cities, and explosions could destroy buildings around the Empire State Building and the Empire State Building itself. To prevent this, the government has enacted a law that prohibits flying vehicles from approaching urban areas. To build this @CAPS1, architects have to break the law or bend the rules. Another conflicting idea that disrupted plans for the airship dock was that nature, strong winds could easily shake the airship, which could cause the airship to crash into a nearby building, "even if the airship was tethered to the mooring mast. , the stern will still rotate around the mooring mast." (@CAPS2 @NUM1) The aforementioned rotation could hit nearby buildings and injure civilians. @CAPS3 The problem and laws that prevent masts from being created should have been realized, the idea never was.
The Empire State Building is known as the tallest building in the world. The building is located in New York. Al Smith, the man who built the Empire State Building, added a top or hat to the building, which gave the building more character than any other in the city. The Empire State Building is equipped with transportation facilities. The means of transport are airships or zeppelins. There is a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building for docking the new airship. One obstacle the building faced was the lack of a suitable landing zone in New York. Al saw an opportunity to get people in and out of the Empire State Building. Al thinks it's a creative new thing. The Empire State Building's mooring masts were never completed. Security was also not considered before building the idea. The biggest reason is that most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is higher for flames @CAPS1. Nature itself is also a big problem, the idea has safety concerns, can't @CAPS1 flames in downtown NYC
According to the excerpt, the hurdles faced by builders. is that they have to get to the bottom of the building to make it higher. This is the obstacle they face.
When builders tried to build a landing pier for the spacecraft on top of the Empire State Building, a number of hurdles arose. Obstacles include public safety, @CAPS1 in place, and unpredictable weather. Many spacecraft use hydrogen, which is very flammable. After the German Hindenburg sank, it became clear that the safety of the public would be at risk as the ship caught fire on crowded streets. There was also @CAPS1 at the time that prohibited planes from flying too low over urban areas and landing docks too low. The last problem is unpredictable weather. Piolets are concerned that strong winds will blow the moored vessel into another building or a sharp spire, which could damage the vessel and put people below at risk. Many obstacles block the loading dock at the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders in trying to dock the airship were high winds and existing laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The number one reason airships couldn't be moored was because of the wind on top of the Empire State Building. In paragraph @NUM1 it is mentioned, "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. Moored at an open landing pad Airships are held down with lead weights in the back, but use these at the Empire State Building and they hang high above pedestrians in the street, which is neither practical nor safe." @CAPS1 is saying here that if the airship is in a violent It is not safe for people to park near the Empire State in the air. Another reason blimps can't dock is because the law says they're against flying blimps as low as urban areas. @CAPS1 This law makes it illegal for boats to be tied to buildings, even near the area. In the @NUM2 paragraph it says that the spaceship does try to reach the building. In December 1930, the U.S. Navy ship Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but could not get close to mooring due to strong winds. Worried that the wind would blow the airship atop the spires of other buildings in the area, it would pierce the airship's hull, and the captain even Unable to release hand from control stick. Due to the size of the airship @CAPS1, sharp objects cannot get close to other buildings. Apparently the builders of the Empire State Building had a challenge trying to get the airship to dock there hurdles. All because of very strong winds or drafts and pre-existing laws that prohibit airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different hurdles to get the spaceship docked there. The main obstacle to allowing airships to dock is the lack of a suitable landing zone. To keep the spacecraft parked at the Empire State Building for several hours, a mooring mast had to be added to the top of the building. The architects couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, so instead of building a utility mast without any trim, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel lit from within Stainless steel tower. Once the architect has designed the mooring mast, it becomes complete and useful. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. These are some of the hurdles the builders have to face to get the ship docked on the Empire State Building.
After planning and constructing the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, developers discovered a number of issues that hadn't been thought of before. They didn't take into account the flammability of the gas inside the spacecraft. Nor do they remember "the law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This law will prohibit boats from being tied to buildings" (@NUM1 line). Additionally, the strong winds found at high altitudes are sure to pose a threat to all airships. If they hit a nearby building, the results could be catastrophic.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem for builders is that a ship moored on top of a building can add stress to its frame. In paragraph @NUM1 it says that "the stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is almost below @NUM2 feet." The builder had to make a $60,000 retrofit to strengthen the building s frame. Another major issue they face is security. “Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen instead of helium.” Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and after the destruction of the German spacecraft, they realized how dangerous it could be to use hydrogen in populated areas. Another reason is nature. In paragraph @NUM3, it says "The wind on top of the building is moving all the time." This makes it difficult to tether and stabilize the plane so passengers can get off safely. Even a Navy pilot "couldn't get close enough to tie down the plane due to strong winds". There's even a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. With all the hurdles the builders faced, the mooring at the top of the Empire State Building was doomed.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts", the builder had to redesign the top of the Empire State Building by traversing obstacles to dock the ship to @ORGANIZATION1. They had to make it higher and better for the spacecraft to land. They had problems because they weren't sure the spacecraft would fit. Second, the mast must be designed. The builder must design a whole other part for the ship. The builder also had to spend $60,000 to build the mast. Builders face huge hurdles. Third, the builders also made stainless steel towers for the docking of the spacecraft. This is a hindrance because the tower has glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. The builder went through many hurdles to dock the ship and eventually the ship didn't get a chance to dock the builder should "bow because it's over"
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles and allowed the spacecraft to dock there, such as safety, nature, and current laws. In the excerpt, the author tells how many spacecraft use hydrogen, which is very flammable. This makes it very dangerous to park them at the Empire State Building because they can have an accident, and since New York is so densely populated, it can hurt a lot of people. One shouldn't risk one's life just to land a ship. Another problem for builders is nature. In the @NUM1 paragraph, the excerpt states that "the wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." This means that the ship will be suspended over New York and the wind will become very dangerous because it is so unpredictable. According to the excerpt, this is neither practical nor safe. To add to all these hurdles, the builders did not take into account existing laws that prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. So that means it's illegal to dock a spaceship at the Empire State Building. Builders encountered many obstacles in allowing dinghies to dock on the Empire State Building, which is not what it should have been.
While builders are trying to figure out a way to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building, some hurdles remain. If the airship is held in place by a single cable, this will add stress to the building's frame. The spacecraft had to run cables on top, which was also difficult because the Empire State Building had a flat roof. Weather is also a huge obstacle. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM1, line @NUM2) The wind can cause the airship to sway and not be very stable. Builders must also keep in mind that using buildings can also be harmful to pedestrians, with airships too close to the ground. For builders, planning where these planes will land and repopulate is not an easy task.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt of "Mooring Masts," natural, unsafe docking conditions and existing laws against spaceships are just some of the obstacles faced by Empire State Building builders. "The main obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself". On top of such tall buildings, the wind is always changing direction, which causes the ship to "spin". Airships or blimps always land on open ground and can be held down with a plumb bob, but with this technique "they would hang high above pedestrians...not practical nor safe". The Empire State Building's builders also encountered "an existing law that prohibits airships from flying low over the city." The law now makes it illegal for any airship to be docked or tied to a building. It is neither safe, practical nor legal to try to park a ship at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many hurdles in order to achieve @ORGANIZATION1. The Empire State Building is @NUM1 feet tall, which is causing some problems. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself," Lüsted said. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." Wind speeds at the top of the Empire State Building can be frightening because the tail of the craft is essentially weightless, it Will move around violently, which could fail the support beams, or could endanger the lives of those below. "But using these at the Empire State Building, they would hang high above pedestrians in the street, which is neither practical nor safe," Lüsted said. Another reason why mooring masts can't be built is that airships are prohibited from flying too low in urban areas the law. "The law makes it illegal for ships to dock at buildings or even near the area," Lüsted said. Airships are illegal even in the vicinity of buildings, making it impossible.
The future of transportation is something any architect has ever discussed. Whether it takes reality into account, that's another matter. Al Smith faces the challenge of turning his dream of docking a spaceship into reality. Despite Smith's high hopes for the project, the construction of the marina has encountered a number of hurdles. Paragraph 14 mentions a problem, "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." Wind power was not considered at the time, nor was the fact that thousands of people in downtown New York were at risk. In short, the airship soon became more useless in the spark of the plane, and soon died with the dream of the mooring mast. Another stumbling block is the law that airships cannot fly close to urban areas. This undermined any plans for the mast, as construction was not only risky but also illegal. What once glimpsed into the future quickly evaporated, with @PERSON1 finally speaking to the public that construction would be delayed. The future of transportation has been hit hard, but with the replacement of aircraft, anything seems possible.
The Empire State Building is under construction and the building passes many obstacles. First, because they want to do the biggest building in the world, they have to work hard. The State Building is doomed to never fulfill its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built
Despite the hope and anticipation surrounding the construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, the project was never destined to succeed. In "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the many obstacles that builders faced when trying to get their ships to dock on the masts were described. The first major hurdle for the builders was that "the ship's load and wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building" when the ship was mounted on the moorings. This obstacle resulted in the need for substantial additional bracing on the frame to maintain the robustness of the building. Another arguably the biggest hurdle for builders is the fast wind flow around the building. Wind poses problems for airships because "even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast". This created a major design flaw for the builders, who had to maintain control and safety of the craft while it was docked at moorings. Although the program dwarfed other programs at the time, it was short-lived. The plan had too many hurdles to overcome, and works better today as a memorable feature of the Empire State Building.
The obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders trying to dock the spacecraft were high winds, weak structures and public safety issues. Strong winds could barely hold it stably on top, and flimsy structures could barely keep saflley on top. Because of all these dangers, it's totally unsafe for people to ride, dock and board these massive ships on top of the Empire State Building.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to get their spaceships docked there. First, it says the foundations of the building will be put under more stress by a thousand-foot spaceship docking. For example, "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation." No. Two, it says if they happen above a building, it's really dangerous. For example, “When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area, the accident could become How bad. Areas like downtown NYC." @CAPS1, it said the wind was blowing at the top of the building. For example, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." All in all, they still face many obstacles, so let The idea of a spaceship docked on top of a building is hard to come by.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts," author Marcia Amidon Lüsted talks about the structural and natural obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders. One hurdle for builders has to do with the structure of the building. The problem is that a moored airship or blimp can add a lot of stress to the frame of the building. To address this, "the frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened." Another hurdle for builders involves nature. The wind at the top of the building was very strong and changed direction frequently. This hinders the ability of the ship to park on top of buildings and remains a problem. The final hurdle is restricting airships from flying over urban areas. This restriction prevented the spacecraft from mooring on top of the Empire State Building. The excerpt explains the structural and natural barriers faced by builders.
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders had to pass through obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on it. Some of these obstacles are changing the design of buildings, considering the safety of people and the materials from which airships are made. Because a thousand-foot airship moored on top of the building would add stress to the building's frame, the building's steel frame had to be modified and reinforced. Had to spend over $60,000 on revisions. The airship is a steel-framed balloon filled with hydrogen and helium. This is a safety issue; most spacecraft use hydrogen, not helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. A German spaceship is destroyed by fire, and the owners of the Empire State Building realize how bad an accident like this can be in downtown New York. During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders had to go through many hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there.
The builder of @ORGANIZATION1 had a lot of trouble trying to dock the ship. A thousand-foot-long airship at the top of the building, secured by a cable tether, would stress the building family. The steel frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framing. Theese is the obstacle they have to @ORGANIZATION1.
The Empire State Building's builders face passenger hurdles on existing transatlantic routes and upcoming new ones.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some minor obstacles are the frame and strength of the building. Other obstacles are major, such as uncontrollable nature. In paragraph 9, the author explains that mooring a thousand-foot-long craft on top of the Empire State Building would add stress to the building's frame. In addition, the foundation of the building is also affected due to wind pressure. In order for the ship to dock, the frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened. Tethering an airship to a building is nearly impossible due to nature's strong influence on the use of mooring masts. As the authors describe in paragraph 14, the wind causes the ship to rotate around the mooring mast. Other hurdles for builders are that most blimps from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, most landing pads on the back of blimps result in weight (not safe to hang over pedestrians), and that last problem is there is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. Although the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles in allowing airships to dock, it still became a well-known building for @LOCATION1.
Some of the hurdles facing the builders of the Empire State Building were the highly flammable hydrogen inside the spacecraft. Builders don't want to risk any lives or damage any buildings. They realized that if the accident happened in downtown New York, the accident could have been much worse. The biggest obstacle is the wind on top of the building. The wind is constantly changing due to airflow. Airships also hang from pedestrians on the street below. The last reason is because their laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for them to tie it to a building or even approach it.
When the architects behind the Empire State Building's mooring mast first started designing it there, they didn't take into account the @CAPS1 they would have to overcome to dock the ship. In the excerpt, it states that the mooring mast was not originally part of the Empire State Building's design structure: but the pressure it creates when docking the ship "must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building." That means builders need to devise some way to do this when construction has already begun. Other @CAPS1 include those that are safe. The excerpt says that "most airships from outside the United States use hydrogen", which is more flammable than helium. Combined with the fact that there is really no way to secure a ship moored to the mast, this could lead to an accident with @CAPS2 in a "populated area like downtown NYC" with the Hindenburg.
According to the excerpt, it somehow shows that the builder hit a snag when trying to get the airship or airship to dock there. Found one of these examples in paragraph @NUM1. It says: "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is designed to never fulfill its purpose." Another, also in the @NUM1 paragraph, they say "The biggest reason is safety: most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium , and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York, Accidents could get worse. Also in @NUM3 paragraph it says nature is an obstacle to the success of a huge mooring mast. Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents. Another reason is due to current laws , the airship flies too low in densely populated or urban areas.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced a significant hurdle, as the ship was docked and stood still. Ships are highly flammable and the structure is unsafe by law, which is what @CAPS4 requires them to be docked there. One, the ship is highly flammable and is near a building that is very important to its @CAPS1. "Today, these craft are camouflaged. The fabric filled with hydrogen and helium is lighter in the air." In the U.S., these craft are only hydrogen, which is the ultimate igniter. Second, the structure never had human passengers board the structure and ride the airship. The law states that "aircraft flying low to urban areas is @CAPS2". @CAPS3 why it never happens. Third, @CAPS4 can never always be correct 247. The problem is "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing violent airflow." This Put exists in @CAPS5, these are the obstacles to the docking of the ship.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The mooring masts used to dock airships add stress to the building's frame and "can't simply be placed on top of the Empire State Building. The building needs to be "modified and strengthened" to accommodate this. Most come from airship states outside the U.S. Using extremely flammable hydrogen. Building owners realize that if an accident like the Hindenburg happens over a densely populated city or an area like downtown New York, the results will be the worst. Biggest hurdle for builders It will be nature's winds on top of buildings that are constantly changing due to the strong airflow. Even if the airship can be tied to the mast, the back of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. Also, due to current laws prohibiting airships from flying "The Empire State Building's Mooring Mast" The mooring mast was destined to fail its purpose. "
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One hurdle was that in order to build it to dock the airship, they had to spend more than $60,000 on modifications to the building's frame. Also, another hurdle is because of security. Ships are not that safe, they are flammable and will be over areas with many other buildings and people around. These are some of the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock the spaceship.
In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by author @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The first hurdle for the builders was that over time the building would collapse with all the weight of the "ship. They would have to spend more money and time building a frame for the Empire State Building to support the ship." " @CAPS1 @NUM1 supports the barrier "A thousand-foot ship parked on top of a building increases the stress on the building frame". A second hurdle for the Empire State Building is trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the building, a concern for thousands of citizens beneath the high-rise. After a German ship caught fire in Jersey, they realized how serious the situation could get. “The Empire State Building owners realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York, it could have been worse.” These are two hurdles facing the Empire State Building’s builders.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. One of these barriers is stress. Yes, stress. That's because when you're mooring a thousand-foot spaceship on top of the Empire State Building, it's only held in place by a single cable tether, which adds stress to the building's frame. Another hurdle for builders is safety. Given that most ships are known to use hydrogen instead of helium, you would think hydrogen would work. Unfortunately, hydrogen is a fireproof material because it is very flammable. So safety is definitely another hurdle in trying to get the spaceship docked on top of the Empire State Building. The final hurdle for builders is nature itself. This is simply because the back of the boat will rotate repeatedly around the mooring mast as the violent currents constantly alter the wind on top of the building. Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, there is no solution. These are the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get their ships docked there, in an excerpt of the info, "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted.
When the Empire State Building faced @CAPS1 an airship docking station, they had a lot of problems. The first @CAPS2 that @CAPS3 encountered was wind. Winds over a thousand feet in the air will never be @CAPS4. Once they got the @CAPS5 ship to the tower, they couldn't keep it stationary enough to fill and get passengers on and off the ship. The second @CAPS2 they encountered was that helium is flammable. If helium @CAPS7 catches fire somehow, it will be @CAPS8 in places like downtown NYC. The third and final reason is that it is illegal to have such a low plane in the city. This can't be done, so they stopped moving forward on this @CAPS9.
@ORGANIZATION1 The spire was originally designed for more than just visual stimulation. The spire is actually a mooring mast used to dock the airship. Airships or airships are considered the transportation of the future, but the mast has many obstacles that must be overcome. Al Smith saw an opportunity to put the Empire State Building and New York in general at the forefront of modern travel. The mast had to support and bear the airship's weight, so "more than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's frame had to be done." The constant threat of wind also made the plan too dangerous. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents. Finally, most airships are highly flammable and cannot be safely docked to endanger the public. Such a disaster would be worse..." If it happened in a densely populated area like New York city center. "Building a mooring mast on the Empire State Building involves many obstacles.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2, "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. These issues include safety, nature and current laws. Safety is the biggest obstacle. The craft "use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable". @CAPS1 Central NYC buildings are so close together that a fire in a building like the Empire State Building can have devastating effects. The hardest problem to overcome is nature. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents. It 's impossible to keep the rear of the spacecraft from spinning. " Additionally, the spaceship will hang high above cars and people on the street below. The final reason airships shouldn't be moored at the Empire State Building is because of a law that prohibits "airships from flying too low over urban areas." This makes the whole plan illegal, and while it's a good plan, it's not well thought out.
The builders had many problems trying to get the ship to dock. The biggest obstacle is the wind. At that height, there is constant change. If the airship is tethered, the back will rotate. Another problem is that they cannot be weighed. If the ship is depressed, it will be raised, it will fall. These are some of the hurdles facing builders.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts. One obstacle they face is the lack of suitable landing zones. They had to design the mast for the ship. Another obstacle was that the airship was held in place by a cable tether, which would add stress to the building's frame. Next, New York City will have to spend more than $60,000 to make changes to the building's frame. Then the biggest reason for safety came to them. That said, most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. On @DATE1, a German ship, the Hindenburg, was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ. The owners of the Empire State Building realized if this were to happen in New York, and how much of a problem it would cause. The final and biggest obstacle to their successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. From all the violent winds and drafts, it was difficult to tether the airship to the mast. Taken together, these are the hurdles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spaceship down.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered several major hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the problems is that "the stress of the airship loads and wind pressure is transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building...". Making modifications takes more than @MONEY1 to do. Also, "the roof has to be done before the frame of the mooring mast can start." @CAPS1, they didn't address several other hurdles. Foreign craft often "use hydrogen instead of helium..." If they crash in "a densely populated area, like downtown New York," it will cause massive damage. Also, being too high, the ship cannot carry the weight at the rear, so it rotates around the mast. There is also a law that prohibits "airships from flying too low over urban areas. In the end there were too many obstacles and the docking plan was cancelled."
The builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. One of the hurdles that must be faced is handling hydrogen from spacecraft outside the United States. Hydrogen is very flammable and cannot withstand a fire in such a densely populated area. Another obstacle is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. The wind from nature can make the spacecraft difficult to control, so people are afraid that the spacecraft will hit the building. These are some of the obstacles faced.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. With the German ship Hindenburg destroyed in New Jersey, it would be even more dangerous in a densely populated area like New York, where the Empire State Building is located. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is changing due to airflow. It is not safe for an airship to hang high above pedestrians on the street. The main problem faced by the architects was that the airships could not be parked at the Empire State Building because it had a law that prohibited airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. While this seemed like a good idea at the time, it was neither practical nor safe.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building trying to get their ships docked there were not easy to overcome. Most ships are huge, and @CAPS1 is no mean feat to deal with them in this sentence. "@CAPS2 is a thousand feet long, the length of four New York City blocks." In this sentence, it speaks to their enormous size and demonstrates how difficult it is to control and land them safely. Another hurdle the workers had to face was modifying the Empire State Building's already set structure, and the offer for the money spent as @CAPS1. “The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The building frame had to be remodeled in excess of $60,000.” This quote proves that adding mooring masts not only tires out workers, but also Will spend a lot of money on failed projects. They got their tall buildings but couldn't achieve the mooring masts.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. Because the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent airflow. Also because the Empire State Building has an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas.
Builders build about @NUM1 feet above the surface, so safety is an issue. A @NUM2 ft @CAPS2 would then be moored on top of the building, secured by a cable tether that would increase the stress on the building (the @CAPS2 load would). Additionally, wind pressure must be transmitted to the foundation @NUM3 feet below. So it's a @CAPS1 that might affect @CAPS3. @CAPS2 could catch fire in downtown NYC, hurt @CAPS3 and cost a lot of money @NUM4 dollars.
Getting the ship to dock at the Empire State Building requires some obstacles. First, New York City lacks a suitable landing zone. To solve this problem, Al Smith added a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building. This will allow the airship to park there for several hours for refueling, servicing and getting passengers on and off. Another hurdle in allowing airships to dock at the Empire State Building was due to the fact that a thousand airships put pressure on the building's frame-foot airships moored to the top of the building held in place by a single cable tether. To accommodate this, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened and remodeled. More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framing. The last and greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The lead weight will be used to reduce the weight of the airship landing in the clearing. However, when the Empire State Building lost its lead weight, which would hang high above pedestrians on the street, it wasn't very safe at all.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in their attempts to dock the spaceship thousands of feet above the streets of New York. One of their many problems was the sheer size of the airship, which was a thousand feet long. Another problem they faced was preventing the stern from rotating around the mooring mast. Usually, the rear of these airship-like structures is held in place by a plumb bob, but hanging a plumb bob above the street is risky, not to mention impractical.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle was that they needed a mooring mast so that the airship could anchor, but they couldn't put the mooring mast on the flat surface of the Empire State Building's roof. This would put too much pressure on the building. The problem cost more than $60,000. Another hurdle is safety precautions. The spacecraft is mostly filled with highly flammable hydrogen. If a spaceship caught fire, the entire Empire State Building would be destroyed, including everyone inside. It's also not safe, as strong winds could blow away the craft, posing a danger to pedestrians below. Another hurdle for builders is current laws that prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. It would be illegal if they tried to anchor the airship to the Empire State Building. With all these obstacles not coming to fruition, the whole idea has faded away.
The architects, engineers and workers or builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles when trying to attach a spaceship dock to the top of the building. The first disturbing encounter for the builders was that they "couldn't simply put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building." Engineers and architects required NUM1 repairs to strengthen the building frame. Mother Nature itself is also a problem. Changing winds will have a hard time keeping the landings unless they are overwhelmed. Even weighing a zeppelin posed a threat of a weight drop and killing an innocent. Finally, a law prohibits airships from flying low over cities. If another building's spikes hit and pop the balloon, it would be an absolute disaster. Overall, there are a number of hurdles preventing the idea of a spaceship dock from becoming a reality.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts", the builder faced quite a few problems. They are faced with building buildings. They don't know if they can build it all. They also faced a harsh climate and faced the weight of the spacecraft and whether it could withstand it. In paragraph 14, it says that "an airship moored in an open landing field can be weighed down with lead weights behind it." These are a few things workers have to deal with
The problems he had were the ones that were never really solved, and that led to the wind problem.
The builders of the Empire State Building had many problems dealing with the mooring masts. First of all, I would say that security is the number one concern. If the spacecraft catches fire, it could land on a New York City main street, posing a danger to hundreds of pedestrians. Also, the weather is another factor. If the wind is too strong to fly all the way, the mast will be a waste. When I read that they had to spend <@NUM1</@CAPS1> to modify the frame of the building," I started thinking about all the other things a town could do with @MONEY1. There is also a current law that makes it illegal for any Airships can all be very far from the Empire State Building. Overall, the idea of a mooring mast is just a badly planned idea.
@CAPS1 at the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship docked there. One problem is that @CAPS1 has to fasten the frame of the building in order to transfer the stress of the airship to the bottom of the building. Another hurdle for @CAPS1 was that @CAPS1 had to complete the roof before the framing of the mooring masts began. @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building also had to make sure that the skeleton of the mast was made of steel so that the mast looked like the rest of the Empire State Building and didn't stick out.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems and obstacles, such as nature itself, when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. At @NUM1 feet, the wind was too unpredictable to approach and dock the ship. Above nature, the law prevents landing. Airships cannot fly at low altitudes in urban areas, so even trying to approach the area is illegal. Even if there is no legal prohibition and wind does not exist, there is still a lot of potential danger in this idea. Many spacecraft are made using the highly flammable hydrogen gas. If someone caught fire in a densely populated area like New York, the damage would be dire. I hope Al Smith is willing to pay thousands for the title of world's tallest building because he didn't get his mast
Building a building is hard, but trying to build the tallest building in the world is stressful. The mast at the top of the Empire State Building presented builders with many obstacles, such as having to strengthen the frame of the entire building. "A thousand-foot-long spaceship moored to the top of the Empire State Building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." The architects also wanted the mooring masts to be decorative or decorative. "Instead of building a utilitarian mast with no frills, the architects designed a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel that could be illuminated from within -" @CAPS1, the building had to add two more floors, adding an "opening" style observation deck” and a “drigidle passenger boarding area”. Although the mast was destined to never fulfill its purpose, the building is still touted as the tallest building in the world.
In @ORGANIZATION2's excerpt "Mooring Masts", certain obstacles such as foundation support, nature and safety challenge the construction of the spacecraft dock. The first problem the architects faced was that the docked ships put too much pressure on the building. To solve this problem, a drastic renovation of the building was necessary. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." (@CAPS1 @NUM1, @CAPS2 @NUM2) The change is said to have cost over $60,000. Another obstacle that builders face when building a mooring mast is nature. At this altitude, the wind is violent and unpredictable. Despite being tethered to the building, the airship would rotate and twist around the mass, an unsafe and dangerous aspect. In the end, as with the biggest reason for not claiming success, the mast's safety breach was too big. "Most ships outside of the U.S. use hydrogen...and hydrogen is very flammable. When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire...the owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad that accident would be....in a densely populated areas like downtown New York.” (@CAPS1 @NUM3, @CAPS2 @NUM4) Wilderness poses serious risks to the safety of New Yorkers. This problem is a serious one and thus becomes a hindrance for builders of mooring quality. Building foundations, nature and safety violations all become a problem for builders who build mooring quality.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get small boats to dock at the building. Drigibles are giant steel-framed balloons filled with hydrogen and helium that are steered using propellers and rudders. El Smith wanted to add a mooring mast to the top of the building to allow the boat to anchor for hours for refueling or repairs. However, the load of the boat and the pressure of wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building. The cost of making changes to the framework outweighs the value of @MONEY1. When the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937, the builders realized what a catastrophic accident would happen over a densely populated area of downtown New York. Due to the strong and violent air currents, the wind on the top of the building is constantly changing and the rear of the boat is constantly swaying. In addition, current law prohibits airships from flying too low over cities and urban areas, which would keep airships from mooring at the Empire State Building. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the Drigibles docked in the building.
In the excerpt, Marcia Amidon's The Mooring Mast points out some of the obstacles the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock the ship because the wind was so strong and most used hydrogen rather than the very flammable helium. The way the ship is docked to the building is via a rope attached to the mast. The spacecraft will then be "suspended above pedestrians on the street." (@NUM1). This is "neither practical nor safe" (@NUM1) which would endanger not only the pedestrians below, but the people on board. The wind is so strong that it can blow it into the building. Most spacecraft run on hydrogen rather than helium, which is more flammable. "The German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, NJ." (@NUM3) Empire State Building owners see this as another huge problem, as it would be worse if it caught fire in densely populated New York.
.The Empire State Building was planned during construction to be used as a mast that would attach airships. The builders of the building did not realize the seriousness of the obstacles preventing them from accomplishing this feat safely. Most of the problems that arise are security related. Due to safety concerns, masts were considered a lucrative idea and posed too much danger. There are just too many possibilities for error. One of the problems was that the craft contained dangerous flammable gases, and if something went wrong, a burning craft landing in downtown New York City could cause significant damage. Another obstacle preventing this idea from becoming a reality is that the airship tethered to the mast would be "constantly moving due to violent air currents (paragraph @NUM1). Another reason it can't do that" is the existing ban on airship flying The law is too low in urban areas" (paragraph @NUM2). All problems that cannot be reasonably solved are the reasons for the impracticality of the mast.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's mooring mast, the cause of the high spire is revealed to be the mooring mast for the landing of the zeppelin. The builders of the Empire State Building had many difficulties trying to get the zeppelins to actually land there. The difficulty is that the weight of the spaceship adds "stress" over @NUM1 dollars of work already done on the foundation. It's difficult because it doesn't think it's easy to add so much steel to a beautiful building. Another difficulty involved adding a "mast...  Will turn into a conical head which will accommodate a mooring arm "think how easy it is to bring the gorgeous @NUM2ft spire @NUM3ft to the top. Finally" the wind at the top is constantly moving due to the violent airflow "That means all the framers went through hell to build this building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is how much stress is put on the building frame. "A thousand-foot-long ship is moored on top of the building's frame," Lüsted said. "The ship's load and stress from wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation, which is about 11 feet below. The steel Empire State Building's frame had to be Modified and enhanced to fit this new situation. If the Empire State Building is going to make it happen, they'll have to change its frame. That's the biggest hurdle to overcome. The hurdle they'll have to face is people's safety." From the U.S. Most of the craft other than that use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. If they're going to do that, there's always a risk that someone will catch fire. Making the Empire State Building a dock will have many hurdles to overcome if they want to make it happen.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The biggest problem is that it is illegal to fly airships that low in urban areas, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. Another problem is that most of @ORGANIZATION2's airships use very flammable hydrogen. So if what happened to the Hindenburg had happened at the Empire State Building, the accident would have been worse. Especially people walking on the street below, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM2. Another problem is nature. The wind on the roof is ferocious and always changing. So if the airship is docked to the mask, and a lead weight (like an anchor) that keeps the airship from floating will be suspended above a pedestrian who is ready to fall immediately, as described in paragraph @NUM3. Additionally, the fear of sharp edges and strong winds can cause the ship to puncture and burst.
Dirigibles on @DATE1 are hailed as the transportation of the future. The airship has a top speed of eighty miles per hour and cruises for thousands of miles at seventy miles per hour. The main obstacle the airship will face when landing in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone. Another hurdle facing architects and empire builders was designing a mast that would allow spaceships to dock to buildings and allow people to get in and out of vehicles. Architects knew they couldn't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. "A thousand-foot spaceship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." So the architects had to rebuild the building's foundations to strengthen the building's structure. The biggest obstacle facing the builders of the Empire State Building was nature itself. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong draft." The strong draft on top of the Empire State Building can make it dangerous and unsafe to dock the airship with the building.
In this excerpt, when Al Smith wanted to get the Dirigibles docked on the Empire State Building, he had a number of hurdles to overcome. Minimal obstacles are being built on this top so that the airship can moor on the building. "The top will cost more than @ORGANIZATION1 to make the necessary modifications to the framework". Another confusing issue is that @CAPS1 has an existing law. "Another practical reason why Dirigibles are unavailable inside the Empire State Building is that current laws prohibit low-flying aircraft." Safety is a tricky hurdle. “Most craft other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, which is perfect for @CAPS2. The biggest obstacle is nature.” Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong airflow. "Al Smith and his team in this excerpt are fantastic, they can't get past them.
On December 11, 1929, four-term New York Governor Al Smith announced that the Empire State Building would reach a height of 1,250 feet. At the time it would be the tallest building in the world, but the builders faced the hurdle of a more unique part; allowing the ship to dock there. First, it is difficult to establish a proper landing zone. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1 of the excerpt, an airship held by a single cable adds stress to the building frame. Therefore, the steel frame had to be retrofitted and strengthened to transmit the increased stress all the way to the foundation of the building. Also, security is a big concern. In the @NUM2 paragraph, it states that "most airships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." Builders are starting to realize that if one of the airships catches fire, like Germany in New Jersey Like the Hindenburg, this will cause huge problems due to the dense population of New York. In the end, nature itself is an obstacle for the builder. The wind at the top of the building is constantly turned to violent air currents. As mentioned in paragraph @NUM3, the rear of the boat will spin and the plumb bob is dangerous to pedestrians below. In general, the mast was difficult to build and unfortunately never used.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem, according to the excerpt, is that "a thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the frame." They would cost more than @MONEY1 to modify the building's frame . Of course, another issue is the safety of the mast. Most airships from outside the United States do not use helium. Instead, the limbs use highly flammable hydrogen gas, which could be catastrophic if ignited over densely populated areas like downtown New York. The excerpt also states, "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the ship behind will rotate around the mooring mast. " @CAPS1, there is already a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas, so it is illegal for blimps to be attached to or even near the Empire State Building. Builders were unable to build mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building for the reasons mentioned above.
Builders of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to get the ship to dock on top @CAPS1 "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." @CAPS2 Designers have to figure out how to dock the ship on top the top of the building. Even if they did find a way to dock, "a thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." This set the builders back again, because even though They did find a way to dock the spaceship, and the Empire State Building needed "over $60,000 worth of renovations." While this is possible, "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". Builders face many obstacles that hold them back, but they bravely try to see their dreams come true.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. An example is by adding airships, it increases the pressure on the building. The frame of the Empire State Building will have to change due to the pressure placed on the building. All the required changes will add up to more than $60,000. Now, there will also be 102 floors. The top floor will be the boarding area and observation area. Another thing they did for the mooring mast was to raise an American flag on top. All of this accommodation was built with the help of a spaceship atop the Empire State Building.
The designers of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when trying to dock the spaceship at its peak. "The biggest reason is safety" (paragraph @NUM1). Ships are dangerous. Strong winds may blow them in different directions, possibly hitting buildings. In the event of a car crash, debris would rain down on New York City. Due to the wind, they would have to use a plumb bob to hold the airship in place. However, above the city, it would be "neither practical nor safe" (para @NUM2). Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes over urban areas. This would make docking illegal. For these reasons, the builders of the Empire State Building faced the challenge of having airships or airships docked on the building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. An example is taken from the author's writing in paragraph 6 "One barrier to expanding use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone." This sentence implies that builders face the space challenge of landing craft, since New York City is a relatively crowded area. Another example is in paragraph @NUM1 where the author talks about security implications. Many spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which is extremely flammable. The last example will be in the @NUM2 paragraph when the author describes the security implications. Builders had to account for the gusty winds on top of buildings. Builders encountered many obstacles.
The builders of the mast tried to dock the ship with many obstacles, such as law, nature and neglected details. The law is a hindrance, as having an airship in a densely populated area presents a safety risk, such as the Hindenburg accident. Naturally a problem, as the high winds at the top of the mast can rock the boat. The final hurdle is that the builders of the mast ignore all other obstacles and safety risks.
The Empire State Building's mooring mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built, the biggest being that safety had to come from one of the ships outside of the United States using hydrogen. Hydrogen Building realizes it could be worse if the accident happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle the builders had to face was that they "required over $60,000 worth of modifications to the building's framing". Another hurdle facing the builders is meeting the president of the airship carrier and plans to provide airship service in the Pacific. These are just two of the many hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there - the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. More than $60,000 worth of renovations had to be made to the building's frame. Another hurdle they face is that airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building, an existing law that prohibits airships from flying low over the suburbs. The biggest obstacle was the violent draft that would spin the rear of the boat around the mooring mast.
I think the main problem for builders is making sure people can get out of the airship safely and into the actual building. They also need to make sure the airship doesn't catch fire to the Empire State Building if it approaches or hits it.
According to "Mooring Masts," the builders encountered several obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, they couldn't just put a mast on top of the building because it would put too much pressure on the building's frame. In addition, the pressure is transferred all the way to the building foundation, which is located 1100 feet below the mast. So, before they could build anything, they had to re-strengthen the entire structure of the Empire State Building. Eventually those obstacles were fixed, but those were the ones the builders fixed.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spaceship: @CAPS1 They chose the spaceship over the balloon because the fabric used in the spaceship is lighter. Second, their expanded use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone and consideration for the safety of passengers getting on and off
The first hurdle facing empire builders is the lack of a suitable landing zone. The second hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was that architects could not simply place mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building when trying to dock the spaceship were very difficult. hard. One difficulty they encountered was the nature of the mooring masts themselves. When the airships come to the building, the wind is constantly changing at the top of the building due to strong drafts, the only way they can moor is to hold them behind and use them at the Empire State Building with pedestrians below you, neither practical nor safe. Another hurdle for builders is current laws. The law prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The law would prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even near the area. It's a hindrance because there's nothing they can do about it because it's a government thing holding them back. These are just some of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock the spaceship.
In the 1920s, airships were considered the transportation of the future. While useful, the airship had problems, and New York City didn't have enough landing zones. With that in mind, Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building, where he would build a mooring mast atop the building. This will allow the spacecraft to park there for a few hours, refuel, and allow passengers to get on and off. At the time, the addition of the mooring mast seemed to be sufficient proof, but this new construction plan encountered a number of hurdles. The first hurdle was how to add mooring masts without adding stress to the building frame. The architects discovered that the ship's loads and wind pressure had to be transferred all the way to the building's foundation nearly 1,100 feet below. This led to the second hurdle, modifying and strengthening the Empire State Building's steel frame to fit the first. Finally, the third hurdle is cost. Modifying the building's new frame will cost more than $60,000. So Alsmith saw a huge opportunity for the Empire State Building, but he faced many hurdles.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2 by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in trying to get their ships docked there, "One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone." (paragraph 6). If the Dirigibles can't take the lead, it could wreak havoc and have very dangerous effects on people. In @NUM1 Al Smith's paragraph, Al Smith said it's a good level, no kidding, we're doing it now. This shows the reader that what he is saying sounds almost unreliable. In constructing the idea of Dirigibles, mooring masts had to be added to the top of the building to allow passengers to disembark and disembark. However, the idea was unsafe. "Airships moored in an open landing pad can be held down behind with lead weights, but with the Empire State Building, where they will be suspended above pedestrians on the street, it is neither practical nor safe. "(@NUM2 paragraph). It's not safe, why build something that's harmful to others. In this excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION1. Builders have a hard time building ships.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The most impactful obstacle is nature. According to the article, "the wind on top of the building has been moving." This will make it difficult to dock the spacecraft in the first place. If they even successfully docked, the rear of the craft would move and float. The only way to fix this is to add weight to the back of the airship. The weight would then float high above the pedestrian's head, which "is neither practical nor safe." Another huge obstacle to trying to dock the craft is the law. There was a law at the time that prohibited any type of aircraft from "flying too low over urban areas". As the paragraph states, "This law would make it illegal for ships to be moored to a building or even approach the area." @CAPS1, the idea of mooring masts was dropped.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there, "the architect couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building". A thousand-foot airship tethered to a top cap would add a lot of stress to the frame of the building. “The stress of the spacecraft loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. Otherwise, the Empire State Building could collapse. In order for the Empire State Building to withstand the additional loads, the architects had to retrofit and strengthen the existing frame of the building. In addition, due to the strong winds , the ornate mast will be difficult to raise on top of the Empire State Building. "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing". If the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the airship will rotate around the mooring mast. If When this happens, the airship can hit the Empire State Building or other buildings. It's not good for people on the street. Usually the land is in an open field. The airship can be weighed down on the back with lead. On top, hanging heavy objects over pedestrians is neither practical nor practical . Laws restricting airships from getting close to buildings are also passed.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship. One obstacle was that many modifications to the building frame had to be made. The ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred to the foundation of the building. Another reason builders face many hurdles is that most spacecraft use hydrogen rather than helium. This can be very dangerous if the fire is in a densely populated area. Another reason is that the rear of the craft rotates around the mooring mast due to the strong air currents. As it says in the @NUM1 page, @NUM2 paragraph, the spaceship would hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe. Finally, current law prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas, and it is illegal for airships to be strapped to or even near buildings. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship.
Builder @CAPS1 ran into a lot of problems when trying to build a spaceship dock on the Empire State Building, from legal to structural to logistical. First, there is a law that restricts airships from "flying too low over urban areas", as stated in paragraph @NUM1. In addition to this legal issue, builders @CAPS1 also tackled the structural issue of placing mooring masts on top of skyscrapers. According to the article, the stress and wind pressure of the spacecraft's load must be transferred to the base over 1,110 feet. Due to this added weight, modifications worth over $60,000 were made to the building, as described in paragraph @NUM2. The logistics of docking the spacecraft at such altitudes are also very challenging. In fact, half of the Empire State Building's spacecraft landing attempts were aborted by high winds. Although an airship landing mast would put the Empire State Building at the forefront of modern travel, it could not be achieved due to legal, structural and logistical concerns.
The builders encountered multiple obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the Empire State Building. If a thousand-foot ship tries to land on top of the Empire State Building, it "puts stress on the frame of the building" (paragraph @NUM1). Buildings must then be retrofitted to meet these needs. Nature also acts as a big obstacle. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (paragraph @NUM2). If the spacecraft attempted to land, its rear would spin around the landing zone, creating an unsafe environment. Finally, the government also prevented the spacecraft from docking on the building. There is "current law prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). These three main reasons prevented the spacecraft from landing on top of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced @NUM1 major hurdles. A major problem is that they use hydrogen, which is highly flammable, and they are located in densely populated areas. Another issue has to do with the law, as planes are not allowed to fly at low altitudes over urban areas. Strong winds at that altitude also made it impossible to land. The construction of the Empire State Building faced many problems.
They got a great idea to build that building, but the problem was always big, making plans, designing. It was so hard to build that building.
Workers erected many obstacles to keep the spacecraft docked on the Empire State Building. At first they thought they knew what they were doing, they were wrong. The first hurdle for workers was securing a stop at the Empire State Building. However, this is difficult to do because it is above civilians and if it falls it would be very serious. The second obstacle holding them back is wind pressure. This would lead to unreliable support of the mast, which would disrupt the docking of the spacecraft. In the end, the spaceship is the final piece of the catastrophe mystery. In the section "The Fate of the Mast", it is given that the spacecraft operates on extremely flammable hydrogen. This sentence alone suggests that it is not safe for the environment. So far, there have been a number of hurdles along the way to the mast. But docking is a completely different idea. A number of obstacles prevented builders from trying to get the ship to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. They had to deal with being in the air for so long and they also had to deal with trying to dock the ship on the roof while still keeping themselves safe
The Empire State Building does have a flat roof, but they can't just put the mooring mast on the roof because it would add stress to the frame. The cost of building a mooring mast would be more than $60,000. Building a mooring mast is not easy because the wind on top of the Empire State Building constantly changes direction; as a result, the airship spins around. "An airship moored in an open landing pad can be held down behind with lead weights, but with these Empire State Buildings, they will be suspended above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe." Then there's a law that planes shouldn't fly too low over urban areas. "Another practical reason why the Empire State Building cannot use airships is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas." There are many obstacles to landing a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring a Mast" Obstacles Builders Face When Building a Mast For A Spaceship To Dock There's a detailed hurdle for builders facing how to attach it. "Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. " One hurdle is the accrued update cost due to the first problem. "More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's frame." These obstacles prevented the mast from being used for its intended purpose.
The mast was built on purpose, but the people who built it never really realized the real dangers of the whole idea. While they should know, they should be aware that because the boat is integrally fixed to the mast, the boat is bound to sway on a windy day due to the lack of weight. Builders also have to remember that because the idea is big, they have to make it perfect. They have to realize that many other builders will try the concept, which means they have to lead by example. Otherwise, other builders will face major problems and people will be at risk. Builders and men who consider using weights to balance the weight of their ships. They need to find a safe way to do this, but unfortunately they can't. If they experienced it, one accident could kill a lot of people. Airships are a good idea, but they should consider these ideas before proceeding with construction.
In the "Mooring Mast" excerpt from @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 faces @CAPS2's problem. One problem they encountered was that "the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building" (@CAPS3.@NUM1). @CAPS1 had to modify and strengthen the building to fit the new situation. The ship is so big @CAPS8 they couldn't even fasten the back of it to the roof. @CAPS1 spent @CAPS6 time trying to figure out how the ship would land because the wind was @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS6 the pilot couldn't even control the ship. @CAPS1 Had to put in another $60k due to revisions. Al Smith was the one who came up with the idea. Then he realized it wouldn't work. @CAPS8 in @CAPS1 finished building it but Dirigibles couldn't be docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to dock an airship or blimp. First, the mooring masts must be added to the building. However, according to @ORGANIZATION2, "over $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the frame of the building" before the spacecraft could be moored to the mast. Second, outside the US, most craft use highly flammable hydrogen, not helium, as @ORGANIZATION2 @NUM1 suggests. After the German "Hindenburg" "was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION1", ship owners realized that mooring a ship in the center of New York is very dangerous. (@ORGANIZATION2 @NUM1). According to @ORGANIZATION2@NUM3, "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." High winds caused by drafts on top of buildings can cause moored airships to spin, and plumb bobs are used to counter this in such a densely populated area. The situation is dangerous. In December 1930, the US Navy ship Los @CAPS1 was unable to dock due to wind. Finally, an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas makes it illegal for ships to be tied to the mast anyway. (p @NUM4)
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's story "Mooring Masts," the Empire State Building builder hits a snag while building a spaceship dock. One of the problems they faced was not having a suitable landing zone. In the sixth paragraph, it said it would only allow the spacecraft to park there for a few hours. They also realized that most spacecraft from abroad use hydrogen, not helium, which is more flammable. In paragraph 13, they said the situation could have been worse if the accident happened over a densely populated area such as downtown New York.
@CAPS1 encountered many hurdles in building the Empire State Building and allowing Dirigibles to @CAPS2. One of the obstacles is expanding usage in New York City. As stated in paragraph 6 on page @NUM1, "One barrier to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones". Another obstacle to using mooring masts is nature itself. Also said on pg @NUM2 paragraph @NUM3. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself". @CAPS3 obstacles are weather examples @NUM5 on page @NUM4 paragraph @NUM5 “@ORGANIZATION2 ship Los Angeles approaching mooring masts but cannot get close to mooring due to strong winds.” @CAPS4 is @NUM2 allowing airship @CAPS2 to face obstacles near the Empire State Building A concluding example.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Some of these obstacles are the pressure and wind pressure of the spacecraft's payload. This happens because "wind pressure has to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building," which means they have to go down nearly 1,100 feet. Another obstacle was their discovery that "the Empire State Building's mooring masts were doomed to never fulfill their purpose." The reason for this is because it should be obvious before the build. These are just a few of the many obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
The hurdles facing the builders of the Empire State Building are many things around safety and money issues. Successfully docking a ship means spending more than @MONEY1 to arrange buildings. Also, the gas carried by the airship, the danger to people below the city, and many safety issues, it is illegal for an airship to fly so low.
The Empire State Building had trouble trying to dock their ship. The builders tried to build a docking station for the spacecraft, but the only problem they encountered was safely docking thousands of feet in the air. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. Winds in New York will also make it difficult to land. Another reason airships can't be parked at the Empire State Building is the law about airships flying too low in urban areas. Not only illegal, but also unsafe. Most spacecraft from the United States are made with a highly flammable gas called hydrogen. A German spacecraft has been destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad it could be in a densely populated area like New York.
The idea of the Empire State Building being used to dock spaceships might seem absurd now, but when it was built, that's what the top mast was originally used for. Of course, there are many reasons why this plan did not materialize. First, "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas," making it impossible to legally bind airships to buildings. Additionally, high-power airflow on top of the building can cause the docked airship to sway uncontrollably, making it a safety hazard. Finally, many non-US craft use hydrogen instead of helium to fly, and if the craft exploded over cities like the Hindenburg, it would be extremely dangerous for civilians. These reasons lend credence to the idea that the Empire State Building will not be a safe space for docking spaceships.
According to the excerpt, the hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to dock blimps to their buildings were that foreign blimps used highly flammable hydrogen gas instead of helium, the wind on top of the building changed drastically, and illegally flew in urban areas. too low. First, foreign airships that use hydrogen are very dangerous because of the high risk that they will explode. This only happened to the builders when the German airship Hindenburg caught fire on May 6, 1937. After the tragedy, they "realized that the accident could have gotten worse if it had happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York City." If the incident had happened in New York City, many more people would have lost their lives. More people will die, which will lead to greater fiasco. Also, the wind direction above the building is constantly changing, which can make the airship unstable. The article explains, "Even when the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." The changing winds are a torment to the stern. Thanks to the tether, the front will be held in place, but the rear will sway and swing freely in the wind. Pedestrians below would be in high danger, making the idea impractical. Finally, the law makes it illegal to even get close to a building, let alone park on it. The article put it this way, "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas...this would make it illegal for ships to park on buildings or even approach the area.... .." The builder just can't use the dock unless the law changes. The law was made to protect pedestrians and innocent bystanders, and it would be a violation of that law to drive a ship to the Empire State Building. In summary, the three obstacles preventing the use of the Empire State Building are the hydrogen used in foreign airships, the unpredictable winds that spin the craft, and laws that prohibit planes from flying too low over urban areas.
While a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building was a well thought out plan, it presented some obstacles for the builders. The biggest problem is security. Most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is a highly flammable product, rather than helium. If there is an accident such as a fire at the Empire State Building mooring mast, it is not safe to have an accident around millions of people like New York City. Another factor that affects architecture is nature. The wind above is constantly changing due to the currents. The only way to tether an airship is to use a heavy object, but it is also extremely unsafe to hang over a city. The final issue is that current laws prohibit airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for boats to even try to connect to buildings, so it makes it nearly impossible for builders to work.
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced some huge hurdles. One obstacle is that they have to make sure the airship can dock safely. They must ensure that passengers can get on and off safely. Finally, they had to make sure the building wouldn't collapse while the mooring masts were being built. These examples show that builders faced many obstacles in building the Empire State Building.
The building wasn't designed to take the extra weight of having a spaceship mounted on top. And the airship has to drop weights from behind to hold it in place, if the lead weights are hanging more than @NUM1 feet in the air, it's not very safe. The masts are constructed of glass, which can be dangerous if the ship cannot stop and go straight into the tower. Also, the electronic winch station doesn't seem to work very well.
The hurdle facing @CAPS1 at the Empire State Building is a law that prohibits airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas. The other problem facing the Empire State Building @CAPS1 was that the US Navy was approaching the mooring masts at driigble in Los Angeles, but couldn't get close enough to tie up due to strong winds. The first hurdle @CAPS1 ran into when trying to allow drigibles to dock was "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". The law would prohibit ships from flying over buildings. The second reason the builders ran into obstacles when trying to dock the ship was in "1930 US Navy ship Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but couldn't get close enough to tie up because of strong winds they @CAPS3 winds would blow the ship to sharp spires" .These are the hurdles the Empire State Building @CAPS1 faces when it allows docking.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. Al Smith (four-term New York governor who built the Empire State Building) was determined to surpass the height of the Chrysler Building. He built a 185-foot spire and hoisted it to the top of @ORGANIZATION1, and he was determined to go beyond the heights by placing a mooring mast on top of the building. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The wind will constantly move the masts. “But using these at @ORGANIZATION3, they will clink above pedestrians in the street, which is neither practical nor safe.” The airships can’t be docked at the Empire State Building due to laws prohibiting them from flying too low over urban areas. This makes it illegal for boats to be tied up on buildings. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles in allowing the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mooring masts at the top of the building. The main problem may be that foreign spacecraft do not use helium, but hydrogen. Using hydrogen is a big problem because hydrogen is extremely flammable. If something does go wrong, it will pose a threat to densely populated New York City, assuming the spacecraft catches fire. If the spaceship exploded, New Yorkers wouldn't have enough time to escape from the explosion. Another problem is wind. The wind could easily blow the ship out of a worse route, into the spire at the top of the building and pierce it. The problem was discovered when the USS Los Angeles tried to reach the mooring mast. The captain could not get close to the mast. These obstacles and hazards show that mooring masts are a bad idea. The builders later realized this.
The Empire State Building was faced with trying to build New York's tallest building because they wanted to be so big, and they've been working on it for so many years.
In Marcia Amidon @CAPS1's artistic "Mooring Masts," the hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders trying to get their spaceships docked there, a team of engineers in New York are trying to come up with a practical arrangement, and the government in Washington is thinking Way to moor the airship to this mast. Architects couldn't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, with a single person securing the cable tethers, would add stress to the building's frame. The load of the ship and the pressure of the wind had to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, nearly 1,110 feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. More than $60,000 worth of renovations had to be made to the building's frame.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there for three reasons. One of these reasons is that it is close to the city and not tall (short). The second reason is because the wind spins the airship around the mast. The third reason is because the German airship is full of hydrogen, which would explode if reheated. @LOCATION1 The airship is filled with helium.
Three major obstacles were encountered when constructing the Empire State Building's spaceship dock: wind, structure, and safety. Wind is the most obvious drawback of the landing pier, as there are strong wind currents on top of the building. It's one thing to land on the dock perfectly, but it's impossible to stay there because you'll be whipped. "[@ORGANIZATION2 dirigible Los Angeles] is concerned that the wind will blow the ship onto the spires of other buildings in the area, which will pierce the outer shell." (@NUM1 paragraph) The problem of constructing the masts to support the balloons will also be a structure The conundrum, because "[they] couldn't simply put the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@NUM2 paragraph) to make the structure sound enough to land the ship, they would have to make $60,000 worth of modifications to the frame. In the end, landing a giant metal balloon on the largest skyscraper, more than millions of city dwellers, even though they knew the balloon was highly flammable, was one of the reasons why the mooring masts didn't work. There were two unsuccessful attempts to land, and now the mast is there just for decoration.
Builders and architects faced many problems with the project to expand the Empire State Building to 1,250 feet tall. Although they planned the steps to build a mooring mast on top it was unrealistic. This is unrealistic as this has never been done on top of a building before. Another hurdle they face is the safety of passengers, in general, because most craft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than the highly flammable helium. Another hurdle they faced was the weather, as violent air currents that landed the airship on top of windy buildings were also dangerous for those on board, and could crash into other buildings by spinning in the air from the wind. The final hurdle for the builders is that their project is illegal, in violation of federal law, since the spacecraft will be flying close to urban areas such as New York City, making it impossible to complete, as seen in paragraph @NUM1. In this paragraph, it states that "The Empire State Building's mooring mast is doomed to never fulfill its purpose for reasons that should have been obvious before it was built. This shows the professors that the project could not be built.
Ultimately, it became clear that the whole concept of Al @ORGANIZATION1 on the Empire State Building was strategically flawed. It's Al Smith's dream, but dreams don't always come true. In theory, Mooring @ORGANIZATION3 will be built to dock balls. However, it turns out that the docking station on the Empire State Building could never be. The reason Al Smith's dream could never become a reality was the many obstacles that Smith and the builder encountered. One hurdle facing the construction of @ORGANIZATION3 is location. When the landing zone is 1,250 feet above the ground, it is very difficult to test and complete a perfect landing zone, much more difficult than on the ground. Also, it is safe to have such high wind speeds at such heights. That is, the higher the altitude @CAPS1, the higher the air pressure, the "violent airflow" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) @CAPS1 will have, creating a very unsafe environment. Second, another aspect of the location is that it's in densely populated New York City, and if anything goes wrong, expect a lot of casualties. In the end, a big hurdle for Smith and builders is technology, and in @DATE1 and the 1930s, the amount of technology and engineering certainly couldn't compare to what's prevalent in today's society.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was that Al Smith built a 185-foot spire inside the building to make it taller. By @DATE1, a new type of airship known as an airship is being hailed as the transportation of the future. They are like airships, but filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter. In New York City, they lacked a landing zone suitable for an airship. El Smith added a mooring mast to the top of the building so they could tie down the ropes from the front of the boat.
@CAPS1 at the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship docked there. One hurdle is a law that says airships can't fly too low over cities, meaning they can't be docked at the Empire State Building. Another hurdle is that foreign airships fly on hydrogen instead of helium, which is very flammable, so the use of hydrogen airships at @LOCATION1 creates public safety concerns. In the end, nature will prove to be the biggest obstacle, as the wind can get very violent and cause the airship to possibly unravel from the building or fall. All in all, @CAPS1 at the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship docked there.
Workers encountered many obstacles in the process of building the mooring mast. The first reason is high winds. The wind blew the ship to its knees. If an accident occurs, it will be catastrophic. Second, the law blocks the idea. New York passed a law banning spacecraft from flying over urban areas. The reason behind the law was due to a German airship accident in New Jersey. Finally, and probably the easiest, there is no clear way to land! Landing gear hadn't been invented yet, so even trying to land would be too risky. All in all, the idea was way ahead of its time, which is good and bad in most ways.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION2 have a lot of hurdles. Al Smith realizes he's about to lose his title as the world's tallest building. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of suitable landing zones. A mooring mast was added to the top of the building, allowing the spacecraft to park there for hours for refueling. The spacecraft is docked by electric winches. Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. More than $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framing. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature itself. An airship moored in an open landing pad can be weighed down behind with lead weights. The law would prohibit ships from docking on the building or even approaching the area, although two ships did try to reach the building before the whole idea was abandoned. Afraid of the wind blowing the spacecraft
The dream of aviation pioneers to dock their ships on the Empire State Building created obstacles for the builders. The building's mooring mast was "destined to never fulfill its purpose," and the authors suggest that the building should not have been built because of all these obscure obstacles. One obstacle they faced was high winds at the top of the building due to drafts. Ships are difficult to dock. A "quad-segment" long airship filled with helium and hydrogen will be suspended high up, making it unsafe for millions of people on the street. In December 1930, due to strong winds, the spacecraft Los Angeles could not get close enough to the mooring mast. Another hurdle for builders is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The Columbia airship attempted to deliver bundles of newspapers to the building and ended up with newspapers hanging from the airship's ropes because the ship's moorings had never been installed. Therefore, "the final installation of the landing gear is expected to be postponed to a later date", which has given the aircraft the designation "Transportation of the Future".
The builders of the Empire State Building had some problems installing the dock for the ship. First of all, due to the structure of the tower @CAPS1, the sheer height of the building makes it dangerous to grab the ship, and if it crashes, it will fall onto the streets of the big city. Finally, most ships are filled with hydrogen and are very flammable. That's why mooring masts are dangerous.
The mooring mast has two obstacles @CAPS1, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Another reason is that blimps cannot be legally moored at @ORGANIZATION1 to prevent blimps from flying too low over urban areas. They tried to get close, but couldn't get close due to strong winds. In the 1830s, the @ORGANIZATION3 spacecraft Los Angeles approached the berth, but didn't. So they built low-to-securities for urban areas.
According to the excerpt, the builders encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One objection was that "most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." This could be a big threat to nearby pedestrians. Moreover, another obstacle is "nature itself". The wind is constantly changing, which is dangerous for the spacecraft. A final example of an obstacle is "current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". This would be dangerous if the airship lost control and injured pedestrians. These are some examples from @CAPS1, where the builders encountered many obstacles trying to get the ship to dock there.
The builders of @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring @CAPS1 faced a number of hurdles in their efforts to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building. To ensure safety and eliminate pressure loads and stress problems on the building, the building needs to be "modified and reinforced to fit" the airship, and these modifications will cost up to $60,000. Many airships are filled with hydrogen, an extremely flammable substance that could put buildings and New York City at great risk if the airship exploded. It was difficult to control the airship and keep it stationary for passenger safety due to "constantly changing winds at the top of the building due to strong air currents". There is also a law banning the height of airships in urban areas. Using the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building would make it illegal because the mast is too low. These difficult obstacles proved too difficult to overcome. Because the mast is not seriously used by the airship.
The builders of the Empire State Building had a hard time getting the spacecraft to dock there. Along the way, they had to face many obstacles. One obstacle is that they have been trying to make the building taller. Al Smith competed fiercely with the architects who built the Chrysler Building in New York City. Smith wanted it to be bigger, and by expanding it, it made the pier more dangerous and difficult to get there. Another obstacle is the weather at the top of the building. The wind at that altitude is very strong, and in a densely populated area, they don't want an accident. It is very dangerous to have a doctor go to the Empire State Building.
New York is known as the "city that never sleeps". New Yorkers are always awake and running on the streets. These New Yorkers had plenty of concerns when four-term Gov. Al Smith wanted to erect a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building. with people who are building buildings. These issues include legal, safety and construction. If mooring masts were built, the law they had to worry about was that the airship would fly too low in urban areas. This law makes it illegal for boats to be on buildings or even near the area. Another major concern is security. These craft contain highly flammable hydrogen. If the spacecraft catches fire over New York City, the damage could be tragic. The construction of the mast was impossible because they never planned to build it before starting the project In general, the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building was never really meant to be built. After the idea of creating a mooring mast started, too many factors and obstacles got in the way.
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. They had to find a way to keep the ship from spinning around the top of the tower. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." This means the airship will rotate around the mast unless tethered. The next problem or obstacle is making the building structure strong enough to withstand the tension caused by the airship. “More than $60,000 worth of renovations to the building’s frame had to be done. The next challenge was to create a safe environment for pedestrians below. That wasn’t possible because the city was already built underneath. The drigibles” would hang high It is neither practical nor safe above pedestrians on the street. Apparently, the builders hit a snag when trying to get the ship to dock on the building.
builders, facing
Al Smith and his workers went through a lot when building the building. For example, when building it, they had to transfer the stress of the ship's load all the way to the building's foundation, which was about 1,100 feet below. After that, they will have to modify and strengthen the frame of the building to suit the new situation. The biggest obstacle in the whole process is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Safety was the main hurdle Smith had to face when building the building. Smith thought the ship could be used on buildings, but he had little idea how dangerous it would be to use it. Since most ships other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, using hydrogen means highly flammable.
In the novel, @CAPS1 at the Empire State Building is faced with trying to get the ship docked there, because in the novel it says "a thousand-foot ship moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, increases the pressure to The frame of the building." The phrase says that the ship will increase the stress on the building and the risk of @CAPS2 collapsing.
They had a lot of problems trying to dock there. It shouldn't have been made in the first place. Many things are to be expected. They had no landing gear and the wind was too strong for the boat to dock near the mast. The person who created this looked at the possibility that it wouldn't work, and just seemed eager to build it. They don't have a landing gear, so it's hard to stabilize it and dock it. The wind is unpredictable and blows the balloons around. On top of that, when they slowed down and there was no wind, it still couldn't get close to the stop. These are the @CAPS1 issues they face.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The weight of the spacecraft is supported by a cable tether that "must be transferred all the way to the base of the building", which is well below. Passengers and civilians aboard the New York spacecraft would be in grave danger if the cable tether breaks. Such cable tethers are too risky to use. For the wind on top of the building, it is impossible for the builders to overcome nature and its "violent air currents". These currents can cause docking that can be too time consuming and dangerous. Builders and architects have tried to reverse this obstacle by "pressing down on the back with lead weights". This is "neither practical nor safe" because of the potential danger of heavy objects falling and hitting New York pedestrians. The builders and architects of this magnificent project had to wrestle with many massive obstacles to dock at the Empire State Building.
Some hurdles for builders are that they have to make many changes, for example they can't just put a mast on the flat roof of the building. Airships can stress a building supported by a single cable. The airship's load and pressure from the wind must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation. @CAPS1 may have to step up to accommodate this new situation. More than $60,000 was spent on the new frame.
Building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building that would function and allow the spaceship to dock there was a very challenging task for those who built the Empire State Building. Because the building was not originally designed to support the extra weight and size of the mooring masts, the architects had to reframe the entire building. The architects revised the plan to strengthen the building's steel frame so that it could withstand the additional pressure of the mooring masts. While builders have been able to address this, there are still many hurdles that cannot be avoided. One of them is the danger of trying to control the ship. The spacecraft are often filled with highly flammable hydrogen, which would threaten the safety of the citizens of densely populated New York City. Additionally, airships are traditionally held down with lead when docked to prevent them from floating in the wind. This can't be done on the Empire State Building because it means lead bricks are constantly hanging over pedestrians. In addition to all these practical obstacles, it is illegal for aircraft to fly over urban areas, which is the last obstacle preventing the use of mooring masts.
During the construction of the mooring mast, there are many obstacles. Designers have to think they are on their side. It's easy to know that you can't just climb to the top and start building. It's up for debate. Excerpted description, "The stress of the spacecraft loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building..." (@CAPS1). Just adding it would destroy the structure and foundation of the building. Security is an issue. People realize that having something as highly flammable as a spaceship is a bad idea. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium..." (@CAPS1). Following the recent fires, it was noted that the idea is now dangerous. Control is an issue in this city; not an open field. "...the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast" (@CAPS1). For most people, this won't "fly" and it's nearly impossible to keep it in @CAPS4 for people to load. Designers face many problems when building a building, but in this case, the mooring mast is not suitable.
As @ORGANIZATION1 describes in "The Mooring Mast", the Empire State Building was destined to reach new limits never reached or even thought of in the architecture world, a determined effort was made in building the mast that not only made the Empire State Building the tallest The building, at @NUM1 ft, while also serving a useful purpose, is a radical dream with intuitive design and lofty goals. Unfortunately, the reality of successfully accomplishing this far-flung destination is slim as the problem gradually arises. The biggest hurdle is "...one of safety: most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is flammable." Add to that the fact that, at such high altitudes, violent The airflow needed to hold down lead weights to prevent extreme movement served as a serious warning for safety in densely populated New York City around the Empire State Building. As the usefulness of the hopeful Moore's mast diminished , it became... "Hopefully the final installation of the landing gear will be released at a later date." The use of the Moore's mast "quietly disappeared," ending the radical dream.
Al Smith had a vision; creating a website for modern travel. Smith faced many obstacles and worked tirelessly to turn his vision into reality. The pressure of a thousand-foot spaceship was a lot of pressure on the original frame of the Empire State Building. Changes beyond @MONEY1 had to be made to strengthen the building frame. In addition, the builders designed a mast, which is rocket-shaped and made of aluminum, to accommodate the mooring arms, and the control machinery is located in the shaft. Provide elevators and stairs for passengers on board. Another obstacle they had to face was the lack of floors that could serve as passenger boarding areas. They have already started building additional floors with glass viewing areas and boarding areas. Although the airship's mooring mast was a fiasco, Al Smith and many architects attempted to make every possible modification to realize Smith's vision for the fate of the Empire State Building
According to an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle, they had to secure the mooring masts for passengers to get on and off. Architects have engineers and similar jobs. Another hurdle the architects had to tackle was fitting the mooring masts to the building. So they had to add more than $60,000 to the frame of the building to make the mooring masts strong. Once the mooring mast was up, they "celebrated framing the whole building" and another question arose "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast is nature itself", the changing wind direction caused the craft to rotate the mooring mast. In the end, they solved all the problems and got the building ready for use, and then the biggest hurdle came, airships became illegal, and planes became the new means of transportation. Builders of the Empire State Building encountered too many hurdles and failed
As builders dreamed of the Empire State Building got bigger, so did the renovations they needed to make. First, they need to research and design a safe and practical way to dock the spacecraft. This was quickly accomplished with the help of naval and government research. The next struggle was the structure of the building. Adding a mast that adds weight to the ship and a nacelle on top of the sky scraper affects the frame. To make the building structurally sound, the frame was modified to withstand the additional stress. Even with research and modifications, the docking system was never in place. The strong and variable winds above the Empire State Building would not allow an airship to truly dock safely, so the idea was quickly abandoned. Safety and wind are two challenges that builders cannot overcome.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in bringing Al Smith's plans to life. One of them is that "flying an aircraft too low over an urban area" is illegal. If breaking the law isn't a big enough hurdle, the safety of New York's citizens also comes into play. Most ships are dangerous because of their flammability. So one wrong move could kill a lot of people, another big hurdle to play "if it [explodes] in a densely populated area of Densley" is the airship's lightness, which would allow its rear "to wrap around the tie" The mooring mast rotates. " The only way to stop this is to put citizens at risk again.
The hurdle facing the construction of the Empire State Building was that they had to make it solid. They also had to make sure that the spacecraft didn't damage the building when it landed. They also had to be careful that the saucer would hit the building when it fell from the newspaper. Another hurdle at work is that the pendant doesn't land easily. In the end, they have to make sure that nothing is amiss and it works.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the airship to dock on the building. Engineers realized from the start that even if they could dock the airship, it would put extra stress on the building structure. To solve this problem, they had to reinforce the entire building. Beyond that, the docking of the airship is inherently dangerous. it could easily be destroyed like the hindenburg
Because of the height of the building, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, especially when constructing the mooring masts. First, there were concerns about how to distribute the weight of the spacecraft evenly, due to the supposedly expected height of the mast. The structure of the spacecraft and the fact that it is lighter than air is crucial to understanding this. With that in mind, builders had to figure out how to get the entire building to support the weight of the spacecraft, not just the top mast. If the ship was only supported by the mast itself, the weight of the ship could pull the mast straight out of the building. Another hurdle faced by builders was the delicate nature of the mooring masts. The masts are not made commercially but more like a luxury, mostly made of glass due to the many windows. This made the installation of the mast more difficult as they had to observe the installation of the mast from various areas. Builders faced many hurdles in ensuring the Empire State Building could be used for spaceship docking.
Faced with the prospect of building the world's tallest building, Al Smith refused to give up. To achieve his goal, he decided to build a spaceship docking mast on his new creation. But this genius idea brought one obstacle after another, preventing it from coming to fruition. One hurdle for Al Smith, and by far the biggest, is security. Most non-US ships use hydrogen in their ships, which is highly flammable. The owners of the Empire State Building realized how bad it would be if there was a violent explosion "over densely populated areas like downtown New York." Another huge obstacle is nature itself. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". This makes it impossible for the ship to be moored without the back of the ship rotating around the mooring mast.
The hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock their spacecraft included safety concerns, nature itself, and the law. Safety is a big concern when the spacecraft is docked in densely populated areas like New York City. "Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable." After the accident in New Jersey, the Empire State Building owners realized that the accident would have been worse if it had happened in New York City. Nature creates a lot of obstacles in life, like wind, it's hard to dock a big ship. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will spin. They will hang over unsafe people. " There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This law will prohibit ships from being tied to the building." Before the law was repealed, two craft tried to reach the building. Safety, nature, and laws prevent Al @CAPS1's dream from becoming a reality. Those hurdles were faced by builders trying to get the spacecraft docked at the Empire State Building.
Architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. When they tried to build it, there wasn't enough space, so they tried to force it, but @CAPS1 screwed everything up. "The thousand-foot ship is moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, and the building's frame has no stress." Sometimes when they try to add things that make the building heavier and more prone to collapse . They try to add more just to make it look better, but what they don't know is that falling more only pays off.
The biggest obstacle to successfully using or mooring a mast is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Laws that prohibit airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted shares some of the obstacles encountered when trying to get the airship to land on top of the Empire State Building. Lüsted discusses natural, safety, legal and architectural obstacles in "Mooring Masts". Naturally there was a huge setback in docking the airship. As Lüsted wrote, "Even if the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast". The safety of docking airships at the Empire State Building has also become an issue. "The Empire State Building owners realized that the accident could have been worse if it had happened over downtown New York rather than in the fields." Laws in effect at the time made it illegal for airships to fly too low over downtown. The law made it impossible to dock the spacecraft in New York City. Building just one mooring mast required "modifications worth over NUM1 dollars" and a lot of time and planning. As Lüsted puts it, "The Empire State Building's mooring masts are doomed to fail their purpose". There are too many obstacles trying to get a ship to dock on the Empire State Building. The laws, security, construction and nature of the time were too much of a setback for the effort.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One hurdle is building the mooring masts to be added to the top of the building. Although this is a good idea, it is very complicated. Another reason includes the law @CAPS1. Current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. NYC is definitely not the city of this idea as there are a lot of people walking around @CAPS2 and there are a lot of buildings around. This idea of docking a spaceship on the Empire State Building will @CAPS3 end with the invention of the airplane. The idea of @CAPS4 is gone.
Al Smith's idea of making the Empire State Building bigger was a very difficult task. Also, it was difficult to use the top of the building as a docking area for the new airship. One hurdle that builders face when building a dock for a spaceship is keeping the building frame from stressing. If builders wanted to fix this, it would involve building foundations below 1,100 feet. The framing of the building will cost too much. The pressure on the building will come from the airship's load and wind pressure. Another hurdle for builders is wind. Strong air currents cause the building to move constantly. They don't want to use lead weights because it's too dangerous. Because they hang at a predetermined height. One law that builders must consider when building is the law against airships flying too low. Builders must keep in mind a number of obstacles when constructing a dock.
The main obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building had to face were mainly safety and nature itself. Safety is paramount as their goal is to land the ship on top of the building and they need to make sure it's completely safe. In a read it states "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is flammable." @CAPS1 It's flammable and builders realize how dangerous it can be, especially in something like NYC densely populated areas. One of the biggest hurdles right now, besides safety, is nature. Installing a mooring mask at the steep height on top of the Empire State Building presents a number of weather- and atmosphere-related difficulties. The wind on top of the building is always changing, which makes it difficult for the airship to land. Nothing can be done about the spacecraft due to unsustainable airflow. "Even if the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." Safety and nature were the main obstacles to building the Empire State Building due to rough winds and the suboptimal design of the airship.
The builders had a lot of problems with docking the Empire State Building with the @CAPS1 ship. The first problem they faced was the wind on top of the building. When the Navy ship USS Los Angeles tried to dock on the building, the wind didn't allow it to get close enough to not get out of control as it hit another building. This made the spacecraft unable to dock, so Los Angeles abandoned. Another reason builders have problems docking the Empire State Building with @CAPS1 ships is that there is a law that airships other than @CAPS2 can fly low in urban areas. The law would prevent any and all airships from approaching buildings, so they would not be able to dock.
In @ORGANIZATION1's The Mooring Mast, many contractors are determined to build a mast on the Empire State Building to approve the use of airships or blimps as the future of air travel. There are a number of hurdles in achieving this goal. Having a spaceship docked on the Empire State Building was a brilliant idea, but it also proved to be an impossible theory. The first problem was the weight of the airship mixed with the malevolent winds that eventually shattered the beautiful framed buildings. "The stress from the spacecraft loads and wind pressure had to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was located nearly 1,100 feet below." The architects quickly solved the problem as they impulsively spent more than $60,000 on the building's foundation. Objects have been modified to support this flaw, but that's not the only problem. The second major problem is the hydrogen that fills these airships. "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." Hydrogen is prone to fires, a problem of greatest concern in densely populated cities such as New York City. The biggest obstacle is nature. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." Airships fly over thousands of civilians, and uncontrolled aircraft due to high winds are unsafe. The final impractical reason this idea is unrealistic is because the law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. All these obstacles make building a mast on the Empire State Building just a dream. Al Smith, architect of the Empire State Building, came up with a fascinating idea. While they were great, they didn't work. Between the environment, wind, the use of hydrogen and safety laws, his dream was just a hoax. These obstacles prevented construction from proceeding. Al Smith has an amazing imagination, bad luck.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts", the builders of the mooring masts had to face the obstacles that prevented the spacecraft from successfully docking. First, the architect had to design the mast. They knew that the frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened to withstand the loads and wind pressure of the ship. As a result, they "designed the mooring masts, making changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton" and planned to rebuild the building and masts. Workers are excited about their plans and are ready to watch the revolutionary moment begin. However, once they realized that there were many problems with their construction plan, they faced many obstacles that hindered the implementation of the plan. "Most craft ... use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is highly flammable," proving the mooring masts are unsafe and could lead to potential accidents. In addition, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". Shows the insecurity of the ship on board. Finally, the law imposes restrictions on airships flying too low, and airships would violate that law. Although the builders wanted to provide a launch pad for the airship and had an ideal design, there were too many glitches to make the mooring mast impossible. Apparently, the builders faced a number of unsolvable problems when trying to dock the ship
The idea of a mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building seemed like a grandiose idea when it was built, but it had many hurdles to overcome. Builders first had to make "over $60,000 worth of remodels" to the building's steel frame. This would strengthen the building material to resist the pressure generated by the docked ship. Adding a mooring mast is not as simple as placing one on top of a building. So the builders built a massive stainless steel enclosure to accommodate the passengers. This enclosure also has an elevator and stairs that take passengers to the eighty-fifth floor. Finally, the builders had to finish the roof before they could frame the mast with steel. The mooring mast concept was ingenious, although it was quickly found to be of minimal practicality. Not to mention the fact that the builder was a thousand feet tall. This idea presents many challenges.
The Empire State Building wants to have spaceships docked on top. To do this, a mast needs to be built on top so the ship can hang up and refuel. They ran into a lot of problems right away and kept running into them. The first problem many people have is that they can't just put a mast on top because it will be unstable and put a lot of stress on the structure. To prevent this, what they ended up doing was modifying and strengthening the entire structure, costing over $60,000. Once they figured out how to balance all the wind pressure, they had to think about how to bring the airship in, and the answer was a simple electric winch. The next issue is safety, the craft outside @LOCATION1 uses highly flammable hydrogen which, if exploded, would be bad for the densely populated city below. Another safety issue is nature's wildly changing winds, to address the problem on the ground they drop the back with lead weights to keep it from wobbling, but it's probably not safe to do so in the air with a lot of people. The final nail in the coffin of the plan is that there is a law requiring airships to fly too low in urban areas.
The obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was the wind at the top of the Empire State Building. This is because in the @NUM1 paragraph it states "The building is constantly moving due to strong air currents." This problem would make the ship spin in the air. Another hurdle is that the airships use highly flammable hydrogen and helium.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, such as strong winds and how they docked their spaceships when it was illegal to fly planes at low altitudes near the city. One hurdle for builders is the safety of the airships, which are moored on crowded streets filled with people and strong winds. Most ships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable, so any foreign ship anchored to the Empire State Building would pose a safety concern, as strong winds on top of the building could cause an accident that would cause the airship to explode and potentially endanger pedestrians. Another hurdle for builders is the law making it illegal for spacecraft to dock on buildings, as it is illegal for planes to fly low near cities, and getting the government to allow them is a lengthy process.
Builders faced so many hurdles on the Empire State Building spaceship. One of the biggest hurdles is nature itself, like the wind on top of a building changing due to dangerous drafts. The rear of the craft will rotate around the mooring mast. Airships would hang above pedestrians on the street, making them neither practical nor safe. Current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The parked spaceship on the Empire State Building has many obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to build a docking station for the spaceship. They first needed to make modifications to @MONEY1 to strengthen the building to "fit for this new situation". However, this was an obstacle they were able to overcome. The next problem is that most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is flammable, and it was only after the Hindenburg caught fire that people realized how potentially dangerous the idea of docking was. Another problem is the weather. High winds can cause problems when the spacecraft is trying to dock. Most importantly, the list of issues is a "law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." @CAPS1, there are so many hurdles for builders to overcome, the mooring mast has never been successful.
The builders ran into serious obstacles when trying to get the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. The biggest and most important obstacle they face is safety. If a plan isn't completely secure, it shouldn't happen. With winds so strong, the Empire State Building may not be stable enough. Also, most airships or airships use hydrogen instead of helium, which would be extremely dangerous if the airship caught fire. Especially in a crowded place like New York. This is another problem with landing an airship at the Empire State Building. Another obstacle is wind. An airship cannot land unless it is held down by lead weights, which is also not very safe for people walking freely in New York City. These Problems Are Why Airships Can't Land at the Empire State Building
In order to make the Empire State Building taller than the Chrysler Building, the builders ran into some hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the obstacles is for security reasons. Ships outside the U.S. use hydrogen, not helium. Hydrogen is more flammable, which made builders realize that if an accident like a German spacecraft was destroyed by a fire in New Jersey, it would be worse if it happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York. As we all know, one of the biggest obstacles to trying to use a mooring mast is traversing nature. If the ship is tied to the mooring mast, its rear will move around due to the wind on top of the building. The actual hurdles facing builders are mandated by law. Current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. It is illegal to tie a spaceship to a building. But as the years passed, the idea of using a mooring mast disappeared and no more obstacles were faced.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many hurdles in allowing the spaceship to dock there. "One of the biggest reasons is safety," the authors said. Ships use hydrogen more frequently than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If the ship catches fire or crashes, it can be very dangerous in densely populated areas. Another obstacle is nature. The authors wrote, "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow." The wind was too much for the spacecraft. The last reason they can't dock is because it's illegal. The story says, "...is an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." This law makes docking illegal. The ships faced many obstacles that did not allow them to dock at the Empire State Building.
Airships have a top speed of 80 miles per hour, and they can cruise for thousands of miles at 70 miles per hour without needing refueling. Some are a thousand feet long, as long as four in New York City. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York is the lack of a suitable landing zone. The biggest obstacle to successfully using a mooring mast is nature, a window on top of it has always been @CAPS1 because of the biological air.
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the workers who built the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the airship or airship to dock there. In the beginning, Al Smith, who built the Empire State Building, really wanted to earn "...the title of the tallest building in the world...", not the architect who built the Chrysler Building. Then Al Smith had an idea to make his building more than NUM1 taller than the Chrysler Building. Al Smith decided he would add a mooring mast to the building as a removable mast. "The Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." "Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made...". "The Empire State Building's architects and engineers consulted experts..." to make sure everything was safe. The builders went through such trouble, "the Empire State Building's mooring masts were doomed to never fulfill their purpose...". After so much work and effort, the mooring masts were never put into service because "the spaceships were moored at...the Empire State Building, and they would be suspended above pedestrians in the street, neither practical nor safe."
When building the Empire State Building, the builders had to overcome many obstacles to get the ship to dock there. The first hurdle is what the ship will be attached to. The builders thought that docking could be made easier by adding mooring masts, although they ignored the building's foundation. The builders realized the foundation wasn't strong enough to hold the ship, so they spent more than $60,000 extra to reinforce it. Builders must then brainstorm how passengers will board, and where luggage and ticketing will be. To solve this problem, a glass viewing area and open viewing platform were built. Another hurdle is existing airship laws that dictate how low they can fly. The spacecraft clearly violated this law and the idea of docking with a mast. After a failed attempt at docking, the idea faded, and the builder realized the plan would never work.
The idea of turning the top of the Empire State Building into a spaceship @CAPS1 is a good idea and could help with the problem of not having a large enough area for the spaceship to land. However, the flaws in this idea were not discovered until the construction of the building was completed. One flaw is that the violent airflow keeps the wind moving around the building and makes the back of the ship move in circle after circle until eventually the back of the ship hits the building. Another flaw is that most spacecraft are filled with a highly flammable gas called hydrogen. If the ship exploded and caught fire like the Hindenburg in Lakehurst, NJ on May 6, 1937, the flaming shells would land on people around the building. Even if these flaws have been fixed, there is already a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas, making it illegal if the blimp landed successfully on the Empire State Building.
When building the Empire State Building, the builders encountered a number of hurdles in getting the spacecraft to dock there. The initial problem was figuring out how to get the ship to the building. After consulting with the Navy and meeting with the president of the newly formed "Airship Transport Company". After this, they think they've gotten through, but there's still a lot of hurdles to come. Next, when they started building the massing, they realized that the landing of the spacecraft would "increase the stress on the building's frame" as the building's height increased. The building's framing had to be modified to help with this, and those modifications cost more than @MONEY1. The first two hurdles were resolved, but the next set of hurdles halted attempts to dock the ship. Numerous safety issues became obstacles for construction teams. This can be very dangerous because some of the gases used in the spacecraft are very flammable. Another hurdle is the ability to dock safely in "changing" airflow at such high altitudes. All these problems are magnified because they are more insecure in such a densely populated area. The build team was able to overcome some hurdles, but some led to too many potential problems to fix.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First, securing a thousand-foot ship to a building's frame would be stressful, so the builder had to make many modifications to the building's frame. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be retrofitted and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." @CAPS1, safety is the most important reason why airships are not allowed to dock there, since most airships use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York." @ CAPS2, naturally, is the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts. The violent draughts caused winds to spin the craft around the mooring masts, making it unsafe for pedestrians on the street below. Taken together, these obstacles prevent the Empire State Building's mooring mast from fulfilling its purpose.
The obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Another hurdle has to be that the builders didn't check the city's laws, because planes can fly so low in urban areas like NYC, so this law prevents and makes it illegal for ships to dock in NYC. Construction is even close to the area. The last hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in terms of public safety, and the biggest reason. This project puts the public at risk because it would be catastrophic if a spaceship caught fire over a densely populated city like New York! For example, the German craft the Hindenburg was built in Lakehurst, New Jersey, then the accident would have been more serious and many people would have died.
During the construction of the mooring mast, the builders of the Empire State Building experienced many difficulties and problems. First, they had to make sure the spacecraft wouldn't dismantle the building's frame. Because the ships are large and heavy, the ships that increase with the wind "teleport all the way to the bottom of the building foundation". This must be resolved or the building will be destroyed. Even before that, workers had to understand how ships work and how they dock to buildings. They "consulted experts and visited equipment" just to see how the spacecraft flew and how it was docked. Probably the most important thing workers have to keep in mind is the safety of the public. It was very difficult to do and unfortunately it was not possible to build this mast so it is safe for the public. This ultimately resulted in the mast never being used as a docking station.
The biggest hurdle the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there was nature itself. The wings at the top of the building are constantly moving due to the violent airflow. Even when the ship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. Airships moored in open landing pads can be held down behind with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, they will hang high above pedestrians in the street, making it neither practical nor safe. (@CAPS1 @NUM1)
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders had to face many obstacles while building the Empire State Building in order to be able to get the Drigibles to dock there. Builders have had to face many hurdles, such as legal @CAPS1 Changes and buildings @CAPS2, which were not taken into account when ideas were accumulated. After making plans to add a mast to the top of the Empire State Building, and to build a docking for the airship, the new airship they finally decided to look at the default settings for the plans already in place. When designing the mask, the architects realized that "the mooring mast cannot simply be placed on the flat roof of the Empire State Building". "A 1,000-foot-long ship moored at the top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." When the builders were building their plans, they didn't take into account the fact that the ship's load would add stress to the entire building. "The biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." Builders realize that winds on top of buildings can change constantly due to strong drafts, and because airships are legally prohibited from flying too low over urban areas, the airship's The idea will not be so easy to realize because all the obstacles need to be overcome. The hurdles builders have to face when trying to dock a ship on the Empire State Building are safety laws, weather, and the @CAPS2 building.
An excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get their ships docked there. For example, after the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, fear of such accidents in populated areas such as New York became a problem because most international airships use flammable hydrogen rather than helium. Another obstacle is the nature of the mooring masts, and the violent air currents that cause wind changes. Parking a spaceship on top of the Empire State Building "is neither practical nor safe to hang high above pedestrians in the street" (paragraph @NUM1). Additionally, existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas, so "it is illegal for a vessel to dock on a building or even approach the area" (paragraph @NUM2). The project's architects were so excited about the novelty of the idea that they turned a blind eye to these potential difficulties. These obstacles and unresolved problems contribute to the failure of the masses, ideas are lost and forgotten
The builders faced many problems to allow the Drigibles to land on the Empire State Building. Builders must be very careful or careful when building platforms to allow Drigibles to dock. drigibles (Blimp) are very large transport machines, made of steel and cotton, filled with hydrogen and helium. Hydrogen is a flammable substance, and builders must be careful to supply and power it. In order for the airship to be docked @NUM1 feet above the Empire State Building, they needed to work on the frame of the building so that in any severe weather conditions, the building would not collapse and would be stable. Because of all these problems, the builders had to take steps to make the mast a loser and leave it for future transport to the plains.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle they faced was that they rebuilt the building to add masts. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." @CAPS1 The mast was an obstacle they had to face. In addition, all security requirements must be faced. "It was destined to never fulfill its purpose, and the reasons should have been obvious before it was built." After they figured out what would go wrong if they docked the airship, the mast's original purpose was not fulfilled. Another hurdle they must face is testing plans to dock the spacecraft there. "The USS Los Angeles approached the mooring masts, but couldn't get close enough to tie up." The craft failed in their attempt, and the idea of docking the craft died out in the late 1930s. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles.
The architects of the Empire State Building faced a number of safety and practical hurdles in allowing the spacecraft to dock on top of it. For example, the ship outside @LOCATION2 is filled with hydrogen, not helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. As a result, the German ship "Hindenburg" was destroyed by a fire in 1937. Empire State Building architects foresaw a potentially more tragic event if it happened over a densely populated area like downtown New York. Also, a tether anchored the @NUM1ft airship to the building The top adds stress to the building frame. To fix this, the architect had to make modifications to the building's steel frame @MONEY1. In addition, there were violent and unpredictable winds above the Empire State Building. If the airship is tethered to the mast, it will rotate around the top of the building with the wind. When moored in an open field, the spacecraft can be anchored with weights. However, hanging weighted anchors over pedestrians' heads can be potentially dangerous. In 1930, the @ORGANIZATION2 spacecraft "Los Angeles" tried to moor at the Empire State Building, but couldn't get close to the spire to tie itself up due to strong winds. The pilots also had to go around other spires so as not to pierce the airship. Obviously, there are practical and safety reasons for not being able to complete the airship moor on top of the Empire State Building.
Al Smith and his team of architects encountered many problems when trying to build a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to dock the airship. Before they started building, the architects realized they couldn't land the spacecraft on the flat roof of the building. They had to make over $60,000 worth of modifications to the frame before they could even consider docking the ship there. After they completed construction of the Empire State Building's tapered top, the team working on the project realized that, for a number of reasons, the spacecraft would never be able to dock at the Empire State Building. First, landing airships is dangerous for city dwellers. The spacecraft contains highly flammable hydrogen, and in the event of an accident like the New York City Hindenburg, the damage would be devastating. Nature also prevented the ship from docking at the Empire State Building; the airflow was so strong that if the ship did land, it would spin around the building's spire. This can be prevented by placing lead blocks at the back of the ship, but it is also unsafe for those living below. The final hurdle facing the architects is the current law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Although the architects had a great idea, they didn't realize why it didn't work until after the construction was complete.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the Drigibles docked there. For one thing, most castables from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable, so it could explode. For example, on May 6, 1937, the German steerable Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. It is impossible to predict that this will never happen again. The biggest obstacle to trying to dock there with a small boat is nature itself. The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent air currents, and even if it is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. Drigibles moored in open landing pads can be held down behind with lead weights, but using them at the Empire State Building, they would hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe. Another reason is because there is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas for fear of wind, blowing blimps against other buildings in the area, which can pierce the hull of the blimp and cause a lot of damage.
In Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2's article in The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One example is "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. That's saying you need to have enough support to support the spacecraft. Another is "Most spacecraft from outside the U.S. states use hydrogen and Not helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. So if that's a fire in downtown New York, that's not good. Another is that changing wind speeds can cause the airship to sway through the air. This can cause stability issues. So, in this post by @ORGANIZATION2, the mooring mast has to overcome obstacles and try to get the ship to dock there.
When something is invented or built, there are many obstacles. The first hurdle is safety. Wind at the top of the Empire State Building is another issue. The actual construction is also an issue. All these problems, architects have tried to solve them, but failed. Safety is important, and if a person dies on every trip, no one will keep playing with balloons. Safety is important, without safety there is no business. Wind is a big problem. It's very unsafe if the balloon doesn't stay still when unloaded. The skeleton of the building had to be changed, an expensive restoration. These are some of the main obstacles facing architects. Maybe one day they will fix it.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building run into an obstacle when trying to get their spaceship docked there. One of the main problems is nature. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong airflow," making it dangerous for the craft to go around the building above pedestrians. Another hurdle in the builder's race is that the craft uses hydrogen, not helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and the Empire State Building owners didn't want the spacecraft to catch fire over "populated areas like downtown New York." That's the final hurdle facing trying to get a spaceship docked on the Empire State Building is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law states that "it is illegal for ships to be on a building or even near the area".
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems with airships. They faced the problem of "...violent air currents" flowing over the building. As they try to dock, they constantly push the boat and rock the rear end as they dock. Another issue is "...current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". This would make it basically illegal to dock airships on the Empire State Building. These obstacles, described by Marcia Lüsted in "Mooring Masts," illustrate why the spire on top of the Empire State Building was never used to dock airships.
There are many obstacles preventing the ship from docking there. The way the mast is used has not been carefully considered. One reason is that the spacecraft must use hydrogen rather than the highly flammable helium. Since the airship is relatively close to pedestrians and other structures, it is not wise to use a mast. Also, existing law says that the spacecraft cannot fly low in urban areas, which it will do if it is attached to a mast. In addition, the wind might spin the back of the craft, causing it to spin round and round the mast. The solution is to put a heavy block behind it, which could cause it to fall on the head of a pedestrian. In general, there are many reasons why it would be unreasonable to allow a ship to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first problem is that other ships outside the United States use hydrogen. Hydrogen is a more flammable substance than helium, which is used by American spacecraft. The owners didn't want anything like the German airship Hindenburg to happen, which would have been worse in downtown New York rather than Lakehurst, NJ. Another practical reason blimps have problems docking at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. For example, an @ORGANIZATION1 spacecraft named "Los Angeles" couldn't get close enough to tether due to strong winds. These problems show that the owners of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in allowing the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building built two floors just to let passengers drop their luggage. They saw those floors, but the idea didn't work, they wasted money on those extra rooms. They started building and trying to get the ship to dock on top, but they wasted a lot of time and money and it was a complete waste.
The Empire State Building was designed to be the tallest building in the world, but it has some tricks. The building was also originally planned to be used as a mooring mast for the airship. Unfortunately, there are many problems in making this theory a reality. One hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was the use of dangerous gases in the balloons. “Most airships other than @LOCATION2 use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. “Hydrogen use poses a dangerous threat to the safety of New York City civilians. Another problem with buildings is wind. "The rear of the boat would rotate around the mooring masts... (the airship) hung over pedestrians on the street, which was neither practical nor safe. The third issue for builders used to be the legality of the issue of mooring ships to buildings. Current law prohibits aerial ships from flying over urban areas. “With this law, it is impossible for ships to berth. Although the builders have good intentions, they fail to recognize the reality.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered multiple obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. For example, as mentioned in paragraph @ NUM1 , "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, secured by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." The difficulty with the pressure is that it has to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly 1,100 feet below. Wind is another hurdle that builders have to overcome. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the airship is moored to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. An airship moored in an open space can be held down with lead weights behind it, but it is not safe to use lead weights at the Empire State Building because they would hang above pedestrians on the street.
Building a mooring mast is no easy task, and creating this futuristic design created a lot of problems. Some of the problems these builders face is that blimps can be up to a thousand feet long, so they are heavy and sway dangerously in the wind, it is also illegal for blimps to fly low in urban areas, and there have been crashes of blimps or fires in densely populated areas of New York. The danger is also great. Although these issues may seem almost impossible to pass, they were able to fix some issues and make the project look more realistic. The steel frame of the Empire State Building has been reinforced to support the airship and wind pressure, but nature is merciless and will shake the airship vigorously, which is neither safe nor practical. They were able to bypass the law and try to dock once, but were ultimately unsuccessful. There have been cases of airships like the Hindenburg crashing. However, an accident in a densely populated area would be horrific and impractical. Due to these problems and more, the idea of using mooring masts to dock airships was completely abandoned.
When the spaceship mooring dock idea first @CAPS1 about it seemed like a brilliant idea but as time and construction progressed, overcoming obstacles emerged that made the mooring dock idea an idea. Once the mooring mast was completed, obvious safety concerns prevented it from fulfilling its purpose. @CAPS2 The biggest danger is the nature of the mast itself. The wind at that altitude was strong, violent, and constantly changing. Even when the airship is tethered, the rear of the ship rotates around the mooring mast. Another danger is that most airships outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is extremely flammable. After the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized they could not accept @CAPS3. The final hurdle that has arisen is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law also makes it illegal for boats to approach buildings.
The hurdle an engineer faces is any @CAPS1 builder. You have to take into account the height of high wind conditions, the sturdiness of the frame, @CAPS2 and the engineer's payroll. While Al Smith didn't have the @CAPS2 issue, he did have to reconsider whether the mooring mast was a good idea. Suspend the @CAPS3 thousand feet @CAPS4 in the air from a 1,250-foot building. Al Smith @CAPS5 is an American landmark, but @CAPS6 shouldn't put an unusable mooring mast on top.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered countless hurdles when trying to get their spaceships docked there. "Most craft other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable." That means any small spark inside the craft will ignite it. "The wind on top of the building was constantly changing due to the strong air currents." This proved that it was very dangerous to dock the ship there, and heavy objects were needed to anchor the rear of the ship. "Another practical reason that airships can't be parked at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas." The idea of docking the airship at the Empire State Building was ignored.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a lot of natural opposition when they tried to have small boats docked at the building. Forces of nature pose an all-out threat to the idea of a ship landing on the Empire State Building: "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents", which is not safe for people entering and leaving the ship, as the ship spins around the morning mast . Other objections to the idea are that most spacecraft from outside the United States do not use helium, but hydrogen, which is highly flammable and endangers the lives of those who live around the Empire State Building. The law also opposes the idea. There is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law makes it illegal for ships to dock at the Empire State Building. The builders of the Empire State Building faced natural and social opposition when the Empire State Building landed.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get the spaceship docked there was that it had to be modified and strengthened. This cost them more than @MONEY1 worth of modifications. They had to make these modifications so the ship could dock. All in all, these were the hurdles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to dock their spaceships.
The builder has many obstacles to dock the ship there. One obstacle was that they had to make sure the buildings were tall enough. They also had to make sure the building was durable enough. These are some of the obstacles they have to get the ship to dock there.
They faced a number of hurdles when allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building. One of the many hurdles faced by builders was that the Empire State Building's structure would not accommodate @NUM1 foot airships well, and the building structure would need to be modified to at least a few thousand dollars. Another hurdle for builders is that the spacecraft uses hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is very flammable. That means they don't want bad things going on above buildings and "in densely populated areas like downtown New York." The last major hurdle they had to face was that the mooring masts always varied with the surrounding nature, and the craft would wear out, posing a danger to the people of New York Town. These are the few hurdles builders faced when allowing Drigibles to dock near the Empire State Building
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of problems building @CAPS1. How could they allow the ship to be there @CAPS1? High winds and the law stood in Beards' way. The frame of the building must be reinforced so that it does not fall to the ground. The landing gear date had to be pushed back due to construction work. When the spacecraft did try to land, it couldn't. There is too much air flow. This last idea is unrealistic. High winds and laws prevent the use of @CAPS1.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. The biggest obstacle is the safety of pedestrians and the building itself. Most spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which is very flammable. They don't want the ship to explode and fall off pedestrians, setting the entire building on fire. Safety was the main hurdle the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there.
In an excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. In an excerpt, @PERSON1 says, "One of the barriers to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone." This goes to show that in order for an airship to be docked on top of the Empire State Building, there must be enough landing space. If a mooring mast was added to the top of the building, it would only allow the airship to park there for a few hours, for refueling or service, and for passengers to disembark. One of the other practical reasons that blimps can't be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas. Nor can architects simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of a building. A thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, could add stress to the building's frame. So the builders of the Empire State Building didn't allow ships to dock on top of their buildings. Also because of everything that can happen to buildings.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on its mooring masts. A large ship moored on top of the building would add enormous stress to the building, and had to undergo "over $60,000 worth of retrofits" to accommodate the stress. Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the wind can cause the stern to spin around the mast. According to the article, the weight of the airship could be reduced to prevent this, but it would be unsafe for pedestrians. There are also problems with docking craft that use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. On May 6, 1937, the hydrogen airship was destroyed by fire, and according to the excerpt, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident was in downtown New York, it made a populated area unsafe. The hypertrophy of the Empire State Building's mooring is doomed to never achieve its purpose, because such a person cannot carry out too many obsticles of such achievements.
The Mooring @CAPS1 From @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get their ships docked there. Building masts is more complicated than you might think, and they have to take into account a lot of things like the ship's load and wind pressure. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over $60,000 worth of modifications had to be made to the frame of the building." Just when the builders thought they were done, Al Smith added a 250-foot mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building. The builders had to go through many hurdles and challenges to complete this project, but they did it.
The obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there was nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast.
The workers who built the lavish Empire State Building went through several obstacle courses. One of the obstacle courses with airships sits on top of the building. Since the blimp is held in place by only one cable wire, it puts a strain on the build as the blimp is very heavy. Another obstacle is nature. With the Empire State Building so high, the wind was piercing. The last hurdle they had to overcome was the gas they used inside the airship. If they used hydrogen, which is a highly flammable substance, like German airships, it could be bad.
The hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders trying to dock the spaceship are existing laws. In paragraph @NUM1 it is stated that the reason the airship cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that the existing law prohibits airships from flying too low under urban areas, which makes it illegal for a ship to be moored or even close to the mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem is "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This will make it difficult to tether the ship to the mast. Another problem they face is that "existing laws prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) and the equipment for docking blimps isn't even installed.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to dock the ship at @NUM1. The first hurdle is that "architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." If the builder decides to do so, then the spaceships moored on top of the building will add stress to the building's frame, which It could also endanger the lives of all visitors and everyone who works there. There's also the fact that "the stress from the ship's loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is nearly 1,100 feet below." This means the frame of the Empire State Building has to be remodeled and reinforced, and stuff like that doesn't come cheap , in effect "had to make over $60,000 worth of remodeling to the frame of the building." Attempts to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building failed at all. The most obvious is safety, since most spacecraft outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The end result is that the room reserved for luggage today is now the tallest soda fountain and tea garden in the world. And the highest observation deck has never been open to the public.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One hurdle for builders is that ships cannot simply land on top of buildings. A thousand-foot spaceship can add stress to a building's frame. They had to "transfer" loads and wind pressure to the foundation nearly 1,100 feet below. Builders must make modifications to @MONEY1. Another reason is nature. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, "the wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing". The ship could not be tied up because the lead would hang over pedestrians. The final hurdle is the laws that already exist. The law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This makes it illegal for boats to be tied up on structures. These obstacles doomed the mooring mast to never achieve its purpose.
When trying to dock the ship at the Empire State Building, there were many problems. One problem faced is in paragraph 9, where it says: "Having a thousand-foot spaceship at the top of the building, secured by a cable tether, will add stress to the frame of the building." If the spaceship dock is indeed built , the entire building must be reinforced to prevent it from collapsing. Another problem is that most spacecraft use hydrogen, not helium. Therefore, since hydrogen is flammable, they cannot risk the spacecraft exploding in populated areas. Another ****** issue is the weather at @NUM1 feet, especially the wind. The air currents are so violent that the craft will spin around the mooring mast. Airships usually land on open fields where they can be anchored with lead. According to the excerpt, hanging pedestrians high on the street is neither practical nor safe. Finally, the biggest issue is the law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. In paragraph @NUM2, the law makes it illegal for boats to dock at buildings or even approach the area. Even though passing the spaceship dock is a good idea, too many issues conflict with the mooring mast for it to be fully functional. On the plus side, it makes the Empire State Building the tallest building in the world.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One problem was that they had to strengthen the rest of the building to put the mast on top. The process would be prohibitively expensive, and the authors say "more than $60,000 worth of modifications would have to be made to the building's frame." Another problem with trying to get the spacecraft to dock there is the wind on top of the building. The airflow at high places is very violent. "Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat rotates around the mooring mast" and is therefore not safe for people on city streets. In the end, city laws interfered with plans for the mooring masts. The law makes it illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. It would be a violation of this law if the ship could dock on the mooring mast. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems, and their plans never actually came to fruition.
The Empire State Building encountered all kinds of obstacles when trying to get the ship to dock there. Above all is the danger involved in this ambitious plan. Airships outside @LOCATION3 usually use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, not helium. Owners of the Empire State Building see the real danger of such an accident in downtown New York after a German spaceship was destroyed in a fire. The successful use of mooring masts is another obstacle. Winds at such high altitudes made docking difficult. Once docked, the craft would have to be suspended above pedestrians, which is "neither practical nor safe". Current laws banning airships from flying at low altitudes in urban areas create further problems. Owners are starting to see unresolved issues after Los Angeles failed to reach the mooring mast due to high winds. By the late 1930s, the idea "quietly disappeared".
Based on the excerpt, Mooring Mast, coveted by Marcia Armidon, built the Empire State Building mooring masts that were hampered by many obstacles builders had to face. First, the stress and wind pressure of the ship's load can damage the frame of the building. Builders solved this problem by making "$60,000 worth of modifications...to the frame of the building" (pages @num1@num2). After the mast was built, two more obstacles arose. First, most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is very flammable. After the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, builders realized the danger of letting the same accident happen in densely populated New York City. The biggest obstacle to the mast is "nature itself". As the wind at the top of the building is away from shifting due to the airflow, the rear of the airship will swing around the mast. Builders argue that the use of lead blocks to solve the problem is "neither practical nor safe" to walk on the street with the weight of a pedestrian in hand. The final and most obvious hurdle is the current law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. While builders and owners were able to overcome the first hurdle given by the Empire State Building's mooring mast structure, future hurdles fulfilled their purpose preventing the mooring mast.
The people who built the Empire State Building had a lot of problems building it. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York is a suitable landing zone. There will be a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to dock these new airships, which will accommodate passengers on both transatlantic routes that already exist and new ones that have yet to arrive.
The builders of the Empire State Building came across some @CAPS1 while trying to get the airship docked there, they were docked via an electric winch that was lined up from the front of the ship and tied to the mast. The body of the airship can also be Swings in the breeze, but passengers can safely disembark and disembark the airship by walking to an open viewing platform via a ramp. Finally, Empire State Building architects and engineers consulted with experts to tour equipment and mooring operations at the U.S. Naval Air Station in Lakehurst, New Jersey.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building in trying to get their ships docked there were cost and safety. The steel frame of the building will have to be modified, strengthened to account for this new situation and will cost more than @MONEY1. Another hurdle is that most countries outside the U.S. use highly flammable hydrogen. Another hurdle is "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent airflow." This makes it unsafe. These are some of the main hurdles they have to go through
In order to build the Empire State Building, some workers endured problems while building it. The engeineeres and architects first consult with experts. The hurdle that builders have to face is, a height. It's a thousand feet and it's putting pressure on the building frame. Wind pressure also added stress to the thousand-square-foot building. Another big obstacle is nature itself. The wind is constantly diverted to violent airflow. Even when the mooring mast or hitches are tied to the back part of the boat will sway from the wind. At the end, the author says or implies that it never makes sense, because of all the accompanying issues, to be built.
When safety concerns arise and the trial run doesn't go as planned, a future that allows ships to dock on top of the Empire State Building becomes unrealistic. Some spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium, which can be flammable. "Empire State Building owners realize that an accident could be much more serious if it happened over a densely populated area." By placing a pier in downtown NYC, it's also risking the lives of @CAPS1 passengers and citizens. When the pier was in place on top of the Empire State Building, two ships attempted to land, but failed both times. There are @CAPS1 issues and landings, one is wind. "Los Angeles spacecraft approached the mooring mast, but couldn't get close to mooring due to strong winds." @CAPS1 Danger prevented this from happening.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered some major hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on top of the building. The three main hurdles are mast design and building modifications, safety, and current laws regarding aircraft. The design of the mast was a hindrance because a ship moored to the mast would add stress to the building's frame. Loads and stress had to be transmitted to the bottom of the building, and they faced "over $60,000 worth of renovations" to do so. One of the other issues is the most important security issue. The article notes that, unlike the United States, which uses helium, most countries use hydrogen in their balloons to keep them afloat. It was dangerous because hydrogen was flammable, and the building owners didn't want a repeat of the Hindenburg accident when the German spaceship was destroyed by fire. Additionally, the airship must be depressed or it will spin around the mast, and the usual lead weights are a hazard to pedestrians below. The last major hurdle for the builders of the Empire State Building is the current law that prohibits airships from flying low over urban areas. It is illegal for an airship to approach the area, let alone tethered to a building. Here are the three main hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building and its masts. Design, safety and legal issues are all barriers to making builders better.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to deal with multiple issues involving safety. Because Al Smith wanted to build a building larger than the Chrysler Building, he decided to place a mooring mast for the airship on top of him. Before construction of the mooring masts could begin, modifications had to be made to the building's frame, as just fitting on top would put pressure on the frame and knock it down. Another problem is the landing of the spacecraft itself. They can be overwhelmed on flat ground, but not on top of buildings, and if something goes wrong, there are a lot of people below that could get hurt. There's even a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Builders had to take a detour. The biggest obstacle seems to be people's safety.
In building the Empire State Building, architects encountered many obstacles. A major hurdle is making the foundation strong enough. Another is the wind factor. They had a lot of problems building the Empire State Building. In order for the ship to dock on the Empire State Building, they had to reinforce the whale foundation. If the ship is docked in front of the whale building will twist and wobble. Another problem is wind. Wind blowing from other buildings can spin the airship at high speed. Although they faced many obstacles, they successfully completed the Empire State Building
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when they tried to add a spaceship dock on top of the building. As it says in paragraph @NUM1, "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself." The wind can spin the rear of a docked airship, causing a serious safety hazard. Ships are also highly flammable. It would be catastrophic if an explosion like the Hindenburg happened on top of the Empire State Building. Attempting to park a ship on top of a building isn't just dangerous: it's illegal. "There's an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas." (@NUM2 paragraph) Mooring airships is illegal and extremely dangerous, and that's not the only hurdle facing builders. It's also a tough task. Builders must learn new techniques for operating the system at US Naval Air Stations. After research, the builders decided they had to strengthen the frame. “More than $60,000 worth of modifications to the building’s frame had to be done.” (@NUM3 paragraph) The hurdles faced by builders turned out to be a good reason to never use moorings.
The builders of the Empire State Building failed to notice some difficulties in trying to build a docking platform for the spacecraft. One is the way passengers ride in the spaceship. While anchoring to refuel and allowing passengers to disembark and disembark, the rear of the airship is constantly spinning, potentially endangering passengers and potentially causing damage or destruction to the airship. Another difficulty is the way the masts are constructed. Its design is similar to that of a rocket, so it is impossible for the spacecraft to land completely. If it had a platform-like design, the airship could land rather than hover, improving stability.
The construction workers of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their attempt to keep the spacecraft docked on the mooring mast. Builders have consulted with specialists to take tours of equipment used to build mooring masts, land spaceship services and feasible arrangements, and to modify construction to support the mast.In preparation for the construction of the masts the first architects put the equipment for tours at @ ORGANIZATION1. The builders also met with the president of the airship transport company Transpacific to provide their services. A workable arrangement must be created. It's difficult and cumbersome to figure, "some safe way to moor a ship's mast." The building's foundation had to be seen as good because, "The architect couldn't simply drop the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. on." at @ MONEY1 must be performed on the modified frame and the base of the building. The way the mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building built by the architects, all are obstacles.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle that architects face is the frame of the building. They needed to design the landing area so that if the spacecraft lands there, it doesn't add too much stress to the frame of the building. Another issue is the stress and wind pressure of the load. In paragraph @NUM1, the author states that "the stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which is below nearly 1100 feet", which is why the ship's load and wind pressure is a significant issue. In the end, after the builders discovered that various adjustments were needed, the steel frame of the building had to be strengthened, and "had to do a renovation worth more than $60,000", which was a huge amount of money! These are the hurdles the architects of the Empire State Building faced when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to overcome many obstacles so the spacecraft could safely dock on top for refueling or repairs. People were excited about the idea, but they knew how difficult the task would be. First, the building plans had to be redone because the Chrysler Building's builders' strategy was to sneakily make the building taller than the Empire State Building. Al Smith wouldn't let that happen, so he decided to make @CAPS1.SB higher. (1,250 feet) Second, the builders had to figure out a way to build the pier on a stable platform, since it's unstable on a flat roof. This acted as a hindrance because at such heights, construction was difficult. Al-Smith is very adamant that, although this inspired the workers in the @NUM1 paragraph, "over sixty thousand dollars" of modifications to the building's frame must be made (Lüsted, @NUM1). In addition, the pier or landing pier cannot be used, weather permitting. Ships so close to cities, buildings and civilians are dangerous when they swing. According to the authors, “some are as long as a thousand feet, the length of four blocks in New York City” (6). There are violent winds that can make the ship sway around the mooring mast. Finally, current laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. This is the main reason why attempts fail. Being banned and breaking the law can get a lot of people in trouble. All in all, the attempts of the Empire State Building architects were a testament to their dedication and good intentions, but their ideas were too irrational for the pier to be socially successful.
In an excerpt from "@CAPS1 Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted mentioning the challenges architects faced when trying to dock a spaceship to Empire State Building One, they faced the fact that they used hydrogen instead of helium. In the excerpt, it Saying that hydrogen is highly flammable @CAPS2 this could be a big problem in a densely populated area like New York if something goes wrong. The main problem they face is nature. It said "due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing" and the possibility of the airship spinning around the mast with all the pedestrians below is very dangerous. These challenges resulted in the mooring mast not being used as planned
Unfortunately, such a great idea never came to fruition. The builders of the Empire State Building had many difficulties trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the building. First, they had to design the mask, which sounds like a long and complicated process. Everything seems to be fine. Builders start construction. After two months of construction, the mooring mast failed to fulfill its purpose for a number of reasons. Hydrogen is highly flammable and dangerous to use in such a densely populated area. Things like wind and nature itself would make this wonderful idea impossible. In any case, there are laws that will never allow this to happen. If builders and planners had done better research, they would have found that this project would not have been possible before all the intense construction.
The first hurdle facing canners is that the idea that the Empire State Building is the tallest building in New York City has been dashed. This led them to face more hurdles subsequently as the program expanded. When the design was finalized, they began to face more potential problems. The first is that "putting down the mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (@NUM1 line) is illogical or impossible. So it was concluded that the pressure had to be transmitted through the building's foundation, which to the builder's dismay was under 1100 feet. This caused @MONEY1 to make a value modification to the base. Another hurdle is wind pressure. "Los Angeles approaches mooring mass but cannot get close to mooring due to strong winds" (@NUM2 row)
When building the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a number of hurdles trying to dock the spaceship. First, the dangers of allowing ships built outside the United States. Possibly non-U.S. spacecraft consist of hydrogen, which is more flammable compared to U.S. helium balloons. To avoid a repeat of the blast in the airship Lüsted state, "Empire State Building owners realized how bad an accident could have gotten if it had happened above downtown New York." @CAPS1, the winds on top of the building were so wild that they couldn't Securely attach the ship to the top. The authors clarified: "Even when the airship is tied to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate... The rear can be depressed with a plumb bob, but it is neither practical nor safe to use these." This suggests that in order to keep the boat It's dangerous to stay still enough to be able to moor. Finally, a law was passed making it impossible to fly close enough to the building to park. "Current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas," says Marcia Amidon Lüsted. This makes the possibility of landing an airship at the Empire State Building illegal.
One of the obvious reasons is the height at which this all happens. Strong winds are constantly changing and wind is a problem as it can rock the rear of the airship from side to side. Another problem was trying to stop the boat from swaying, they consulted on placing lead weights, but hanging weights over pedestrians is simply not safe. Another reason is that it is illegal to fly a plane at low altitudes. These are just some of the reasons why this won't work.
Even starting the construction of the Empire State Building's pier was a mistake. What initially looks like a worthy and realistic idea can end up being scary if it fails. One hurdle faced by builders trying to allow airships to dock is that laws do not allow airships to fly at low altitudes in urban areas. It is illegal to keep a boat close to pedestrians in a row. Another obstacle they faded was its insecurity. The wind at that altitude is always different and can cause the airship to move around. Having an airship docked at the Empire State Building is potentially dangerous and illegal.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. One question they had was when and if they landed in an area for people to get on and off. They also have to make the platform bigger. When the spacecraft lands, it's because they need more fuel @CAPS1, and they only take a few hours to stop.
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders encountered many obstacles trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is that builders can't just put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of the building, held in place by a cable, would add stress to the building's frame." Another problem the workers faced was that they had to change the entire design of the building to meet the mooring dock's requirements. Require. The biggest reason why docker doesn't work is security. "Most craft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium," the authors write. This means that these craft are highly flammable and would have serious consequences if they exploded over densely populated New York. All of these reasons are why the mooring pier never appeared on top of the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle is that many spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. This is a problem because "hydrogen is highly flammable" (paragraph @NUM1). The German Hindenburg's fire that destroyed a docking craft that used hydrogen instead of helium has proven dangerous, and if something similar happened in New York, the results would be dire. The second hurdle in allowing ships to dock at the Empire State Building is another safety issue. It was suggested that "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (paragraph @NUM2). This would make the passengers on the spacecraft unsafe. The third hurdle is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in areas like New York. The law makes it illegal for boats to dock on buildings or even approach the area. ” (paragraph @NUM3). Here are the three hurdles builders face when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
When designing the Empire State Building, architect Al Smith came up with the idea of airship travel in the future. However, he encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the massive structure, as described in "Mooring Masts." Parking the ship on top of it "… increases the pressure on the building's frame." To dock the ship, Smith had to modify the building's frame: the pressure was transmitted all the way to the foundation. Smith also faces problems with foreign balloons; most of them use the highly flammable hydrogen gas, not helium. A fire started by a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building will quickly spread throughout the city. Smith found that nature also caused problems. Due to the changing wind direction at the top of the building, "...the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast," @CAPS1 Pedestrian. Because of all these obstacles, the idea of mooring the ship was abandoned, but the mast still exists today.
The hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building are: 1) it's at a height of @NUM1 feet, @NUM2) how passengers get on and off, @NUM3) it takes a long time to slow down and @NUM4) the building is said to be 102 stories tall , there is an observation deck on the 101st floor and a boarding/observation deck for airship passengers on the 102nd floor. Some of the major hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building are so severe that it's hard to explain: 1) how to dock an airship and @NUM2) how many airships can be docked at one time.
In @PERSON1's excerpt "@CAPS1 Mast," the architects of the Empire State Building run into a snag when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One problem the builders encountered was that the spacecraft did not have a suitable landing zone. The architects came to the conclusion that they couldn't just put the @CAPS1 mast on top of their building as it would add stress to their frame, so they had to strengthen and modify it to make it work. Another obstacle. The truth is that most airships use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. Builders realize how dangerous this can be, especially in a densely populated area like downtown New York. They also realize that nature itself is their biggest obstacle. With the wind constantly changing due to the turbulent air currents, they knew the idea was neither practical nor safe. Finally, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, which would make their idea illegal and unsuccessful.
@CAPS1 is considered the transportation of the future also known as airships @CAPS1 are like balloons except they are steel and have rubber and propellers to maintain control. These steel balloons can fly up to eighty miles per hour. The main reason the Empire State Building can't dock these is because most @CAPS1 from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and prone to accidents.
When construction of the Empire State Building's mooring masts was completed, the builders began to face issues that should have been obvious from the start. Some of the problems faced is that the US has a law that does not allow planes to fly near or around cities and buildings. This meant they couldn't tether the airship to the mast anyway. The highly violent and changing weather and wind also created a problem as it would blow the airship all over the place, and it couldn't be held down with lead like on land because it would be unsafe to let them hang over the city. As the wind blows, the airship (most of which is filled with hydrogen gas) could be punctured and set on fire with people on the ground. @CAPS1 are some of the most obvious issues and some people would think they wouldn't try it, but those hurdles were never overcome and the mooring masts are still unused.
The mooring mast by @ORGANIZATION2 is about the Empire State Building and what people expect from it. In @DATE1, it was announced that the Empire State Building would reach a height of 1,250 feet. The point of the choice was to show that the Empire State Building's builders were working on another idea. The builders ran into a few hurdles trying to get the ship docked there, such as the building not being stable enough to support the ship, having to add a frame, and the possible dangers of making the idea a reality. "The stress of ship loads and wind pressure can add too much stress to the building frame.". Because of this extra stress, "the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced." Then, when a spaceship was destroyed, the Empire State Building owners realized that in a place like @CAPS1 Downtown, things could be more bad. Fortunately they didn't.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get their spaceships to dock there. The mast was doomed before it even started. The biggest reason the mast never worked was safety. The hydrogen in most spacecraft is highly flammable. If there is an accident, it will be in downtown New York. “The Empire State Building owners realized that if the accident happened over a densely populated area, the situation could be worse.” (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Nature itself is one of the biggest obstacles to successful mast use. Strong air currents and horse winds made it difficult for the spacecraft to fly near buildings. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) The mooring masts were doomed before they even started construction. The biggest reasons for its failure are airflow and safety. The spaceship will never land there.
The builders faced a number of hurdles as they tried to dock the spaceship to the Empire State Building. One obstacle they face is the lack of suitable landing zones. Aylsmith believes that if a mooring mast was added to the top of the building, the spacecraft could anchor there to refuel and get passengers on and off. Another hurdle is that ships from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, which is extremely flammable. The owners of the Empire State Building believe it would be unsafe if the spacecraft caught fire in the populated area below. The biggest hurdle faced was the use of natural mooring masts. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing because of the strong airflow." The Empire State Building owner believes that if something goes wrong, the spaceship will hang over the heads of pedestrians in the street. This is very unsafe.
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there, many obstacles occurred. The pressure of the airship docked on the building was too great. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation". Another problem is that the craft is very flammable, making it "neither practical nor safe" in a densely populated area like New York. Laws prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas ran counter to the idea, but two airships did try to reach the building before the whole idea was abandoned.
Construction workers encountered many obstacles while building the Empire State Building. One of these obstacles is height. Because they wanted the building to be the tallest building in the world, they had to make sure they had enough technology to do it. Also, they had to add 17 floors to the building, bringing it to 102 instead of the original @NUM1 floor. Another hurdle is its security. Construction workers never inspected the construction of the mooring mast. In paragraph @NUM2, the authors state that "the unresolved problem of mooring an aircraft vessel to a fixed mass at such altitudes makes it possible to defer the final installation of the landing gear to a later description." The authors attempt to design mooring mass production in Shi said; “They overlooked certain issues that caused them to push back the final date. Because of these obstacles, the construction team managed to build the tallest building, the Empire State Building.
The Empire State Building hit a snag while trying to dock the airship, the "giant steel-framed balloon" commonly known as the blimp. One of the main problems is the pressure the airship puts on the building. As stated in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 excerpted by @ORGANIZATION2, "The stress of ship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building foundation, which is located nearly 1100 feet below." (paragraph @NUM1). Made more than @MONEY1 worth of modifications to enhance and adapt to this new airship situation.
One obstacle that the Empire State Building's builders tried to allow for airships was that pressure and wind pressure from both the mass and the airship would be transferred to the building's foundation. The frame of the building had to be strengthened to accommodate the new situation. There are also security reasons. Since most states use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is flammable. If something happened, the spaceship would catch fire. With such a dense population, the fires could destroy New York City. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. If the ship is moored to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast. add it
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. When designing masts, architects faced issues of wind pressure, safety and practicality. The frame is not strong enough to withstand the pressure and wind pressure from the ship's load. The foundation of the building is about @NUM1 feet below, and it must be reinforced and retrofitted if it can handle the movement of the airship connected by a single cable tether. Safety is the biggest hurdle for builders, and most craft use hydrogen to make them lighter than air. However, this hydrogen is highly flammable and poses many hazards. Since New York City is a densely populated area, the risk of fire is too dangerous. In the end, in the words of Marcia Amidon Lüsted, they would have to be docked 1,100 feet above the ground, instead of airships landing on open fields, "use these (airships) at the Empire State Building, where they will be suspended in Above tall pedestrians. Street, neither practical nor safe.”
The Empire State Building's builders faced three main obstacles when trying to get the craft docked there, the densely populated area, the violent winds, and current laws that ban airships. First, most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Since the pier will be located above downtown New York, there is a higher risk of a pier explosion due to the density. Second, nature is a big obstacle. There was a lot of wind on the roof, and the wind flow continued to change drastically. There was a huge fear that the airship would turn around and hit another building. Finally, due to existing laws that blimps fly too low in urban areas, marinas will never legally be allowed to tie up a boat. The ship will be unsafe and the whole idea will fall through. For these reasons or obstacles, many of the Empire State Building's builders faced challenges trying to get their airships docked there.
When building the extension to the Empire State Building, architects had their hands full. @CAPS1 There are hurdles to overcome when they start building, like making sure the airship is safe enough, taking into account changing winds. Those issues were part of the reason the plan was shelved. Certain weather conditions are an important part of the safety procedures that occur. "The biggest obstacle to successful use of a mooring mast is nature itself." The wind will swing the boat back and forth, which can be very dangerous. Another issue is that @CAPS1 foreign ships operate on flammable hydrogen, which would be a high risk. "@CAPS1 ships outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable.
Builders have to go through a lot of obstacles in @CAPS1 to get the ship to dock on @ORGANIZATION2. The first thing that brings it to the top of the Empire State Building is the problem. They said the wind made it difficult for the spacecraft to get there without bursting. It's also safe there. Another ship is already on fire. The gas inside is really flammable and that would be a very big problem. The last thing they have to consider is whether the airship will descend. The spaceship will pop up. For all these reasons, they had to get them to accept @CAPS1 to allow spaceships on the Empire State Building.
Owning the Empire State Building dock and holding the spaceship created such a serious problem for the builder. Most of the problems were in the idea of the mast, Al Smith knew the mass would put a lot of pressure on the building frame, and the other was the balloon itself, except that most airships in the US are made of hydrogen rather than helium. Because hydrogen is more flammable, it becomes even more dangerous to have hydrogen in crowded downtown New York areas. The third obstacle is wind, as it is said, "the wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." It is also illegal to fly/hold or park an aircraft so close to the ground. The docking and keeping of ships at the Empire State Building created a number of problems and obstacles that made it difficult to implement such an idea for such a tall building.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a major hurdle when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One example is the potential problem that architects have to address "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". The law would apparently prohibit and make it "unlawful for ships to dock on buildings or even approach the area". Airships are designed to be "berthed in an open landing pad" and "can be held down behind with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, they will hang above pedestrians on the street, which is neither practical nor safe." As an example, the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building were potential risks to the safety of passengers and residents. The reason the spacecraft landing is a potential threat to the entire population of New York City is that "most spacecraft from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." "When the German spacecraft Hindenburg was in Lake, NJ, The Empire State Building owners saw these potential risks when Hearst was destroyed by fire. In addition, another obstacle to placing mooring masts in one of the world's tallest buildings was "due to strong air currents, the The wind is constantly changing. " Due to unpredictable winds, the ship could sway and "spin around the mooring mast." Architects of the Empire State Building were threatened by possible obstacles to constructing a mooring mast on top of the building.
Throughout the short story "Mooring Masts," builders face many obstacles to accomplishing their vision. For example, workers had to design a mast that could withstand "ship load pressure" (@NUM1). The cables at the top were said to be unable to sustain the pressure created by the airship, so engineers had to develop a new solution to distribute the airship's weight evenly. It cost them time and money due to the enormous height of the Empire State Building. The architects also had to do additional research to develop the mast. Workers toured the U.S. Naval Air Station and met with the president of the airship transport company to ensure the spacecraft could land safely. These obstacles must be faced in order to realize their unrealistic dreams.
There are many @CAPS1 builders of the Empire State Building. One of the @CAPS1 attempts to have the frame of the building support the airship, "the stress of the airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred to the frame." Another problem for builders is that there is a law that prohibits aircraft from flying to such low altitudes, @CAPS2 @ According to NUM1, “Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas.” The biggest obstacle is nature itself. High winds at high altitudes can cause airships to fail to moor, "even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mast." These are the builders facing @CAPS1.
The Empire State Building will be the tallest building ever built. At the top, will be an accessible docking station for docking ships called mooring masts. The idea of installing a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building led to a renovation of the entire building. It cost more than $60,000 to remodel to accommodate the mooring masts. This project is the first of its kind and has many hurdles to similar modifications. Some of these obstacles include violent drafts and changing wind directions at the top of the building. As the wind changes, the craft could swing from side to side and hit buildings or other structures and land on the densely populated New York City below. The solution to this problem is to tie lead bricks to the tail of the craft, like they are used in fields when they land. While bricks can keep the tails from moving around, hanging them more than a thousand feet above pedestrians won't save them. In the end, the idea of docking the ship on the Empire State Building was scrapped due to the many problems that could arise.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the ship to dock there, including: @LOCATION1 Lack of a proper landing zone, the need for a mooring mast on top of the building so the ship or blimp could be parked there for hours To get fuel, service, and get passengers on and off, the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced because having a thousand-foot-long airship moored to a cable at the top of the building tethered to the building's frame. The airship's loads and wind pressure must be transmitted through the building foundation approximately one thousand and one feet below. The final hurdle in allowing blimps to dock at the Empire State Building is a law that prohibits blimps from flying too low over urban areas, which would make it illegal for blimps to be tied to buildings or even close to the area.
Builders of the Empire State Building faced @CAPS1 hurdles when allowing Dirigibles to dock. The most obvious one is the height at which they dock. Al Smith stated that "Empire State Building will reach a height of @NUM1 feet", @CAPS1 Dirigibles from outside the US are extremely flammable. If someone caught fire while moored on top of the Empire State Building, the results would be catastrophic, as it would happen in a densely populated area. Another obstacle is wind. If the boat is tethered to the mast, its rear is constantly spinning. Using LED weights to secure the back is neither safe nor practical. The last is a law that makes it illegal to fly airships too low over urban areas. No ships are allowed to fly over the center of New York City.
El Smith encountered many obstacles in designing and building the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building. Most obstacles should have been realized before the mast was built. One of the obvious obstacles is the constant change of wind. The rear of the airship is not tethered, so it swings in the sky. Another obstacle is the design of the mast. This is important because if the design is wrong, the mast can stress the building and can cause a lot of damage. They also have laws about airships flying too low in urban areas, New York is an urban area. One of the most dangerous reasons is that some airships are filled with highly flammable hydrogen. Al Smith and his architects should be aware of and discuss these issues before building an unusable structure. A lot of time and money would be saved if this was discussed.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first OCD was to make the building taller than the Chrysler Building, but they got over that and wanted to add a top or a hat to the building. Then they had to adapt to the new situation that new modifications had to be made so that the ship wouldn't stress the building frame because the steel frame of the building couldn't handle the loads and wind pressures that were almost transmissible @ NUM1 feet below. The biggest obstacle to the fate of the mast is the fact that most craft outside the US use hydrogen, which is very flammable, and they are unlikely to have any accidents over downtown New York. Nature itself is the biggest obstacle because of the ever-changing winds. Airships can be weighed down behind with lead weights, but they are neither safe nor practical because they hang high above pedestrians in the street. There is also a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. These are the conundrums that builders face when trying to get their ships docked at the Empire State Building.
Marcia Amidon Lüsted, author of The Mooring Mast, highlights not only the safety concerns that Empire State Building builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there, but also the factual aspects of dealing with laws and violations, which Consolidate this failure to fail. transportation. Usually ships will be parked in open landing pads and then pressed to ensure they @CAPS1 stay motionless on the ground, but as the builders of the Empire @CAPS1 building were keen to keep the ships in the air, nature and airspace law got involved. The 102-story Empire State Building is a feat in itself. The builder's vision of a ship docked at such a high place was marred by the forces of reality and legal disputes. The fact that the spaceship must be docked on top of the Empire State Building is not recognized by nature. Not only was the wind in the air @NUM1 feet strong, but due to the drastic changes in airflow, even the "US Navy's Los Angeles craft... couldn't get close enough to stop. It's too much of a safety hazard and a gamble. More to do with the wind." Cooperative airships. With the idea of docking an airship atop the Empire State Building, the most practical and practical problem faced by the builders is a violation of airspace law. Current law prohibits 'skyships' from flying too low over urban areas," meaning Legally, guiding and docking an airship so high in the air is a potential safety hazard. Operations to dock airships at the Empire State Building were discontinued in the late 1930s due to uncertainty about their success. While the builders of the great Empire State Building could have built on @NUM1 foot skyscrapers, attempts to dock airships on buildings were primarily due to safety hazard and fail.
In the excerpt, "Mooring Mast", author. Marcia Amidon Lüsted, Al Smith wants to build the tallest building in New York. He made the building very tall, 1,046 feet to be exact, but then the Empire State Building got even taller, at 1,250 feet. It's basically a race to see who will own the tallest building in New York. A mooring mast is installed on top of each building to add height. Although, the builders did not consider balloons or airships that pass through the air. Airships are highly flammable and could be destroyed if they happened to come into contact with the mooring masts, just like before," the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, NJ burn". .. if the mast did damage to the airship, it could cause massive chaos in New York.
The biggest reason is a safety one: Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle to mooring masts is nature itself. The top of the building is constantly moving due to the violent airflow
The builders of the Empire State Building had several problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. At first, architects were unable to place mooring masts on the flat roof of the building. This is because the airship, which is held in place by the cables, adds stress to the building frame. Although this was an obstacle, the architects took @MONEY1 to make changes to the framework to fix the problem. Another major concern with mooring masts is general safety. First, most foreign spacecraft use hydrogen to stay aloft compared to helium. The problem is that hydrogen is highly flammable, and after the Hindenburg disaster in 1937, architects became concerned that the same accident could happen in the center of @LOCATION1. Also, the mast idea proved unsafe due to strong wind currents. To avoid flying around, the ship needs plumb bobs that cannot be left hanging on busy city streets. In conclusion, the final hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over cities. This allows all airships to be bundled or fucked in this area. These are the hurdles that architects face.
When building a dock for a spaceship. Al Smith could only think of some of the obstacles that would arise. As it turns out, there are more hurdles than expected. As stated in the third sentence of paragraph @NUM1, one problem to be expected is that the building can be pulled over by a spaceship. One obstacle that was not known until the mast was built was that drastic changes in wind would cause the airship to wrap itself around the mast and suspend weights from the back of the mast to prevent wrapping from being considered unsafe, as described in XIV, 2nd paragraph Fourth sentence. Another little-known issue is "current law prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas" (@NUM2 paragraph, first sentence) and "most airships outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable Yes. (@NUM3 paragraph, second sentence). The whole idea of butt-mast was not well thought out.
During @DATE1, the architects built a spaceship dock so they could land on top of the Empire State Building, encountering a number of obstacles. Builders had to contend with the weather conditions at this pier. The Empire State Building is so high "due to strong airflow, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing". The weather conditions that occurred above the 1,250-foot structure made it difficult for the spacecraft to dock, resulting in an unsafe outcome. Builders also had to face the reality that "existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low in urban areas". With this law in place, it is illegal for airships to even attempt to land at these docks. The builders who built the landing pier were mainly concerned about strong winds. The wind was so strong and powerful that the airship would face "the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the ship's outer shell." This weather obstacle was a huge struggle for these architects, making The docking of these ships was unsuccessful. The obstacles faced in building this dock resulted in the spacecraft being "gifted to the plane".
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing zone, and also saw an opportunity. He added a new one to the top of the Empire State Building. Mooring masts, which will allow the airship to park there for hours for refueling or service, or to get passengers on and off. The craft is also docked by an electric winch, which is drawn in a line from the front of the boat, which is then tied to the mast. All in all, these were the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building to allow the spacecraft to dock.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the builders of @ORGANIZATION1 ran into a number of challenging hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there. Four-term New York Governor Al Smith is determined to make the Empire State Building taller to surpass the Chrysler Building. His aim was to have the building "fit for the age of transportation that was only the dream of aviation pioneers". The first hurdle concerns their expanded use in New York City, the lack of suitable landing zones. However, Al Smith saw this as an opportunity to add a mooring mast to the top of the building, which would allow the craft to park there for hours for refueling or service, and get passengers on and off." Al Smith's ambition is to enhance The height of the building prompted him to overcome this hurdle. Yet another problem, actually building the mast led to a new hurdle. The Empire State Building had a $60,000+ remodel because they couldn't have a thousand-foot spaceship to moor At the top of the building. If the ship was tied by a rope, it would add stress to the building's frame. Although this was a hindrance, modifications to the building have solved the problem and the builder was able to build the mast. As the Empire State Building continued to grow, more difficulties kept appearing, which brought Alsmith's Goas farther away. Not knowing the fate of the mooring horses on the Empire State Building, the builders later realized that the purpose of the mast had been Obsolete. The issue here is mostly safety, ie "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". They noticed after the mast was built, that happens over densely populated cities A fire could be a tragedy. Another important obstacle to trying to dock a ship above the Empire State Building is nature itself. It is claimed that "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents". Builders know that because the pedestrians below , it's not safe to hold down the back of the airship. Even with all these obstacles, the builders of the Empire State Building still tried to get the ship docked there, but over time that idea faded and they basically abandoned the project. Al Smith's goal was not accomplished due to challenging obstacles, but in the end, he did manage to make the Empire State Building the tallest building in @ORGANIZATION5.
Taken from the mooring mast there, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first thing is safety. That state uses hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. @CAPS1 The biggest obstacle to using mooring masts is nature itself. The rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. They would dangle high above pedestrians in the street, neither practical nor safe.
The hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there included safety concerns, natural problems and legal dilemmas. Safety is a major concern, as many spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. An example of such a craft is the German Hindenburg, which caught fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. As Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring Masts" states, "Empire State Building owners realize that accidents could be worse if they happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York." @CAPS1, nature is the owner A big hurdle because of the constantly changing wind direction at the top of the building. According to Lüsted, this would cause the rear of the airship to "spin around the mooring mast", which is neither "practical nor safe". @CAPS2, builders face legal issues. There was a law at the time that restricted airships from flying too low in populated areas. As the article notes, "This law will prohibit the tying of cargo to buildings, even near the area." The Empire State Building's builders faced security, physical and legal concerns.
In the excerpt "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION1, there were a number of problems trying to get the airship to dock. One problem was that the frame already built was not strong enough to fit the new airship mooring mast. The second problem is shown in the quote "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to violent air currents..." (Lüsted para.@NUM1). Weather high up on the Empire State Building can throw and move airships violently when trying to dock. The push from the wind even created the threat of the airship being blown into the spires of surrounding buildings, a threat reflected in the quote "This would pierce the ship's hull" (Lüsted para @NUM2). This can happen if the airship tries to tether to a building. Builders also face laws about flying so low over urban areas. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building did face a number of problems when trying to get airships into the building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The first hurdle they faced was placing the mooring mast on the building. According to Lüsted, “architects cannot simply place mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building” (Lüsted @NUM1). This meant they had to build another structure to place the mooring masts. The second hurdle they faced was preparing the building to dock the spacecraft. Lüsted claims, "A 000-foot-long ship moored on top . One way to prevent damage to the building. The architects will "modify and reinforce the steel frame" so that any airships will dock there. These are the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock the airships.
Those who built the building did not give enough thought to the practicality of the new form. A major problem with ships landing there to refuel is that they can explode. There have been airship accidents before, and it's not in a densely populated area like New York. "When the German ship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident happened in a densely populated area, such as downtown New York." ( @CAPS1 @NUM1). The wind at the top of the building will also blow the rear end of the airship and it is unsafe to hang lead weights over pedestrians and the airship will be low. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents." (¶ @NUM2) "- the back of the ship will spin round and round-" (¶ @NUM2) "An airship moored in an open landing field may Being weighed down by rear lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, they would hang high above pedestrians in the street, neither practical nor safe." (¶ @NUM2) Architects should have thought better about their plans .
The builders encountered many obstacles when trying to dock the spaceship on the Empire State Building. First, there is a big security concern. Many spacecraft from abroad use helium instead of hydrogen; helium is so flammable that the spacecraft could explode. Second, the wind makes docking the ship very challenging. The wind is always changing due to the violent air currents. Finally, there is already a law that prohibits airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. So even if they fix other issues, docking the ship is still illegal. These are some of the problems that builders face when trying to dock their ships.
In this excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building hit a snag when trying to get the spaceship docked there. The architects had trouble putting the mooring mast on top of the building. "Architects can't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." Mooring masts can stress the building. Due to the load of the spacecraft and the pressure of wind pressure, the entire building had to be reinforced and remodeled, costing more than $60,000. So they built a tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. These are obstacles to making mooring masts.
The hurdle for the builders to dock there with the soft airship is that they want to put a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, but the problem is that the load pressure and high wind pressure of the airship must be transmitted to the building foundation, below that foundation. About @NUM1 feet. Now that they had to, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate the situation
Some of the hurdles faced by builders is that if they were to add mooring masts, they would have to strengthen the integrity of the building. This is necessary because once the mast is downwind, the pressure is transferred all the way to its base. More floors had to be added to the house elevator and stairs to the ticket office and luggage area. They had to find a way to attach the mooring mast to the foundation, which was almost 1 feet below NUM.
In an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders ran into obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. One hurdle for builders is that they have to modify the building frame to install the mooring masts. The builders had to retrofit the building because "a thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of the building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." Stresses from ship loads and wind-loaded wood have been transmitted all the time to the base of the building 1,110 feet underground. "This is another hurdle faced by builders. Plus, the mooring mast never fulfilled its purpose for safety reasons. Hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle is nature. There is constant wind due to strong air currents. Change. This idea is neither practical nor safe.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building had a number of problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the mask. One obstacle involved placing "a mooring mask on the flat roof of the Empire State Building" (paragraph @NUM1). If they did, the mask would add a lot of stress to the foundation of the building. As a result, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced, but the cost was too high. Another hurdle is the use of hydrogen instead of helium in foreign spacecraft. Hydrogen is a highly flammable gas, and if a spacecraft accidentally catches fire, it can do a lot of damage. The biggest obstacle, however, was the strong winds at the top of the Empire State Building. Even if the ship is "attached to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate left and right" (paragraph @NUM2). Using a plumb bob to anchor the airship while "hanging high above pedestrians in the street is neither practical nor safe" (paragraph @NUM2). In conclusion, architects and builders face many obstacles when building a mast on the Empire State Building.
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship to dock on it. When constructing the Empire State Building, architects must consider the height of the building and the mooring masts. They simply couldn't put large glass and chrome mooring masts on flat roofs of buildings. In addition, wind currents over a thousand feet are changing rapidly. Oversized airship panels on top of the building will "increase the stress on the building's frame". (@NUM1) Architects must modify and strengthen their steel framing to ensure the safety of the building. The changes will cost more than $60,000. But alas, the Empire State Building's mooring mast failed to live up to its fate because of these obstacles.
The obstacles builders face on the mooring mast are wind and gases used in non-@CAPS1 craft. Wind is a problem, as the high back of the airship rotates around the mooring mast. The gas used is an issue, as zeppelins abroad use highly flammable hydrogen, which would be a bad thing if the zeppelins caught fire over densely populated New York.
1.) The spaceship is hailed as a vehicle for @NUM1. ) they have a top speed of @NUM2 miles plus @NUM3 miles of cruise per @NUM4 miles. ) some are @NUM5 feet long.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the author describes the obstacles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get the airship (airship) to dock there. The mast's original purpose was to serve as a landing point for airships (also called blimps). In paragraph 6, the authors state that "One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City is the lack of a suitable landing zone. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building: adding a mooring mast to the top of the building would allow the spacecraft to be there. Parking for a few hours for resupply or service and getting passengers on and off." That's a big hurdle for his company. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "The mast was moored and changes were made to the existing plans for the building's skeleton, and construction went on schedule." The building structure didn't really help the ship.
Mooring mast for @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in their attempt to allow future transport of airships, @DATE1 (also known as airships docked on the building). The biggest problem is figuring out how to make the mast work. The main obstacle to using a mooring mast is nature, because due to the strong and violent air currents, the wind on the back of the ship, on top of the building is constantly changing and going around the mast even though it is tied to the mast. The excerpt says that an airship moored in an open landing field could use a plumb bob to reduce weight. Since these would hang above the person below, it would be dangerous in case it fell. Also, the builders have no control over nature, which makes this the most difficult. Another obstacle is the stress the building's main frame would experience if the airship were held in place by a single cable tether. The wind and pressure are too much for the foundation of the building. This was solved by modifying the steel frame of the building, making it stronger to prevent the building from collapsing. Attempts to allow airships more access to buildings had many obstacles, but in the end it was all in vain because there was a law that prevented airships from flying too low over urban areas.
The Empire State Building had to face the problem of how to install the masts for the Huelium balloons, which are lighter than blowing balloons. The tip of the building is too long, and there are some problems that the architect cannot solve.
@CAPS1 Faced with arguments, confusion, tufe Time Building it.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One obstacle is the pressure the ship puts on the building. Stress from airship loads and wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building foundation @NUM1 feet below. So the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be retrofitted and reinforced. Another hurdle is that most ships from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. The third obstacle is that the wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent airflow. Even when the ship is tied to the mooring mast, the stern will move around uncontrollably. Finally, the last hurdle that current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for ships to dock on the building or even approach the area. These are many of the hurdles the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to dock the spaceship.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many problems and obstacles when trying to get the airship to dock there. One of their obstacles is that foreign airships use hydrogen instead of helium to stay in the air. If it exploded over New York, the damage and death rate would be catastrophic. The second hurdle they faced was the building's high elevation @CAPS1 and strong winds. Made it difficult for the Navy's USS Los Angeles to reach the docking station of the @CAPS2 mooring mast. The last hurdle they faced was the fear that the airship would fly @CAPS2 The spire of another building burst a hole in the airship: causing it to crash. Builders face many hurdles, such as the danger and high risk of foreign airships trying to dock and eventually explode because they are filled with hydrogen instead of helium. Also, because it is located at such a high altitude, strong wind currents make it difficult for the airship to get close enough to dock. Finally, the fear of airships @CAPS2 The spire of another building pierced a hole in the airship, causing it to crash.
In the excerpt from "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. The designers had such grand plans for the building that it was far from reality. One challenge they encountered was the safety of everyone. In the excerpt, they talk about "most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable" (@NUM1 paragraph). The risk of a ship catching fire is very high. If it did catch fire, it would not only hurt the airship, but also the buildings and people of New York. Another obstacle is nature itself. No one can predict the weather, and "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (paragraph @NUM2). Without the push of the wind, the airship wouldn't be able to get close enough. Wind could send aircraft flying into buildings, which could damage the design of the airship. All in all, the challenges that designers face to build such great buildings are just realistic dreams that reality quickly shatters.
In the excerpt, the builders encountered a number of hurdles in how to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. The first problem they encountered was high winds. "Wind changes on top of building due to strong air currents" (@NUM1). This is a problem because the wind can cause the spacecraft to hit buildings and release gas. The second hurdle they faced was making the building structure strong enough to tether the airship. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation" (@NUM2). This is a problem because if they don't strengthen the steel, the ships will weaken the structure of the building. These are the two main hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building @CAPS1, where they can dock the ship.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "@CAPS1 masts," builders face a number of hurdles. They tried to land the airship on the Empire State Building. They encountered many problems trying to accomplish this feat. If they were to get the Dirigibles to land on top of the building, they would have to add floors to the building. Another is that "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened to fit the new situation". This means they will have to waste more money. Then they found out later that they couldn't even do that, first because of legal issues. If they do, then they'll get into trouble with the legal system. Once they realised I think they realised the project was a failure and told the world "the unresolved issue of mooring an aviation vessel on a fixed mast at such a high height also wanted to push the final installation date to a later date. Landing gear ."
Designing a dock should be a great achievement in New York City. Unfortunately, builders ran into a number of hurdles in trying to get this incredible scheme to flourish. Many engineers don't consider the danger for "reasons that should be obvious before building" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). The biggest problem is security. The airships use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, and if an incident like the Hindenburg were to happen again, it would be a huge danger to the densely populated city. Another obstacle is the wind at the top of the Empire State Building. The wind is constantly changing, and the back of the airship will sway from side to side. There is also a law that prohibits low-flying aircraft from flying over urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal for ships to even approach the area. The docking station idea was great, but there weren't many hurdles raised in the early days of planning @CAPS2, so the Empire State Building never became a docking station.
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building are that wind, climate is always a risk, and the height of the building is also a challenge faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.
According to "Mooring Masts" excerpted by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the hurdle the Empire State Building builders tried to get the ship to dock was to make it work. For many reasons, the builders would never have a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building. One reason this idea will never happen is that the spacecraft themselves are highly flammable. The hydrogen used in most places to fuel spacecraft makes them very flammable. In a densely populated area like New York, this would be a problem. Another issue is money. Builders need more money to reinforce the building to withstand the weight of the ship. Tethering a thousand-foot ship to the top of a building with a cable puts a lot of stress on the building. The last reason is security. When docked on a building, violent winds can destabilize the ship. There is also an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 The hurdles the Empire State Building builder faced when trying to dock the spaceship were flammability, funding issues and safety reasons.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when it came to airships. The first was that a new frame was created to accommodate the @NUM1 ft airship as the large size of the aircraft would put a lot of pressure on the building. Modifications cost $60,000. Another issue is security. Many airships in the US use highly flammable hydrogen and there have been various accidents in New Jersey where airships catch fire and there will be a lot of injuries and fatalities in densely populated New York. The third reason is nature. With buildings so tall, wind speeds and pressures are very unpredictable, especially in violent airflow. In open fields, weights are used to stabilize airships, but lead weights "hang over pedestrians...neither practical nor safe." @CAPS1, there are laws against flying at certain altitudes in urban areas. The Empire State Building is at its height and it is still illegal to tie a ship or other craft to it. These are the hurdles builders face when building the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building had to go through a lot of hardship in building the mooring masts and trying to dock the airships on them. Some of the hurdles builders have to overcome come from the weather, "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself," (paragraph @NUM1). The wind at the top of the Empire State Building has a big effect on the violent airflow, even when the airship is strapped to the mast, the wind will push the rear around the mast. Another hurdle the builders had to overcome was their fear that the lead weights supporting the Dirigible would hang over the edge of the building, making it unsafe for pedestrians as well as the pilots and passengers on the airship.
In this excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's @CAPS1 "Mooring Mast", the Empire State Building's builders ran into a snag while trying to get the spaceship docked there. Dirigibles, also known as airships, were @CAPS2's most advanced form at the time of the construction of the Empire State Building. The Empire State Building was erected to tether airships and allow them to unload and reload passengers and refuel. While building builders are aware that "the stress of airship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way down to the building foundation... 1100 feet below" (paragraph @NUM1). Plans need to be developed to support buildings and airships. The nature also conflicts with the project. The plumb bobs would be used to drop airships, "which would hang high above pedestrians in the street, and would be neither practical nor safe." (paragraph @NUM2). These weights can rock the airship and its weight due to high winds. Therefore, there is also the risk of these planes landing on "the spires of other buildings". (paragraph @NUM3). In addition, there is a law targeting "bidding @CAPS2 for low-flying (@NUM3 segment) in urban areas. For these reasons, the Empire State Building was never used for spaceship docking."
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the world thought they knew the future of air travel: airships. To keep pace with the modern world, Al Smith, the lead architect of the Empire State Building, decided to install a spaceship dock on top of the building. Unfortunately, during the construction process, the architects encountered a number of obstacles that prevented them from completing the mooring mast. One of the problems was that they had to spend $60,000 on remodeling the building. Another is the flammability of the hydrogen used to inflate the boat. But the biggest obstacle is nature. The winds the ship will be facing are so strong that pedestrians on the sidewalk could be at risk from the ship breaking the tether attached to it and crashing. The final reason for the mooring mast program to end is the law that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. While a mooring mast seemed like a good idea at the time, a number of obstacles prevented its success.
The builders of the Empire State Building went through many obstacles. I feel bad for them because of how dangerous it is and how long they have to work. In the meantime, I'd be happy to part with things like this. Builders may die for working there. Built this high, it must be hot. I don't think it has to be that high, they could do the same thing but lower. These are some of the hurdles that I think builders go through.
The builders of the Empire State Building had some challenges trying to get the spaceship docked there. A mast cannot just be placed on top of a building. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. All of that stress would be transferred to the building's foundation. Another hurdle was that builders had to modify the entire building. The architects designed the mooring masts and made changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton. "Builders have completed the building, but in order to dock the airship, they need to change the building. These architects strive to build something that can "even if the airship is moored to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship will rotate around the mooring mast." "The architects put all their efforts into transforming the building in vain. .
In an excerpt from @PERSON1's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building ran into a number of hurdles when trying to get the spaceship docked there. Their primary concern is safety. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable" (Lüsted, @NUM1 paragraph). The excerpt mentions the German airship Hindenburg, which was destroyed in a fire. “…the Empire State Building owners realized how bad an accident could get if it happened above a densely populated area like downtown New York” (Lüsted, @NUM1 paragraph). Another obstacle is nature itself. "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing" (Lüsted, paragraph @NUM3). Unpredictable winds make it impossible to safely dock on and off ships. Finally, laws were enacted to restrict airships from flying too low in populated areas. "This law would make it illegal for ships to be on buildings or even approach the area" (Lüsted, @NUM4 paragraph).
While adding a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building was a very clever idea, there were multiple questions and concerns that fit into this new feature. For example, even if the cable is securely fastened to a 1,000-foot ship, it can add stress to the building frame, causing the building to weaken faster than it would without it. Also, to change the large impact of the airship on the building, the weight and wind pressure of the airship must be transferred "all the way to the foundation of the building", which is almost impossible considering this distance is more than @NUM1 feet @CAPS1, @CAPS2 yes Important factor in building this futuristic structure; more than sixty thousand dollars had to be collected to better support the structure of the building
While trying to get the ship docked at the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a few snags. One hurdle is pre-existing laws about airships flying too low in urban areas like downtown New York. Another problem the builders encountered was strong winds that caused the rear end of the airship to sway in the wind, making it unsafe to unload passengers. Unlike airships that are parked in open fields, lead weights cannot be used to weigh the backs of airships because they can be a hazard to pedestrians on the street. Another safety concern is that most balloons outside the U.S. fill airships with hydrogen, which is more flammable than helium. A hydrogen-filled spaceship could be a disaster if it catches fire. While the idea seemed great at first, the builders of the Empire State Building realized it was neither practical nor safe.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A huge hurdle is that some ships are @NUM1 feet long, as long as four blocks in New York. Another hurdle is expanding usage. New York lacks a suitable landing zone. With this, Al Smith saw an opportunity for him to build. He would add a morning mast to the top of the building to allow passengers to get on and off, which would then become a place for refueling or service. But with this new idea, a lot of planning had to be done.
The architects who built the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles on the mooring mast. In the 1920s, airships were heralded as the transportation of the future. The idea of making a mast was not so far-fetched at first. As construction neared completion, a number of concerns emerged. Many spacecraft outside the United States use a highly flammable gas called hydrogen. Another problem was the docking of the airship, where the changing winds on the Empire State Building forced the rear of the airship to rotate around the mooring mast. Eventually a law was enacted to restrict airships from entering low-altitude urban areas. When all the issues came together, the idea of a mooring ship quietly disappeared.
In @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many hurdles to get the ship to dock there. One hurdle they had to overcome was the pressure on the building's foundation when the spacecraft was docked. "More than $60,000 worth of remodeling had to be done to the building's frame." Another hurdle the builders had to overcome was the constant change of direction in the wind on top of the building. They considered putting heavy objects on the spacecraft, but it wasn't safe to have them dangling from the heads of people 1,000 feet tall. There's also a law that says airships can't fly too low over urban areas. So the builders of the Empire State Building had many hurdles to overcome.
A mooring mast can be placed on top of the Empire State Building. If the thousand-foot ship is more indebted to the top of the building, held in place by cable tethers, then it will add stress to the building's frame. The stress and wind pressure of the ship's load must be transferred to the bottom of the building, which is one thousand and one hundred feet below. The frame would have to be strengthened and revised, which would cost over $60,000. Nature itself is the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts. The wind is changing due to the violent draft on top of the building. The rear of the craft will rotate around the mooring mast. Lead weights weigh on the airships, but they are not safe at the Empire State Building because of the pedestrians below. These weights are used to open the landing pad.
When the Empire State Building was built, they had some problems getting the ship to dock there. Some of the reason is that when the ships were made, they weren't made taller. So when the Empire State Building went up, there was a small problem with the spaceship. Most U.S.-built spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. However, hydrogen is highly flammable.
When the builders of the Empire State Building tried to park the spaceship there, they faced multiple hurdles. The most important thing is safety, as the airship can cause chaos if it catches fire. It would be too dangerous to use hydrogen on a spacecraft if it could catch fire at any point. Another obstacle was the wind speed at the top of the Empire State Building. There are violent air currents, which will change the position of the ship if it is docked on the mooring mast. Due to safety concerns, the rear of the craft cannot be depressed, it will rotate around the mooring mast. The last question is about current laws on airships. They can't fly at this altitude because it's too close to the city. This makes it illegal to attempt to dock at the Empire State Building. In fact, they couldn't even get close to the area except for Los Angeles and Columbia, and they were allowed to try before the idea was dashed. Neither can be successfully docked, the idea is done.
According to an excerpt from the book Empire State Building by @PERSON1, there appear to be two main problems with the docking of spaceships in New York City. First, there is the problem of nature itself. The area around the Empire State Building, and all of @LOCATION3, is too windy for safe docking procedures. The Los Angeles Navy @CAPS1 attempted to dock, but the operators evacuated for fear of piercing the airship on the spire of another building. The second problem, while easier to correct, is that the law prohibits any aircraft from approaching buildings in New York City. This basically makes even trying to dock illegal. There are many reasons why the idea of zeppelins didn't catch on globally, and this excerpt about New York is a prime example of a roadblock that cannot be safely addressed.
Builders faced a number of hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building. First, the frame of the Empire State Building was too weak to withstand the extra stress of the ship's payload. The builders sat down to reinforce the building's frame, a feat that cost $60,000. Second, builders struggle with changing strong winds. These winds make docking the craft nearly impossible, because "the rear of the boat will spin around the mooring mast." Another hurdle for builders is safety. Many spacecraft are filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas that keeps the spacecraft afloat. After an airship fire in New Jersey, builders realized the dangers of airships and what could happen if they caught fire over New York City. Finally, builders also face laws regarding air traffic. The law prohibits airships from "flying too low over urban areas". In the end, these obstacles prevented builders from docking the spacecraft on the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, it is clear that the builders of the mooring masts on top of the Empire State Building faced multiple problems. First, the excerpt notes that ships from other countries are often filled with extremely flammable hydrogen. The dangers of hydrogen were demonstrated when the German spacecraft Hindenburg caught fire. If the Hindenburg incident happened in a densely populated area, such as New York City, the situation could have been worse. In addition to mooring masts that create fires @CAPS1, low-flying aircraft are also prohibited in densely populated areas. The biggest obstacle, however, is "nature itself," according to the excerpt. This refers to the strong and squally winds found at the summit of the Empire State Building. With these winds, it would be very difficult to control the ship safely. After realizing all these complexities and obstacles, it was decided not to build a mooring mast.
From what I've learned from reading the excerpt "Mooring Masts", I understand that there are many obstacles in providing a place for an airship to dock. The most important reason is safety. Since most ships use hydrogen gas instead of helium, ships are very flammable. If the spacecraft catches fire over New York, many lives could be at risk. Another obstacle is climate. The top of the Empire State Building is where they're going to build the mooring masts, and the climate is so harsh it's almost impossible to dock a ship on it. These are some of the many obstacles that architects have to face when designing mooring masts.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few hurdles trying to get the ship to dock there, like how to dock the ship to the building, pollution and service, how to get passengers on and off as safely as possible, they should also think @CAPS1 thousand feet Airship @CAPS2 from the top of the building may have an impact on its structure. The Empire State Building's architects and engineers consulted with experts and gave those from the US Naval Air Station a tour of the equipment and mooring masts. (This is the ship's anchor) Passengers on board can walk to an open observation deck to get off and on board via a ramp. Altogether, more than $60,000 worth of renovations to the building's foundation were required. Some ships can't even dock
In an excerpt from Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts," the builders encountered a number of obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock over the Empire State Building. If the builders wanted to dock the ships, they couldn't because there was no suitable area for them to land. "...lack of suitable landing zones in New York City". Another hurdle is that they have to know the kind of weather, because nature can control itself. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing because of the strong air currents." If the spacecraft were to land on the Empire State Building, they would be crushed, and because of the lead weight behind it, it would be crushed. Another reason for the hindrance is that the ship uses hydrogen instead of helium, a highly flammable gas that can cause a lot of damage if there are passengers on board, and can be very dangerous to the Empire State Building.
The dream of the Empire State Building is to have spaceships docked on top of it. It sounds like a good idea, but builders have hit a number of hurdles trying to achieve their goal of getting them docked there. The first problem they faced was that the ship's load and wind pressure had to be transferred to the building's foundation so it wouldn't stress the building's frame. To that end, more than $60,000 worth of modifications have been made. The glass and chrome-nickel steel tower is made of interior lighting. The building now has 102 floors. Despite all the hard work, the building was never used for docking purposes due to safety concerns. One of the safety hurdles is that airships are highly flammable, and after a fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building didn't want to be equally happy in densely populated New York City. Terrible winds also created another big obstacle. Even with a landing line of sight, the spacecraft can never be tethered so passengers can disembark. There's also a law that says planes can't fly at low altitudes into urban areas. All the money and hurdles the builders had to go through to make this dream possible, but it never came true.
In building the Empire State Building, workers overcame countless obstacles. New York Governor Al Smith wants to build "the tallest building in the world" (1). Meanwhile, the Empire State Building was being designed, and construction was being completed on the @ORGANIZATION2 building, also in New York. The workers at the @ORGANIZATION2 building decided they wanted to challenge the designers of the Empire State Building by secretly building a 185-foot spire and make their building 46 feet tall. This started a competition among designers to see who would win the title of tallest building. Later, after the Empire State Building was built and earned the title of tallest building, workers were trying to use it as a mast for airships on land. Designers forget about the safety of landing a spacecraft in urban centers and that wind is an important factor for a safe landing. The idea of the building as a spaceship landing was abandoned. Empire State Building****************
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. One of the hurdles is making sure the people below don't get hurt. If something falls, someone may be injured. Another hurdle is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas. That's the hurdle the Empire State Building's builders faced when trying to get their ships docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to park durable goods there. Some of these obstacles were not caused by the building itself, and nature was involved due to strong winds at 1,250 feet, making it difficult for the airship pilot to steer the boat close enough to tether it. This happened with the @ORGANIZATION2 spacecraft "Los Angeles", fearing the wind would blow the ship over sharp edges or other structures in the area. The witch would cause the cannonball to be punctured, causing the disaster that the captain failed to reach the building in December 1930. Another hurdle for builders is that current laws prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas, where witches would put civilians on the streets. risk. Another hurdle is that an undersized dirible can stress the building frame.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. On the one hand, it is neither practical nor safe to have an airship suspended above pedestrians in the street. There is also "an existing law that prohibits airships from flying too low in urban areas". In addition to these obvious setbacks, "a thousand-foot-long craft moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." It's safe to say, however, that the big Mother Nature herself presents the biggest hurdle for builders. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents," making it extremely difficult to safely hoist the airship onto the building. As they began to realize the science of the spacecraft, the obstacles faced by the builders became more dangerous. "Most ships from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." When the German ship Hindenburg caught fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the Imperial The building's owners and builders realized that if the accident happened on top of one of the most populous cities, things could be worse in the world.
It shows that in the future, the @CAPS1 building will never fulfill its purpose. It's the @CAPS2 building in New York.
The people who have tried to get the ship in the Imperial Dock have gone through many obstacles. They first had to modify and strengthen the building frame to accommodate this new situation. The architects designed the vitreous and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower, which will be illuminated from the inside, with a stepped back design which mimics the overall shape of the building itself. After doing all this work, they then discovered that the mast of the Empire State Building was never going to work. The biggest reason is safeey. Most airships from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium and hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. For other practical reasons, the spacecraft could not be moored at the Empire State Building against current laws that the spacecraft flew too low in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for boats to be permanently tied to buildings or even close to areas. By the late 1930's the idea of using the mooring masts of ships and their passengers had quietly disappeared. Airships, rather than being the transportation of the future, have given way to airplanes.
Many problems arose when docking the airship at the Empire State Building because the engineers didn't take them into account. When the architects were designing the mast, they realized that the building was not built to withstand the pressure of airships and wind. "...must be modified" (paragraph @NUM1). While these obstacles can be overcome, many others cannot. Since most airships other than @PERSON1 use hydrogen, a very flammable gas, the airship could burn in flames like the German Hindenburg, and "owners... realize the accident could have been worse ...above....New York" (@NUM2 paragraph). Another hurdle is the issue of "prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). Airships were not allowed even close to the building; however, the two still tried and neither could tether safely to the building. The idea of future transportation moved to airplanes, and the top floor of the Empire State Building is now a public tourist attraction.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into obstacles when trying to get the sloop docked there because the craft was docked via an electric winch, which was pulled in a line from the front of the ship, which was then tied to the mast. Architects couldn't simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building.
A number of hurdles were encountered in the process of adding a mooring pier atop the Empire State Building. The first was that many new modifications had to be added to the frame of the building. This is because the previous frame couldn't handle the extra weight of the @NUM1 ship hanging on 1 cable. These additions will cost "over $60,000" plus additional time and effort. Another big issue is security. Winds around New York are "constantly changing due to strong air currents." This will cause the airship to wrap around the tower and possibly break or worse. Not to mention being surrounded by densely populated cities, any accident could cause more damage than usual. The Forgein spacecraft also used a lot of hydrogen, which at the Hindenburg was shown to explode into massive flaming steel buckles. This opportunity is magnified with the weather, and any accident will result in high labor and property costs. Finally, it is illegal for blimps to fly low near cities, making the entire project illegal. As you can see, there are a lot of problems with setting up an airship docking center at the Empire State Building.
Obstacles were encountered every day, but the builders of the Empire State Building faced an even greater challenge when trying to get their spaceships to dock on the building. The reason the ship couldn't be docked there is obvious. Most ships use hydrogen, a very flammable element, to float. A very serious problem can arise if a spacecraft catches fire over a densely populated area, such as downtown New York. Another obstacle is nature. The wind direction is constantly changing as the violent air currents cause the stern to rotate around the mooring mast. Lead weights can be used to hold down the stern, but hanging these weights over pedestrians is very dangerous. In addition, there is a law that prohibits airships from flying so low over urban areas that it is illegal to tie them to buildings. The idea of making a mooring mast on the Empire State Building was a clever one, but apparently it wasn't possible.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's article "Mooring the Masts," it is clear that the builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges in their attempt to dock their spaceships. The spaceship itself can be a hazard. "...Most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." As happened with the German airship Hindenburg, officials don't want to be in the heart of New York City A similar disaster occurred in York. Additionally, the airship's light mass would make it a target for strong winds. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the violent cyclone." This reality has raised fears that the zeppelin could be blown up into some kind of spire of another building, causing its fragile lining A hole appears. The law also created a barrier to docking blimps at the Empire State Building "...the Empire State Building blimps can no longer be an existing law that prohibits blimps from flying too low in urban areas." The law thwarted many Possible mooring these attempts. The mooring ship was a dream talked about in "Mooring Masts", but there was no chance of it coming true any time soon.
The hurdle faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was, first of all, that the mast that was designed for the top of the Empire State Building was designed only to make it the tallest building in the world, not because it was necessary, so many problems arose. The mast was designed to be a docking station for airships, at the time, airships were very unsafe and lacked a suitable landing area, so this was seen as a good opportunity to have them anchored for refueling, service, and let passengers get on and off. The mooring mast could not simply be placed on top because it would add stress to the building's frame, so the steel frame had to be retrofitted and cost over $60,000. After construction is complete, decide that if an incident like the Hindenburg happens again, it will be worse in a densely populated area like downtown New York. But the biggest obstacle is nature itself, the wind is constantly changing at the top of the building due to the strong air currents, although tied to the mast, the back of the boat will rotate, using a plumb bob will solve this problem, but because they will be in the street Dangling high above pedestrians, it is neither practical nor safe. There is also an existing law that prohibits flying planes too low over urban areas.
While it might seem like a good idea to build a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, many obstacles have prevented this theory from becoming a reality. Builders and architects had to completely change the frame of the building to accommodate the weight of the mast, which cost more than $60,000. Another problem is that most craft other than @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, which is very flammable and would cause a much bigger accident on the ground if the craft suffered the same fate as the Hindenburg. The biggest challenge for masts is constantly changing the wind from the violent currents. This caused the rear of the boat to rotate around the mast, which caused problems even when tied to the mast. On top of that, existing laws already prohibit blimps from flying too low over urban areas, so it is illegal for blimps to approach buildings, let alone be strapped to them. While a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building seemed like a good idea, the feat could not be accomplished due to obstacles.
The Empire State Building's @CAPS1 has to overcome many hurdles to have a spaceship dock on the Empire State Building. They needed to build a mooring mast so that the spacecraft would dock to the building. However, this brings up another problem, because if the spaceship is docked on a building, its weight will be too great for the building. They overcame this obstacle by strengthening the building's supports. The biggest obstacle and frustrating the idea of docking a spaceship on the Empire State Building are just the elements. The turbulent air currents and high winds prevented a ship from being safely tied to the top of the Empire State Building. For example, when the @ORGANIZATION2 ship Los @CAPS2 was trying to get within range of the mooring masts but couldn't handle the blistering winds. In the end, the Empire State Building @CAPS1 failed to overcome obstacles.
Architects in New York worked very hard to build a successful mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, docking the airship for hours for refueling or repairs, and allowing passengers to disembark and disembark. During construction, the architects faced some challenging obstacles that disrupted the chances of the mooring masts opening up and becoming usable. A ship tethered to the top of the Empire State Building by only one cable tether would create tension on the building's frame. Weight and wind pressure need to be transferred to the foundation of the building. Roughly more than @MONEY1 modifications are required to the building frame. Another obstacle is the roof. @PERSON1 writes in her article "Mooring Masts": "When the building is framed to the 85th floor, the roof must be completed before the framing of the mooring masts begins." However, the biggest obstacle is nature itself. The violent airflow caused the wind to change constantly, causing the airship to rotate around the mooring mast. The only solution was to press down the back of the ship with lead weights, but that was a risky one. Last but not least, New York has a route against airships flying to low altitudes in urban areas. The law makes it illegal for an airship to even approach the Empire State Building. With no access to the mooring masts used to dock the spacecraft, the reserved room was turned into the world's tallest soda fountain and a tea garden for tourists and sightseers. By the late 1930s, airships had become the transportation of the past, and planes had flown to the front of the crowd.
Building a building alone is a tough job for the builder, then adding a docking mast to the airship makes it even harder. Architects and builders have had to consult experts on how to proceed and whether it is safe to do so. Architects and builders had to visit the equipment and mooring operations at US Naval Air Station @CAPS1 at Lakehurst, and had to meet the president of an airship transportation company. After careful planning and many meetings, they will begin building this mooring mast. As for construction workers can't just put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building, they have to find another way, they don't want to put stress on the building's frame. They concluded that the building's frame had to be modified, requiring more than $60,000. Workers had to add masts and were towed away due to pedestrian hazards, all in vain.
Empire State Building builder @CAPS1 had immediate problems trying to get the ship to dock there. Their @CAPS1 media dilemma is putting a mooring mast on top of an already completed building. "Thousand-foot ships... can put pressure on the frame of a building." (¶ @NUM1) Not to mention that large ships can also put pressure on buildings. Completing such a project would be very difficult because the building was not designed to dock an airship. This means the roof and top floor will need to be retrofitted to accommodate passengers and travel operations. Nature is also an obstacle for builders @CAPS1. High winds can cause the spacecraft to sway violently. In densely populated areas like @LOCATION1, the counterweight used to tether the airship can also be a safety hazard. Fire is another safety concern for builders. The gases used to keep the spacecraft in the air are highly flammable and would again cause safety problems in millions of cities. Ultimately, all of these factors led to the failure of construction of the Empire State Building's mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One hurdle for builders is wind on top of buildings. The wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even though the airship is tied to the mass, the ship will rotate around the mooring mass. This is not safe for pedestrians. Another issue with landing a spaceship at the Empire State Building is safety. Most spacecraft outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. When a German blimp, the Hindenburg, was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, the @LOCATION3 owner of the Empire State Building realized that in downtown New York, the accident would be worse.
In building the Empire State Building, builders faced many obstacles. One of the first obstacles faced is competition. New York Governor Al Smith is determined to have the world's tallest building, beating out the Chrysler Building, which is also under construction. This created a hurdle as it put pressure on Al Smith and the builders to build such an amazing tower. A second hurdle for builders was having to construct a successful mooring mast on top of the building that would not damage the structure of the building itself. "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, adds stress to the building's frame." Must make changes to the frame over @MONEY1. The last hurdle is that all the work is put on the mooring mast so that it can work. It's dangerous for the airship to land there. Indicatives are highly flammable. It was windy and unsafe, and there was a law against flying too low.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in their efforts to build it. Some of those obstacles were that a thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building was supported by a table, which would add stress to the foundations of fame. The wind at the top of the building is also constantly changing due to strong air currents. This will rotate the rear of the boat. People have long thought about how dangerous it is to use the extremely flammable hydrogen and helium. These are some of the hurdles builders face when trying to make the Empire State Building taller.
The Empire State Building has to face @CAPS1 wind, heavy lifting, high altitude and other dangerous situations every day.
After reading Marcia Amidon Lüsted's Mooring Masts, the obstacles faced by the Empire State Building's builders when trying to get their ships docked there are obvious. The first reason is because it is not secure. First, most spacecraft use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. The chance of fire is particularly bad because it is a densely populated area. Furthermore, "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself" (¶@NUM1). Because the building is so tall, "the wind is constantly changing due to strong air currents" (¶@NUM1). The conclusion was that the airships landed on the landing pad because they could be weighed down behind with lead weights. It is not safe to use this method at the Empire State Building. Clearly, the builders of the Empire State Building faced too many hurdles to get the spaceship docked there.
The builders of the Empire State Building had some problems trying to get the spaceship docked there. @CAPS1 The question is a security one. Most ships @CAPS2 use highly flammable gases such as hydrogen. If the spacecraft ever caught fire above the New York public, that could be a detrimental issue. Another issue is working with nature. There was constant violent air movement at the top of the building, causing the stern to rotate around the mooring mast. The ship cannot simply be pinned behind, as that would be a safety hazard. The final issue facing builders is the law. At the time, current laws prohibited airships from flying too low over cities. It would be illegal to tie a boat to the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many difficulties and obstacles in the process of creating this great building. Creators had planned to make it the tallest building in existence, but were thwarted by engineers at the Chrysler Building. They added a new top to the building, making it 46 feet taller than the Empire State Building. To match these guys, Al Smith decided to add a crown of his own to the building. He built a mooring on the 102nd floor that could accommodate spaceship travel. Once it's in place, he needs to make it compatible with the ship. Six thousand dollars to remodel the frame of the building. They also need to find a safe way to dock the airship. They couldn't find a way to extend the electric winch. Balloons are also powered by flammable gas, which is a safety hazard in big cities. Also, heavy objects cannot be hung on city streets in order to walk along the boat. These issues decimated the ship's popularity, so the mooring never reached its full potential.
In @ORGANIZATION2's segment of The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building tried to make clear the obstacles the ship faced when docked there. These obstacles are safety, nature, and law, and safety is an obstacle because passengers on the airship are at risk. This is evident in the line "... ships outside of @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". The spaceship may have exploded, as many have in the past. Naturally it was a hindrance, because if the weather was bad, it might be difficult for the craft to attach to the mast. This is supported in the citation, "...the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The wind can cause the airship to move around uncontrollably, which is not very safe for anyone . Having a law banning the use of airships in urban areas is an obstacle. The citation explains the law, "This law will prohibit ships from docking at buildings or even near the area." This law makes the mooring mast unnecessary, as it cannot be legally used. The barriers outlined in @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast" paragraph allow architects to avoid wasting money on unprofitable things.
In the process of building the Empire State Building, the builders encountered many obstacles. Al Smith, who designed the building, wanted to make it taller. He attempted to dock the spacecraft to a mooring mast at the top of the building, reaching a height of 1,250 feet. There are obstacles on the way to this goal. Safety is the biggest reason it was never used as a docking station. Hydrogen is used in airships, which are highly flammable. Accidents related to the Hindenburg spacecraft in New Jersey have already occurred. As popular as New York is, they can't risk putting noxious, dangerous gases in populated areas. Another problem preventing the building from being used as a mooring mast is the strong and changing wind currents. The airship would hang high above spinning pedestrians because of the wind, making it very unsafe, or even practical. The last reason was that the Empire State Building couldn't have a mooring mast that would allow airships to land because there was a law that said airships couldn't be too low over urban areas. These are some of the hurdles for the builders of @ORGANIZATION1.
In this excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building had many problems building the dock for the spaceship. The first problem they faced was how they put so much pressure on the structure of the building, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. Another issue for workers is the safety of those in the city below. If the ship catches fire like the Hindenburg, all pedestrians below will be in danger. Additionally, buildings around it will also take damage. As stated in paragraph @NUM2, the base was never actually used. I think they were just trying to find a reason to make the building taller than the Chrysler Building.
Everyone wants to hop on a spaceship and be transported from one place to another. Still, builders face many challenges when trying to do so. One of the challenges included the fact that a single cable tether on the airship would add stress to the building. Additionally, wind pressure is a hazard to consider, as the spacecraft is heavy and can easily fly out and hit people. The building also had to be strengthened to accommodate ships worth more than $60,000. One of the most important reasons a ship is not allowed to dock there is because it is prone to fire. "One of the biggest reasons is safety concerns: most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen gas instead of helium, which is very flammable." (para @NUM1) In general, since dririgibles are allowed to dock there The risk factors, which will always overwhelm the professionals, may one day technology create a safe way to do this.
Based on an excerpt from "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. One of the hurdles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building was that airships could not be moored at the Empire State Building because the wind at the top of the building would be constantly changing due to violent air currents. Another hurdle for builders is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would make airships illegal if they try to approach the area.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple hurdles as they tried to dock the spaceship. The first issue is overall security. Ships built outside the U.S. need to use hydrogen. Hydrogen is an extremely flammable gas and is extremely dangerous. The destruction of the Hindenburg in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937 is an example. It's finally happening, and if a ship is destroyed in a populated area, it could hurt more people. The second hurdle that builders have to face is nature itself. At that altitude, there are strong air currents that cause the wind to change constantly. This is also a danger to the landing of the spacecraft. Even with the ship tethered to the mooring mast, the back will continue to sway. Parking passengers and conducting inspections will be more difficult. Also, airships are often heavier due to the weight of lead. However, because it is so high, this is neither practical nor safe. The final hurdle these builders must face is the law. A specific law does not allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. It is also illegal to bind an airship even near a building. Collectively, these obstacles negate the potential of the mooring mast.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of challenges trying to get their spaceships docked there. The first problem, raised in paragraph 9, was that their original design of the building did not hold the thousand-foot ship with a rope. "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building...adds stress to the frame of the building." @CAPS1 Buildings must be reinforced to handle this new stress. The second problem introduced in paragraph 13 is that airships are made of dangerous elements, "hydrogen is very flammable". The builders of the Empire State Building didn't want to venture into such a densely populated area. In the fourteenth paragraph, the reader learns that the wind speed at the top of the building far exceeds the wind speed in other places where the airship can be docked. This is a problem because when they usually tether the rear end of the airship with ropes and ropes, they can't do it anymore because of where they want to dock. The builders of the Empire State Building tried unsuccessfully to battle the architectural flaws, the safety flaws of the ship, and the flaws of nature that kept the ship parked there.
Al Smith had an incredible vision for the Empire State Building. However, his excitement about allowing the ship to dock on top of the building blinded him to the obvious obstacles in the way. Ships themselves are not safe means of transportation. Hydrogen is very flammable and unsafe near crowds in urban areas like New York. From a practical point of view, the mooring mast will also not work because of the high altitude. The height of the building will have high winds @CAPS1 and it will be difficult for the ship to land and disembark passengers. The last major issue is that there is a law that says airships can't fly too low over urban areas. Irvan Clavan summed it up, saying: "The unresolved problem of mooring an airship on a fixed mast at such a height makes it advisable to delay the final installation of the landing gear until a later date." However, technology quickly rendered the airship obsolete. .
The main problem with landing the Empire State Building is safety. The spaceship is large for one reason. "Some are a thousand feet long, the length of four blocks in New York City." The Empire State Building is @NUM1 feet tall. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." If the spacecraft were to land on a windy day, there was a chance that it would hit other buildings, which would sever the spacecraft's material. Also on a mooring mast, would..."weigh the back with lead weights..." The idea is dangerous. There would be lead weights to anchor the ship to the building, "hanging high above pedestrians in the street, which is neither practical nor safe." Because of all these problems, the ship could never land safely on the mooring mast, which was built problems faced by the users.
There are many reasons why a mooring mast cannot be used. The first reason is wind speed. In fact, "In 1930, the @ORGANIZATION1 spacecraft in Los Angeles approached the mooring mast, but couldn't get close enough to moor due to strong winds." The @CAPS1 spacecraft couldn't even get close enough to dock. Another reason is security. In 1937, the German spacecraft Hindenburg crashed in a fire. It could be worse if their craft lands in a populated area, where thousands of people could die. The last reason is that there is a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. Therefore, it is illegal for an airship to approach the docking point.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several hurdles throughout the construction process. First, many spacecraft are filled with hydrogen rather than helium, and "hydrogen is highly flammable." @CAPS1 After dirigle Hindenburg, Germany, Empire State Building owners "realized how bad an accident could get", which led to the decision not to use the mast as a docking area. Additionally, when Al Smith decided to build additional mooring masts on top of the building, due to the weight of the docked airship, the architect had to invest "more than @MONEY1" to modify the building's frame and enable it to support the weight-suspended airship@ CAPS2, due to high winds, the docking airship did not land properly and was "constantly moving". Can't use lead weights due to the danger and impracticality that the idea might set on @LOCATION1 below. In the end, the overall safety and utility of a mooring mast does not appear to be easy to achieve. El Smith himself said that the engineers were "trying to come up with a workable arrangement. So the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles trying to get the spacecraft to dock on the building.
The ability to dock a ship on top of the Empire State Building, while initially lucrative, ran into a major hurdle. The issues facing the development of the mooring mast will be cost, the flammability of the airship and the weather in excess of NUM1 feet in the air. The structural and cost problem faced by Aylsmith was that "the stress of airship loads and wind pressure had to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which was nearly 1,100 feet below." To overcome this obstacle, "the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be retrofitted, And ... had to do a $60,000+ remodel." This is problematic because Al Smith now has to spend more time and money than originally planned. Also, another problem is that "most craft from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." This is a huge hurdle because of fires "over densely populated areas like downtown New York" Or the explosion would be catastrophic, potentially putting thousands of people at risk. Finally, the weather at the top of the Empire State Building is not suitable for docking the airship: "The wind direction at the top of the building is constantly changing...the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." is dangerous. Due to these issues, Al Smith and engineers were unable to complete the mooring mast.
In @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring Mast", the Empire State Building's builders run into a snag while trying to get their spaceship docked on it. These barriers take precautions of safety, nature itself and law. The first hurdle is security. "Most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." The Empire State Building owners realized that if the ship was destroyed by fire, it would cause a huge accident. Additionally, the accident would be devastating because it occurred in a densely populated area of downtown New York. In addition, "the wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." These will cause the rear of the boat to rotate around the mooring mast. Airships moored in open fields use weight to save weight. However, these cannot be used on top of the Empire State Building as they would hang around walking pedestrians, which is dangerous. Finally, a major hurdle when trying to get an airship to dock on a building is that "current law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas". @CAPS1, that would make it illegal for a boat to be tied to a building or even approach the area. In general, the hurdles faced when trying to get a ship to dock at the Empire State Building caused the idea to disappear entirely.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different things when trying to build docks for their spaceships. The builder must ensure that it is safe to walk on the platform to disembark from the airship. Additionally, the pier had to be high so that the owner could still hold the world record for tallest building. But adding a small hat doesn't do much, so building a dock is a better idea.
The builders of the Imperial Statistical Office building encountered both human and natural problems when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. A major issue is the strength of the building. The steel of the building has little strength to "transmit the stress from the dirigibe's load to the foundation of the building". In addition, "the wind at the top of the building is always moving, full of violent air currents" that push the zeppelin to the edge of the building. It is prohibited for airships to fly too low over urban areas, so it is also illegal for ships to dock on buildings. Price was also a factor, plus the cost of the building, which required an additional $60,000 worth of modifications to the building frame to make the building strong enough to accommodate the airship. Through all these problems, the builders encountered no wonder that docking the ship on the mooring mast was impossible.
According to the excerpt, there are @CAPS1 obstacals on the mast in the morning @CAPS2 of the builder trying to get the ship into the empile state Building. Building a building that is @NUM1 feet tall is hard and adding masts will be even harder. Allowing a flyable land and the Empire State Building would be dangerous. The German ship @CAPS3 was destroyed, causing damage to @CAPS4. "The Empire State Building owners realized that if the accident happened in a densely populated area, like the city center, it could be worse." So the mast was erected but never used as a ship @CAPS2.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's "Mooring Masts" excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of hurdles. Building something on the Empire State Building that would dock a spaceship there was a daring and dangerous job. Builders face many obstacles. One obstacle is wind. "The wind on the top of the building is constantly changing because of the strong air currents." That would make it very difficult to build because everything would be blown up. Another hurdle was that "the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." This meant that builders first had to make the building strong enough to support the stops before they could start building them. These two hurdles for builders make building stops more difficult. It took longer because they first had to make the frame of the building stronger. They must also watch the wind to avoid injury.
@CAPS1 The tool to use when docking with Dirigibles is even if they are tied to the front. The rear end will still spin in the wind. They can't wait in the back because if they fall they will @CAPS2 podestriens. There was a law in the past that boats could not be docked on buildings or even near rural areas. Here are some of the conundrums that workers face.
Technology has not caught up with the spaceship. They couldn't dock because neither the building nor the spaceship had the proper equipment, one of the hurdles faced by the Empire State Building's builders. For @CAPS1: When they have to deliver the newspaper.
One of the hurdles in trying to get a spaceship docked at the Empire State Building is strengthening the building's frame. “The stress of the ship loads and wind pressure must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which is below nearly 1100 feet (@NUM1 segment).” If the building is not reinforced, all the pressure and force will bring the building down. Another obstacle to perfecting the docking airship is modifying its safety. "Most ships from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable (@NUM2 paragraph)." If a ship is destroyed by fire in downtown New York, I guarantee a very serious and dangerous accident. Downtown New York is densely populated, and a destroyed spaceship in downtown New York endangers the passengers of the spaceship and pedestrians in the center of the city. In addition to the two obstacles explained above, naturally another obstacle to the Empire State Building. Strong winds can affect buildings and even ships. "Winds on top of buildings are constantly changing due to strong air currents (@NUM3 paragraph)." High winds may force the rear of the craft to rotate around the mooring masts. Rotating boats over pedestrians are not safe. The law states that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. Flying too low over urban areas puts pedestrians and passengers at risk again. The ship could be blown by the wind to the spires of other buildings in the area. These are the obstacles to successfully docking the spacecraft.
The architects of the mooring masts were blind to the number of problems that could arise. The balloons aren't very strong, and if they don't already know, the top of the Empire State Building is windy. The wind can push the ship directly into its pinnacle of doom. They don't really have a way to control something that can move, because it's usually lead blocks that hold it in place. From the air on the 102nd floor, this is not the safest plan. Also, most non-@CAPS1 spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. In crowded New York City, such a fireball would be devastating because hydrogen is highly flammable. Builders really should have planned for this better.
The builders of the Empire State Building (@ORGANIZATION2) faced a number of hurdles when it came to constructing the mooring masts for the spaceships to dock. Headwinds, the flammability of foreign ships and airspace laws have all hindered the production of airship terminals. High up in New York, the wind is dangerous. If the airship tried to dock there, the back would be whipped and someone could end up hurting. It's dangerous to be that high. Many foreign spacecraft are filled with hydrogen, which, as the Hindenburg saw, is extremely flammable. When this happened, the owners of @ORGANIZATION2 thought it was too risky to fly these things over populated areas. There are laws that prohibit low-altitude planes from flying over dense urban areas, so they can't be parked, or they'll break the law every time they do. This is not a risk that shipowners want to take. The idea of a mooring mast is a very ill-considered one. Builders forget that wind, the flammability of ships and airspace laws will ultimately prevent the mast from being successful. Now @ORGANIZATION2 just has a long, useless pole on it.
Weight is the obstacle they face. "A thousand-foot-long ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The ship's load and the pressure of wind pressure must be transferred all the way to the building's foundation, which is nearly a mile underground. One thousand one hundred feet. The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and reinforced to accommodate this new situation." The weight of the ship was too heavy for the frame, which wasn't built to be that heavy. Some ships are highly flammable "Most ships from outside the U.S. use hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable." They felt it was dangerous because it was in a populated area. Air pressure is another obstacle. "Fear that the wind would blow the ship against the spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the ship's outer shell..." The final hurdle is the law. "Another specific reason that airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying to low altitudes in urban areas. This law would prohibit ships from mooring on the building, even close to the area. .." Due to the location of the Empire State Building , this law does not allow spacecraft to land on the Empire State Building.
According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered a number of hurdles when trying to get the Drigibles to dock there. "An architect can't simply put a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." That was the first struggle, a thousand-foot ball would add too much stress to the frame. “The pressure and wind pressure of the pellet load must be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building.” Considering the foundation is below 1,100 feet, this is another hurdle that builders must overcome. The Empire State Building must then be reinforced and remodeled to provide a stronger foundation for the ships parked on the Empire State Building. These are some of the many obstacles that builders face when designing a mast.
In the excerpt from "Mooring Masts," builders face a few hurdles. Some of the obsticales faced have to do with the strength of the frame. Architects cannot simply place the mooring mast on the flat roof of the building because it puts a lot of stress on the frame. As a result, a $60,000 renovation was made to the building's frame. Another anchor point for the mooring mast was never destined to fulfill its purpose.
The architects who built the Empire State Building had a big problem trying to get the mooring masts to the very top. The second sentence in paragraph @CAPS1 states, "A thousand-foot ship moored to the top of a building, held in place by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." Despite the many problems facing architects, this is the biggest problem. This meant they had to change the building structure to make it work. It says at the bottom of the @CAPS1 paragraph that more than $60,000 worth of modifications must be made.
In this excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "Mooring the Mast", the Empire State Building's builders ran into a lot of obstacles when trying to get the airship to dock to the mast. Wind has proven to be a very big problem for airships. Not only did they swing dangerously when tethered to the mast, but on a few occasions, the craft actually approached the Empire State Building, where they couldn't get close enough due to the wind. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to the strong air currents." Another thing holding back the use of the Empire State Building's pier is the danger it poses to the buildings and people below. Hydrogen, the gas the spacecraft uses to float, is highly flammable. "When the German ship was destroyed by fire, ... the owner ... realized how bad the accident could get ... over populated areas." The third and final hurdle they faced was banning airships from flying in urban areas Laws that are too low. "This law would prohibit ships from being tied to buildings." Given all the potentially dangerous and frustrating circumstances, it's no wonder the Empire State Building was never used to dock ships.
The hurdle that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered when trying to get the spaceship docked there was a thousand-foot-long spaceship parked on top of the building. Because it is held in place by a single cable tether, this adds stress to the building's frame. Another obstacle was that the ship's loads and wind pressure had to be transferred to the building's foundation, which was located nearly 1,110 feet below. Still, the Empire State Building's steel frame had to be remodeled and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. In total, this cost over $60,000 worth of modifications.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered a lot of hurdles when it came to building the spaceship dock. One of the main things is that there is a law that prohibits the use of low-altitude aircraft in urban areas like New York City. Another reason is that it is not safe to dock these huge airships that high. Almost NUM100 feet above the wind will be very strong, and since the tail of the airship is not fixed, it is likely to spin and end up tangled with the mast. Also, it's not safe because many foreign airships are loaded with highly flammable hydrogen, which could be very tragic if a Hindenburg fire-like accident happened in a city like New York City. Finally, to construct the mast, the builder must reinforce the frame of the building so that it can withstand the stress that such a station puts on the structure.
The builders faced several different hurdles in order to dock the spaceship on top of the Empire State Building. One hurdle for builders is how they want to modify the building to be able to support "a building, anchored by a single cable tether with a thousand-foot mooring spaceship on top," because that would add too much stress to the building's frame. Another hurdle along with modifications to the building's frame is money. Building the new structure will cost "modifications worth over $60,000." However, one of the most important hurdles is security. While most airships in the United States use helium, hydrogen is used mostly abroad. Hydrogen is highly flammable and absolutely impossible to find in a densely populated city like New York. Other safety hazards listed were the wind, "due to the violent currents constantly changing", because the back of the airship couldn't "fly the airship too low for the city's existing laws", which would make their attempts to be dragged down and not only dangerous , and illegal. In the end, the mooring mast was never finished.
According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few hurdles. One of the hurdles is making sure airships and other air vehicles don't interfere with buildings. Another hurdle that builders have to contend with is securing the docking area. Because if the airship is near a city like @CAPS1.Y, all the combustible fuel will leak. This will be a catastrophe. These are the hurdles facing builders.
In "Mooring Masts" by @ORGANIZATION1, many of the problems with the Empire State Building mast are explained. One of the many problems is that large loose fittings tied to a building's mast can add stress to the building, potentially causing it to collapse. But the problem was solved by strengthening the foundations of the building. The second problem with docking an airship at the Empire State Building is the highly flammable gas that the airship once became lighter than air. If the ship caught fire, its metal frame could fall to the ground, endangering the citizens below. A final hazard is that when the ship is docked, strong air currents from the building could cause the ship's tail to spin on the mast. One way to get around this is to put lead weights on the back of the boat. However, if one of the heavy objects fell from the airship, it could injure pedestrians below. Due to these problems, the mast will never be usable.
@CAPS2 and @CAPS3 faced @CAPS1 hurdles when designing a dock for a spaceship atop the Empire State Building. One problem is they can't @CAPS4 put the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building because it's too @CAPS5 for the frame of the building. So due to this issue, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 had to figure out a way to modify the frame of the building so that the building could withstand the extra stress of the mooring masts. Another problem they face is that @CAPS4 is too dangerous. I'm considered dangerous because most ships are filled with extremely flammable hydrogen, they can't happen at @CAPS8 happen @CAPS9 happen in Hindenburg happening on the 102nd floor above the city streets are packed with people. So @CAPS4 are some of the issues @CAPS2 faced while building the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building
@CAPS1 said the biggest obstacle is nature itself. The wind will blow the airship against the spires of other buildings.
Builders face many problems that should have been foreseen. Perhaps the biggest reason is that the @CAPS1 spacecraft use hydrogen rather than helium as their gas of choice. Because hydrogen is highly flammable, it would be doom for New York if it exploded. Weather also poses a great risk. If there's a ship dock there, the violent airflow will keep changing. Using a plumb bob puts pedestrians at risk. This idea is neither safe nor practical. Perhaps one of the most obvious risks is the law. There is a law that allows airships to fly to low altitudes in urban areas. For these reasons, it makes the Empire State Building an unsafe landing zone.
After completing @ORGANIZATION1, the architects wanted to start mooring the spacecraft immediately. However, they were never able to moor any ships due to three potential problems the architects had never been aware of before. One problem is that most @CAPS1 spacecraft use hydrogen instead of helium. This is a problem because hydrogen is extremely flammable, and after Hindenburg @CAPS2 in @ORGANIZATION2, architects fear a similar catastrophe could occur in @CAPS3, but with more deaths. Another problem is high winds. Because of the high winds at the top of the building, it was nearly impossible to keep the airship stable. Also, the airship will spin when strapped to the building because there is nothing to hold down the front and rear. The third problem is that there is a law that prohibits flying airships at the altitude required to park at the Empire State Building. That's why no spacecraft has ever successfully parked on the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. First of all, as stated in paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building . More than @MONEY1 funds. Funds leading to steel frame reinforcement and renovation. Hence the need to redo the basic building blocks of operations. Second, the biggest concern is security. This is because most fusibles are very flammable. They consist of helium, an extremely flammable gas. Also, if a flying saucer is mounted on top of the Empire State Building, its back will sway from side to side. This could have a chance to unload and hit a populated area. These are some of the reasons for the obstacles trying to get Drigibles docked on top of the Empire State Building.
In constructing the Empire State Building, builders faced many hurdles, and another hurdle in trying to get the spaceship docked was that the builders overcame the laws that prevented the spaceship from flying too low over urban areas (i.e. plains or airships). In #NUM1, we learned that "[the law] will make it illegal for ships to be permanently tied to buildings or even close to the area." Another obstacle the Empire State Building construction crew faced when constructing mooring masts was nature itself. Due to the soaring currents near the top of the building, the way the wind blows is constantly changing, causing any spacecraft to have great difficulty connecting to the mast properly. In section @NUM2, tell us how if it were possible the mast attached to the back of the spaceship would swing. "Mooring ships in open landing fields can be dragged down with lead blocks on the back, but using these on the Empire State Building, where they'll be dangling from above, high on pedestrians on the street, is neither practical nor safe. " The mooring mast project was shut down because there were too many obstacles without adequate safety options; proving that its builders faced too many obstacles during construction.
Designing a mast for a spaceship landing is no easy task, architects can't just put a mooring mast on the flat roof of @ORGANIZATION1. The pressure of a thousand-foot ship will transfer weight and wind pressure all the way to the foundation. To be able to construct this mast, the Empire State Building had to be remodeled and strengthened. First, the architects "designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that can be illuminated from within, with a steep design that mimics the overall structure of the building itself." This rocket-shaped mast will have four wings at its aluminum corners, and will rise to a conical roof to accommodate the mooring arms. For the winches and control machinery for mooring the ship, they will be placed behind the machinery. Finally, when this is all done, the existing building plans will be in place.
Builders of mooring masts have to face many obstacles. They thought it would be an easy task, and as seen in paragraph 8, Al Smith was asked about the mooring mast, to which he replied: "[It's] on level, okay. No kidding. We're Work on it now." This shows how convinced Smith is about the simplicity of the goal. While determination was an important factor in the construction of this world-famous monument, problems have been preventing success. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, the author describes how the Empire State Building fails to achieve its purpose, even though the workers should have known better. "When the German airship Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that things would change if the accident happened over a densely populated area," she said. How bad. Like downtown New York." @CAPS1 has been declining, one of which is nature. In the end, the workers gave up after the project was delayed for safety reasons. By the late 1930s, the idea of a mooring mast had all but disappeared. What really matters is that they tried and it was just a dream.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, "Mooring Masts," the builders of the Empire State Building had some problems trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. One of the first issues they face is safety. "Most spacecraft from outside the US use hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable" (Lüsted, @NUM1). Builders must keep this in mind. The next obstacle they faced was nature and its wind. "Wind changes on top of buildings due to strong air currents," (@NUM2). Wind will be a major issue builders will have to deal with because it is so unpredictable. Finally, builders have to worry about a law about airships flying too low over urban areas "This law will prohibit boats from docking on buildings, even close to the area," (@NUM3). The builders of the Empire State Building had to face security, natural and legal difficulties trying to get the spacecraft to dock at the Empire State Building.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced safety, natural and legal hurdles when trying to get the spacecraft to dock there. Safety concerns become apparent as most airships built outside of @LOCATION1 are made with highly flammable hydrogen gas instead of helium. It would be devastating to risk destroying a person atop such a bustling city. Nature has also become a question of futile attempts by builders. Under such "dramatic drafts" (¶ @NUM1), the airship would spin even when strapped to the mooring mast. In the end, the law is an obstacle for builders. Existing legislation prohibits blimps from "flying too low over urban areas" (¶ @NUM2), which means blimps will not be able to land on top of urban buildings. Obstacles such as safety, nature and law have thwarted attempts to land an airship on the Empire State Building.
In @CAPS1, there were a lot of problems with the docking of the ship. One, boarding passengers will be very difficult as the airship will be in a gust of wind @CAPS2. Second, the gas used for flotation is highly flammable and can easily explode.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when it came to docking the spaceship there. First, it's a huge security concern. "Most craft from outside the US use hydrogen...hydrogen is highly flammable" (@NUM1 paragraph) In the event of an accident in NYC (let's say the Hindenburg scale), thousands of people may die from highly flammable substances. A second very big question is how to successfully use the mooring mast. "The wind at the top of the building is constantly changing due to airflow" (paragraph @NUM2). Strong winds could hang dangerously over the heads of the people of New York if the winds got out of control and the ship wasn't tethered. Among many other reasons and the use of common sense, it is clear that the construction of this mooring mast should not be considered realistic.
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's The Mooring Mast, you learn about plans for the Empire State Building, but you also learn why the Mooring Mast can't be used for its original purpose. The mooring mast is planned to be used as a docking station for the airship or blimp. One of the reasons mooring masts can't dock these is because outside of the US, hydrogen gas is used instead of helium. The excerpt states that "Most craft outside of the US use hydrogen gas instead of highly flammable helium." (¶ @NUM1) @CAPS1 They don't have large fires in populated areas. Another reason it doesn't work is violent airflow. The excerpt states "Due to strong air currents, the wind on top of the building is constantly changing. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast." (¶ @NUM2) @CAPS1 Encountered this problem, they will have to worry that the mast will be removed. The last reason is because of the law. The excerpt states that "existing law prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas" (¶ @NUM3) to build masts close to humans, allowing them to dock there. @CAPS1 While the mast is a brilliant idea, it can't be done right now, it's just a dream.
The builders and architects of the Empire State Building had many problems trying to dock the spaceship on top. The first problem was that there were very strong winds near the top of the building, which made it difficult for captains to control their boat. When fastened to the mast with a tether, the craft would wind around the spire, making it nearly impossible to transfer passengers. Another big problem that builders couldn't overcome was the densely populated streets below the Empire State Building. That means a disaster like the Hindenburg tragedy in New Jersey could cause more casualties in New York City. In the end, one of the most glaring hurdles for builders to overcome is current laws that prohibit airships from flying over urban areas. The law makes it illegal to fly airships at the altitude required to dock on the mast of the Empire State Building. With these hurdles, it's likely that the Empire State Building's builders will never achieve their dream of docking the spaceship on the mast.
One obstacle for the builders of the Empire State Building @CAPS1 was weight. If the story says "A thousand-foot ship moored on top of a building, held in place by a cable tether, will add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the ship's load and wind pressure must all be transferred to the way to the building's foundation, It's nearly @NUM1 feet below. Another obstacle is nature. The story says: "The biggest obstacle to successful mooring mast use is nature itself. The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong airflow. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the boat will rotate around the mooring mast. "
The architects had to go through many obstacles, such as having to rebuild the entire frame of the Empire State Building. In paragraph 9 it says "architects cannot simply put mooring masts on the flat roof of the Empire State Building." @CAPS1 They had to modify and strengthen the whole thing to fit the new situation. Another hurdle they have to face is that hydrogen is highly flammable. When a German spaceship was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that such an accident could be worse on the crowded streets of New York. Another obstacle is nature itself. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents." The rear of the boat will spin but can be held down with a plumb but like in paragraph @NUM1 "At the Empire State Building Use these, and they'll hang in the air, neither practical nor safe." / Time
@CAPS1 at the Empire State Building ran into a lot of hurdles trying to get the ship docked there. For example, a gust of wind blowing at that altitude is almost impossible to stop. "The wind on top of the building is constantly changing due to strong air currents. Even if the airship is tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the boat will rotate around the mooring mast". @CAPS2 won't land the airship there because the text says the wind is unstable at that altitude and the boat will be bumpy in the air. Another hurdle @CAPS1 faces is the regularity of airships flying low. "Another practical reason why airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas. The law would prohibit ships from mooring on buildings, even close to the area." That is, even if airships could It is also illegal to park at the Empire State Building, because all airships must fly a certain height above the city. The workers who built the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles in getting the spacecraft to dock there. The hurdles to overcome are simply too great. Therefore, no spacecraft has successfully docked there, and never will be.
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. Getting the ship to dock on the mast was too complicated, and the builders didn't realize it at first. The most complicated hurdle is how the builders can safely anchor the airship, not just let it spin, but without ripping the building off its foundations. Construction crews also have to worry about whether it's safe and if it's allowed. Another major hurdle is that not only are airships too low off the ground to dock, but they're mostly composed of hydrogen rather than the very flammable helium. After all, it takes effort to succeed. Al Smith and his colleagues had to act in the best interests of the people of New York.
Airships are large steel-framed balloons wrapped in cotton and filled with hydrogen and helium. In the early 1930s, the new idea arose that the spaceship would be docked on top of the Empire State Building in New York. After reading "Mooring Masts" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, we learned about the obstacles faced by builders. The authors note that "the biggest obstacle to the successful use of mooring masts is nature itself. The wings on top of the building are constantly moving due to strong air currents". The spaceship will be constantly moving and moving. The authors also noted that "another practical reason airships cannot be moored at the Empire State Building is that existing laws prohibit airships from flying too low over urban areas." The law was created for safety reasons. The builders, due to two major obstacles; nature and law, could not have the spaceship docked at the Empire State Building.
If the builders of the Empire State Building had planned to park their ships there, they would have encountered many obstacles. The first and most serious concern is the safety of passengers and pedestrians on the streets below. The spacecraft is filled with highly flammable hydrogen. In New Jersey in 1937, the spacecraft Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire. This disaster would have been worse if it had happened to the people of New York City. Nature also poses a great threat to the completion of the docking mast. The airship (airship) will be constantly moving due to the airflow on top of the building. The only way to control the sway of the airship is to use weights to hold the airship down, again putting the public at risk. In addition to natural disasters, it is illegal for an airship to dock at the Empire State Building because of current laws. The idea of having a spaceship docked on a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building is completely unrealistic.
The builders of the Empire State Building encountered as many obstacles as nature, law, and sharp spires when trying to get the spaceship to dock there. Nature is probably the biggest problem because you can't control the wind. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building is so strong because "...the stern will turn around..." This makes it difficult to land and disengage the ship. Law is also an issue. There is a law that prohibits "...airships from flying too low in urban areas". The spire at the top of the building is sharp enough to eject a ship flying over it. If the ship hits it, it will eject the ship and kill many people below.
One hurdle the builders encountered when trying to build the structure wasn't to make the airship landing easy for everyone. Airships are very fast, 8 miles per hour, they are the size of four blocks in New York City, @NUM1 segment. This is a problem for the builder because the airship is very large and so is the building itself. Size is an issue, as huge airships won't land in the right space. Not having time is always an issue as the building will not be completed on time. Builders always have to hold back because "engineers consulted experts...architect met with the president" paragraph @NUM2. Delays in building buildings to meet people take up a lot of time. Problems arise when something is tall and wide.
Some of the problems with building docking airships are natural causes such as high winds mentioned in ¶6. Airships are highly flammable due to the hydrogen used to make them fly. Another important factor is that the project is taking place in a densely populated area, which means that if anything goes wrong, there could be harm to civilians.
The builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few snags when trying to get the spaceship docked there. One problem they had was the high winds that blew the airship high into the air, with people on board, and "the wind on top of the building was changing all the time". Another setback is that it is illegal to fly an aircraft so low, "it is illegal to tie a boat to a building". Also, docking a spacecraft that runs on hydrogen is dangerous, because hydrogen is highly flammable. The Empire State Building's mooring mask is nothing but a tourist attraction.
The hurdle for the builders of the Empire State Building was that they couldn't be more in the Empire State Building than existing laws that prohibited airships from flying too low in urban areas. The law would prohibit ships from docking on the building or even approaching the area, although two ships did try to reach the building before the whole idea was abandoned.
You want me to tell you what they had to go through to get the ship to dock there? ! Well, to be honest, they have to go through a lot, like "one obstacle is the lack of a suitable landing zone", and another "the obstacle I have to say is nature"! Let me tell you why I chose these obstacles. continue reading! They wanted to park the spaceship at the Empire State Building. I say want because the plan there is wrong for a lot of things that don't work. Like the fact that they say "one obstacle is the lack of a suitable landing spot", if nothing bad happens, they can't find a suitable landing zone for the airship. Another "the obstacle they run into is nature" I say natural because if the wind blows it can blow some people away. So those are my main hurdles, they have to go through @CAPS1 to get the ship docked there.
Patience is when you wait. I was patient while waiting in line for lunch. I didn't cut people to eat. I stood waiting for my turn. Be patient, some people don't. A lot of people cut or yell at you just because they don't have any patience. Sometimes people push you away. They do it only because they have no patience at all. Patience is what people need. People need patience because many feelings can be hurt. Everyone should be patient.
I'm not a patient person, like I can't sit for more than five minutes, but at one point I was patient and I bet I also enjoyed riding a bike with no auxiliary wheels. When I learned how to ride a bike when I was five, I just kept falling over at one point where my bike flipped and I nearly broke my jaw, but I didn't. Finally learned how to ride a bike after @NUM1 weeks of sudden falls, I rode @NUM2 minutes without falling.
I was at the basketball practice one day and I was running with my team and when I was really thirsty we committed suicide (running practice) I asked the coach if we could go for a drink and the coach said "Double run after that" Lower Back Exercise" @CAPS1 I did the exercise and we all rushed to the water cooler and I was at the bottom of the @NUM1 girls team. I waited and waited until finally I faced that water dispenser and a girl said "Can I have a drink? Thank you" and if I'm stunned, all I can do is...that's what I heard from a smart The voice of the lady letting go! " I'm @CAPS1 crazy, but I drank @NUM2 seconds of water quickly and rushed to the coach, now I'm the first of many, I drink for a long time, and my teammates call me a fish!
I'm going to write about one time I went to the @ORGANIZATION1 show, we had a great time, we saw the car we wanted to get on, so we got in line. Suddenly, we noticed that we were at the end of the line. So my mom said. " @CAPS1 and ride again". We've tried other rides," my dad said. So we stayed at the end of the line until it was our turn and said that was the last ride, and soon there were people behind us complaining, their young kids Angry, parents were yelling. We just stood there and kept being patient. It didn't let us down. Because we grew up being patient, waiting for our turn to do things. I think patience is important because if you line up , you might make people think they're holding you back, but that's the slowness of the queue. Advice: don't yell, scream, shout, or yell at anyone while you're waiting at the end of the line, it just Cause trouble. Just don't think about everyone in front of you, talk to someone, just forget about it for a while and then you'll notice that the team is moving faster than you expected. PS We enjoyed the ride.
It can be hard for someone to be patient. If you are patient, then you are understanding and tolerant. Sometimes you have to be patient. You need to be very patient when you go to the dentist or doctor's office. One girl had to go to the dentist. She hates dentists. always so boring. First, you're sitting there while your parents do a lot of paperwork. You have to sit there for @NUM1 minutes before you go in. Then, when you finally go in, they start working on your teeth for about ten minutes, and then you sit for another fifteen minutes. Finally, when you're done cleaning your teeth, you'll sit for another ten minutes while your parents talk to the dentist. So, sometimes you need to be patient, even if you're dying of boredom.
There is a girl named @PERSON1. She likes to be with her mother. Every weekend they either go to a movie, entertainment or water park @CAP PS3 or stay at home. But this time is different. @PERSON1 is even a little scared that @CAPS1 is about @CAPS3 happening. Today is @DATE1 and @PERSON1 and her mom is watching videos of her mom as a kid. After the video, @PERSON1 and her mom looked at each other and laughed. @PERSON1's mom looked sad once they settled in. "@CAPS1 got the wrong mom?" @PERSON1 asked. "I have @CAPS3. I let @CAPS3 go to work somewhere and can't take you with me," Mom replied. "Isn't it @CAPS2?" asked @PERSON1. "I don't know, but I need you @CAPS3 and your dad here to wait. I'll be back soon," Mom said calmly. With that @PERSON1 mom leaving and driving away. @PERSON1 stood there bewildered, hoping her mom didn't leave @CAPS3. Then she went to @CAPS3 to call her dad. An hour later, @PERSON1's dad came to @CAPS3 her house. He calmed @PERSON1, she has been crying because she misses her mom. @PERSON1 went to @CAPS3 her room and started @CAPS3 patiently waiting for her mom. It's been weeks and @PERSON1's mom hasn't come back. Now every night @PERSON1 is crying wishing her mom would come. During the day she would wait to see her mother. @PERSON1 wants her mom now more than ever. Although see never complained to @CAPS3 about her dad and understands her mom left for a big reason, she still misses her mom. It's been two years since @PERSON1's mom left. @PERSON1 didn't cry too much, but still waiting. Waiting for her mom @CAPS3 to get back. One day @PERSON1 heard a knock on the door, she answered and her mother was standing there. They stood on the porch for a while, then hugged each other. They all cried and her mom whispered, "Sorry." @CAPS3 @PERSON1. Now @PERSON1 and she are inseparable. They never left each other's side.
UN Patience @CAPS1. My name is @CAPS2 and I have a very stylish impatient horse named @CAPS1. @CAPS1 is a sorrel quarter horse with a white star on his forehead, very impatient. He's always stylish and ready to go. For example, he wouldn't stand still when I gave him an injection at the post when we were getting ready to ride on the train at the back. He was always so far ahead when we were on the road that I had to stop him from waiting for the group. That's when he gets impatient. He wasn't going to stand and wait for the line anyway, so I had to turn him around and walk back to the line. Every time I try to train him to be patient, I always fail. I guess he always has to do something. But no matter how impatient he is, I will always love him.
I was patient once, when I pre-ordered a video game called @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I pre-ordered it a month before it was released, and I couldn't wait to release it. I want it most because @ORGANIZATION1 is the company that made it and it was the last game @ORGANIZATION1 made because some other company bought the @CAPS1 series from @ORGANIZATION1. When the game finally released on @DATE1 14 2000 I bought it with a friend and the game is great. I would give it four out of five stars. I'm not addicted to it. I only play about two hours a day, which is how all my parents made me play. Hala @CAPS2 is my favorite game.
I was patient one time when I wanted a phone and I didn't get one, knowing that one day I would get one. Finally got my phone @DATE1 it was my @NUM1 birthday. I was opening presents and I didn't know what I got, but the last big gift I found was a cell phone. So I called my friend and she said who you called and I said mine. I can't believe I've endured this for so long. I'm glad I could endure this long. I didn't know anyone could be so patient. Once I got my phone, I didn't have the patience to wait for text messages to come back to me. I have patience after all, just wait until I get a text back. I wish I could be patient every day, but I can't. I'm glad I have a phone so I can call my mom when I'm done with all the activities and then I know she's on her way and I'll be patient with her: can I just be more patient. Some days I have no patience for anything. One day I will teach others to be patient with me and I will gladly do so. But one day and every day after that, I will be patient with everyone. I want everyone to have patience one day, and patience means you will wait for that day or that moment in your life. This is my time to be patient, and I want others to be patient too. I hope that one day everyone in the world will be patient with everyone. Please help others to be patient and they can teach others new things every day. I will be patient or try to be patient for another event in my life. I hope you have patience sometimes. Thank you for reading My Patient Time and I Want to Be Patient. Hope you like his story.
I think patience is when you have to stay calm. This is also the time to water. For some people, patience is very difficult. But it's easy for me. Sometimes I can be hospitalized, but everyone can. Patience is a new torture, but I did it. A lot of times I get angry if I have to be too patient. I don't think the @PERCENT1 people in the world like to be patient. Patience pays off, you really have patience!
You know, life gets harder when you don't have a patient. If you don't, then I'll tell you why. For a while I found out I was going @LOCATION1 Now that's the good part, but when I ask "how do we get there?" we have to take off right away, I know I have to be very patient, I don't think I have enough patients to fly @LOCATION1. Although I got through it. Now the worst part is when I get to @LOCATION1 it's very hot outside. We had to stand outside waiting for the bus. It was so hot I lost all my patients and was so pissed at everyone I thought I was going to blow up! Just because I don't want to wait any longer. Haha I woke up and I started that's why it was easier to wait, the bus finally showed up and I already felt better.
It's a nice sunny day and I'm stuck in a doctor's office with no air conditioning. This doctor's office has @NUM1 chairs in a filthy waiting room. I've been in a room for @NUM3 minutes with about @NUM2 people. I'm trying to be patient, but patience is fading. Sweat dripped from my face on my black @PERSON1 short-@CAPS1 shirt. I started getting hot and angry, but I was patient. I know if I'm going to get more pissed it won't help or make time go faster. Then suddenly, "creeeeeck", the door opened. A tall white woman in green schrubs said: "@CAPS2."
The time I have the patience is @DATE1 when I line up to ride the car at @CAPS1 point. It's a super hot day and my best friend and I are at @CAPS1 o'clock and we're getting ready to go racing. The line is about an hour long and the sun is hitting you so it feels like forever to me. Just as we were about to get into the car, they stepped on us because the ride was not normal. So we had to wait @NUM1 minutes more. Luckily, my best friend and I have good patients, unlike some of the others who rush out of there in the first five minutes. We waited to get in the car and it was one of the most fun experiences of my life. "I'm glad we waited" @PERSON1 my best friend said. Some people have the patience like @PERSON1 and I do, some people don't like people running out there. I'm glad we waited, otherwise it wouldn't have happened. In this case, the patient is a good thing for @PERSON1 and me.
One day my football team was in our game against the lions. When the game started, I was on the bench and I was the worst on the team. We went up @NUM1 after @DATE1 but my coach still put me on the bench and I just sat there cheering me on. The next quarter is over and it's a tie @NUM2. Midway through @DATE2 the star player got injured so the coach put me on the court. I'm just chasing the ball and I don't know what to do. With a minute left, I was standing next to their goalkeeper and one of my teammates shot and the ball went through the air and hit me in the foot. The ball redirected to the goal where my team started cheering and we were at @NUM3. @DATE After 2 minutes, the horn went off and everyone cheered again and lifted me up. That's how patience helped me.
This is a story about my patience on @LOCATION1 "@LOCATION1 so this is what happened on @LOCATION1. I lined up to order some sausage, eggs, pancakes with atia syrup, brown and orange juice, keep me cool The derille sat on a guy's head, ordered something and sat down, I was a little pissed' I still had patience, but then I was really pissed because the steak head was his before me, and walked in first Here. So then I calmed down because a nice cute girl came in sequence and sat down where I was sitting, then an old man thought there was god and hips and they and they ordered to sit down. Finally, me and the girl finally Got the food, showed the seniors we challenged them to a surf competition, but mostly just sat and waited, be patient even through @NUM1 in @TIME1.
Tick, tick, tick, tick. Patience is hard for some but easy for others. I am not a very patient person. I'll talk about a time when I'm patient. (The only time) Once my mom and sister we went to the doctor because my sister had a doctor's appointment. I asked my mom how long it would take and she said "about @NUM1 minutes". @CAPS1 I said ok. @CAPS1 We arrived and she asked me if I wanted to go in and I said no, I'll wait in the car. @CAPS1 I was waiting in the car, I got the boate , turned on the music, is this? ? ? About @NUM2 or @NUM3 inches. I got tired of listening to music after about @NUM4. @CAPS1 I'm trying to fall asleep. That doesn't work @CAPS1 I go out to stretch because my arms and legs are tight. It was @NUM5 and my mom and sister came walking. That's when I'm patient.
One day @CAPS1 went to school as early as @TIME1. Did he just go? ? If it's a normal day, go to his star class in @NUM1 grade. He chatted with his friends all-stars, and then dismissed the get out of class. Then he goes to @NUM2 hours science, has a lab and partners. @CAPS3 He and @PERSON2 decided to become partners. Halfway through the lab, they didn't know what to do. @CAPS3 @CAPS1 walked up to the teacher and interrupted her and another student. @CAPS3 Teacher said to be with you for a while, but he continued to annoy her. @CAPS3 He took a step. Later that day, he was at @CAPS2, writing a worksheet, but the teacher was writing it with the principal. @CAPS3 He decided to wait for her to finish @CAPS3 He won't get in trouble, but it took longer than expected @CAPS3 He solved the next problem. Then the teacher came back and he got her help. @CAPS3 wraps up @PERSON1 learned two lessons that day. You might get bogged down and take a step out of impatience. Second, if you're courteous, courteous, and patient in class, you can be rewarded with a letter-citizen rating. @PERSON1 did it that day.
I remember there was a famous lunatic named @PERSON1 who liked a stunt that required a lot of patents and guts, and it was named "@CAPS1 In Time". Madichian must stay in ice for @NUM1 days or @NUM2 hours! The great Madic has only one sweater. When the majestic madichian said "I can hear almost anything," he opened the ice to the public. He waited for hours as if he had fallen on the abyss or the abyss. until the last few seconds are over. Madichian is finally free. and still alive
I woke up one day a few years ago and my mother said we were going to my grandmother's house. So start preparing. After getting dressed, I watched. My dresser grabs my @MONEY2 @MONEY3 I'm saving up to buy something in case we go to the store When we get there I see my cousin's dad @CAPS1 walking a puppy. I walked over and asked him about the dog and he said it was his brother's dog and he was selling it. My mom said I could have a dog, so I asked him how much it cost to slide. @CAPS1 said @MONEY1. I'm really excited because I have @MONEY2 and can get @MONEY3 from my grand. So I called my mom but she was busy elsewhere but she told me she wanted to see this dog before I bought it. So @CAPS1 waited for them for hours, but my mom waited forever. In the end I couldn't wait to buy him. But I wow not mad because she ended up liking him
The time I have endured is not long ago. It's a day of boredom and waiting. I went to the candy store to buy some candy and I want a truck soda. The man told me to hold on while holding my candy. It's been @NUM1 minutes until he brings me my candy. I'm patient enough to wait for my candy. Another day like this. It was at the hospital, and I was at the end of the line, waiting to get in the car. There was a man who argued with a lifeguard coach for not letting him in a car. He argued for half an hour. S waited patiently for him to stop. I'm not complaining or arguing about the guy who wasted our time.
One day, when I tried volleyball, I was very patient. I have to be patient because the two coaches have to choose who will be on a team and, if so, which team. My friends and I waited patiently in gum while the coaches told the kids privately in the hallway. They had to do it privately because there were two teams, the "A" team and the "@CAPS1" team. At the end there are about @NUM1 other girls still waiting for me to choose the last one because I thought I could handle the patience challenge, but I was wrong. The thrill of discovery is @CAPS2! When it was finally my turn, I walked into the lobby and found I was part of the "@CAPS1" team. Not an "A" team, but I'm still glad I wasn't out. It was a day where I had to be very patient.
The one time I had the patience was last year's cheerleading game. At the start of the day, I patiently queued up for the show. Once we were ready, we waited to perform. After we performed we went to watch the rest of the team. The other teams are really good. Then the teams go to lunch while some teams are still performing. We had to wait until all the teams were done. Once the team is done, they call all the squads to the mat and it's awards time. All teams sit on mats. My team members waited patiently to see if we were dressed to cheer or dance. We waited... waited... until at last he called his name. Junior High School Cheerleader! We got 1st place in the dance and 4th place in the cheers. That day was a great day for me, I was very patient, and patience may turn out as you wish. You never until it happens. That's when I wait patiently during a cheerleading game.
I'm writing about my patience in the @ORGANIZATION1 game. It's my birthday and my dad took me to see @LOCATION1 hug @LOCATION2 with @LOCATION1. We had a huge traffic jam. The jam was caused by a wreck a few miles ago and everyone was trying to get into the race before the race started. I was patient with the whole trip as the trip was about @NUM1 ½ hours. My dad, uncle, aunt and I were all frustrated that it took so long, but I stayed calm and was able to get through the @NUM1 ½ hour drive. When we got to the arena, @LOCATION1 and @CAPS1 were warming up and the game was about to start. At the end of the day, @LOCATION1 wins. It was the best birthday I've ever had. Now I don't think I'll be able to keep my cool like that anymore because my fuse is so short right now. I will never forget that birthday again.
Are you patient? It's been very difficult for me to be patient because I'm bipolar and I have anger issues. My patient experience was when I lived with a foster family! ! ! Their grandchildren really piss me off! ! ! My foster family's religion is different from mine, I am an atheist. They're @CAPS1 and they'll keep telling me I'm wrong! ! ! It was very frustrating to me, but I didn't say anything because I was patient. I hate it. I'm surprised I didn't address them because of my anger issues? But yes, patience does take a lot of practice. Because not everyone in this world has patience! ! ! Tolerating two kids...I don't really like kids, but where I'm married and live there are a lot of kids who are grandchildren in my foster family, and it's annoying that I sue those kids, but I have to tolerate them. Kids are hard to tolerate, so are "custodial parents", they're the worst, they tell you what to do, they're not even your parents, but I tolerated it.
The one time I had the patience was when we went north. We have to pack but I'm done because I've packed up for work before my family has packed and I'm going to sit in the car because I'm ready. When I got back into the house, I had nothing to do and they were almost packed, so I went to the bathroom when I went out and they were already packed. When we started, I had to wait over @NUM1 hours to get to where we were going, but when we got there we had a great time. The reason I use this as an example is because it takes a lot of patience to get from nbly to mackinoc city. I learned a lot that day about the importance of being patient.
Patients are very important. But I'm not very good with my patients. While I was waiting for my turn, I ended up forgetting what I was going to say. I guess I'm not very patient because my family is not very patient. My family is not very patient because we just want to say what we have to say before we forget. The family is also very forgetful. This may be another reason why we are impatient. The patient is important because it helps you be more calm and helps you wait for the turn. That's all I know about my patients.
Patience is when you can take the time to do something. When you are able to wait, don't rush to push the shuvinig like something bad is happening. Patience also means that you understand tolerance, when you are calm, calm, peaceful and loving!
While I am patient. It was when I went down the river with my dad and my two sisters (@CAPS1 @MONEY1). The only way I'm patient is when my dad says we're going to @LOCATION1 from the north. So I didn't choose to be patient as it was a two hour trip. But there is a train track bridge, my dad doesn't use @CAPS2 the least, brake and have some lunch, if you do go all the way, the bridge takes about an hour, but it's just me and my dad going we just cut the holes.
patience? I am not a patient person. I'm @PERSON1 @CAPS1. He played in @CAPS11 called @CAPS2 and I really miss @CAPS10. @DATE1 is out. I didn't even see it until one day I was sitting on my porch and I asked my mom @CAPS19 to @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 @CAPS2 @DATE2 I was really upset when she said "wlc" because I Think @CAPS10 it really sucks. I was very patient at the time. I call my @CAPS4, @CAPS5, sisters and brothers to pet me. @CAPS14 They said they were busy so I fell asleep crying. For the next @NUM1 days, my mom and dad were talking about going to the movies and going out to eat. I went in screaming, yelling "@CAPS6 ARE @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9 AND @CAPS10 A @CAPS11 AND @CAPS12 @CAPS13 @CAPS14 @CAPS7 @CAPS16' @CAPS17 @CAPS9 @CAPS19 @CAPS7 OWN @CAPS21"@ CAPS22 I left and walked out of the room. Just the next day my brother and his girlfriend went to @CAPS9 @CAPS10 and it knew I wanted to @CAPS9. They came home and comforted me saying @CAPS6 good @CAPS11. So that night I went downstairs and asked @CAPS9 @CAPS10 "@CAPS2" said "I'm very patient with taking me to @CAPS10 @CAPS2 @CAPS14 Y'all are pushing my buttons so I'm asking for @CAPS9 tomarrow" @CAPS22 I waited @NUM2 sec @CAPS22 She said I can @CAPS9 this @DATE2. That's my patient @NUM3 times, I'm proud of myself, I @CAPS16' @CAPS17 waiting for @CAPS10 my @CAPS25 @PERSON1 @CAPS26"
I'm not a patient person at all. But sometimes I have to be like my birthday, and I'd love it if my birthday came at least every month. But of course, I only have @NUM1 birthdays a year, so I'll have to wait. I want to be a patient person. For me, it's not in the cards. On the other hand, my father was more patient than anyone. I knew he would tell me to clean the car @DATE1 I told him I hadn't done it yet so he said he would give me more time. I can't be that patient with my kids. I'll tell them to clean it now or they'll be grounded. I wouldn't force them to do this, but I wouldn't wait a whole month to clear my car! I guess I can try to be patient with my dad, but it's really hard. Although if I "have the patience" I'm sure I can do it!
Patience is when you're waiting for something to happen and you get stuck but you don't complain. My friend @PERSON2 is a patient person. She and her brother are very patient. Their fathers spent most of their lives fighting for our country. This is the story of the patience of @PERSON2 and her brother @PERSON1. When @PERSON1 was born, his father was @NUM1. @PERSON1 Dad has applied for the military. His father was the most important person in his life. Two years later @CAPS1 sister, my best friend was born. Their dad was with them until I believe the @CAPS2 exie was about @NUM2, but he left that year. @PERSON1 new why his dad is gone but @PERSON2 is about a year behind because she has very severe ADHD so don't know why she hasn't seen or talked to her dad for 3 years. She knew her dad was gone when she was about six years old, that's when @PERSON1 became the army and their dad got slashed in the leg with a machete. When they came back about a year after they spent a lot of time with him, @PERSON2 was so vulnerable that he would try to play with her and tickle her, it hurt @PERSON2, she would scream "@CAPS3! @CAPS3!" But it didn't work, he just moved on and acted like he didn't hear her. @PERSON1 is not vulnerable at all, he loves his dad and she loves him, but she doesn't like him as a person. She likes my dad more than she does because she sees him more and she thinks he is better. All in all, I think @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 are very patient because they don't know if they'll see him again when he gets on the plane, I asked their mom and she said they never complain about missing dad.
Patience is a very important thing. Patience is when you are understanding and forgiving. I have endured it many times. For example, when my mom used the phone late until she started talking to her. Before an event like a play or movie, you have to be patient and wait for the movie to start playing. I was most patient during testing. Like this one, average patience is very important. It's annoying if you're impatient with some people. If I don't have patience, will I be fully human? People will be very mindful of me and everyone will @CAPS1 get along with me, so be patient when bothering someone @CAPS2-stop.
A long time ago, in the land of @LOCATION1, they were a little boy named @CAPS1. @CAPS1 wants to be a ninja like any other big boy, but he's still young, he's only six. One day @CAPS1 came and ran home, he wasn't just running, he was flipping, spinning @CAPS1 like putting out a fire, @CAPS1 burst the door and said "mom mommy @CAPS2 is old enough to be ninga" @CAPS1 said, and kins mom said, "Well, sorry, you can't train ninjas for 6 more years", kins mom said, "Why am I @CAPS2 twelve now." @CAPS1 replied "Well, teacher still In training, so you have to be patient" so @CAPS1 waited six years, @CAPS2 became a ninja
In a land called @CAPS1 bokane, there is a young man called @PERSON2. In the land of @CAPS2, all the people live in this land. They believe that there is a spirit in everything, and when you die, the spirit of judgment determines what you will be like in the next life. Honor is everything to the folks at @CAPS2 and no one takes @CAPS6 more seriously than hunter @PERSON2. One day @PERSON2 and his friend @PERSON1 entered the sacred forest to hunt the Dane, a deer-like animal. As they approached the hunting grounds, both put on their bows and leapt up the trunk of an ancient oak tree. Both @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 waited hours to see a dane, and when they did, @PERSON1 didn't have the arrow ready, this @PERSON2's @CAPS4 must kill @CAPS6. The Danes look at @PERSON2. @CAPS6 stares at him. The unblinking student made the call. A blue mist spewed out of his nose. However @PERSON2 did not act. Instead, the Danes fled into the bushes. "@CAPS5 didn't you shoot?" @PERSON1 whispered. "@CAPS6 is far from my friend. I'm not sure an arrow will kill @CAPS6 without pain.'' @PERSON2 simply answered. The next day, the pain returned to the woods and another Only the Danes. This time while @PERSON1 had an arrow ready, @PERSON2 ritualized the Dane as @CAPS6 was the same as the day before. The Danes had their backs facing the pair and @CAPS6 stood again @ On PERSON2. @PERSON2 just took a step back. Soon @PERSON1 shot because @PERSON2 won't. The arrow flew high and stabbed the tip of an obsidian into an ash tree. "@CAPS5 didn't you shoot? "@PERSON1 whispered. "It's disgraceful for @CAPS6 to take the life of a beast behind @CAPS6's back." ' @PERSON2 replied in a low voice. On the third day, the same Dane walked through the hunting woods of @PERSON2 and @LOCATION1. This time the Dane crossed the woods from the left to give @PERSON2 a clear shot. Photo by @PERSON2. Arrow Fly through trees, pierce animal lungs and hearts." @CAPS9 Spirit Judge @CAPS10 will be delighted. "@PERSON2 said he retrieved his kill from the woods. In the end, patience is more valuable than impatience. Whatever the situation.
One time I had the patience was when my family and I went fishing @LOCATION1, @CAPS1. Once we got on the boat, it took us @NUM1 minutes to cross the river. Then at @NUM2 we just wait, trolling in the water. Rocks from side to side like a baby in a crib. Set all poles and primitives. Then around @NUM3, we got our first hit. My dad rushed over for the pole and started reaching out as fast as he could. Finally he got @ORGANIZATION1 which is @MONEY1. Then around @NUM4 another pole got hit and I rushed over to grab the pole and started plugging it in. With some help, my fish became the king of @ORGANIZATION1 at @NUM5. and @NUM6 inches tall. That's why being patient always helps. If you are patient, you never know what will happen.
A long time ago, my family and I were going to the cottage we owned. It's about a four hour drive. This is the most interesting place. I'm so glad I can't wait for us to get there. I'm new to this and I have to be patient. But I would love to go there. But if I complain a lot, I know I'll be in trouble. I know this because I have to learn how. About a few weeks ago, we had to visit my grandmother, who lives about two hours away from me. I keep complaining that it takes a long time. Then, when we got home at that altitude, my phone was taken away for a week, so after that I knew it took a long time to stop complaining about something. So on the way to Grandma's house, I didn't complain. Not complaining is wise. If you're impatient, don't go on a long trip. It's good to have patience because I was patient with my grandmother throughout the journey and my mom was happy with me. If you are patient, people will know that you are a very forgiving person.
Once I entered @CAPS1, I had to sit in the reception room/area for about @NUM1 mins - @NUM2 mins. I really don't care because I have to go to school when I'm done and you can tell anything I'm not very happy because your only reason is to wait @NUM3 minutes. I finally got in and sat in a chair and they took my rubber band off and I had to sit there and wait about @NUM4 minutes. I'm still patient because I don't want to go to school. I don't like coming between classes because everyone is staring at you. The doctor finally came to check on me and I put on different colored rubber bands. The doctor also came to see me to see if my braces were okay. I'm finally out of the @CAPS1 office at about @NUM5 so I'm going home and I'm glad.
I'm patient when I go to the barbershop and my family on a trip, I'm going on a trip and I have to get a haircut the day before we leave. When I went to the barber shop it was overcrowded, so the guy who cut my hair told me I was sitting on a chair. So more and more people started coming in, and he made those people jump in front of me, so I just sat there and waited. After those people finished, he never called me again, so he picked up the phone and went out. Then he told me to wait until he came out of the bathroom and then five more people came in, so that's when my mom called me and asked if I was done because I went from @NUM1 to @NUM2 and she said go to someone else's chair , because it's going somewhere. I still have to pick my stuff to leave at @NUM3 the next morning.
One @DATE1 week a few years ago, my grandparents were over. We went to my @ORGANIZATION1 sister's house and my @ORGANIZATION1 and aunt (my @ORGANIZATION1's sister) are going to teach me to hoe and tie my shoes because I'm going to kindergarten and teachers won't do it for you. They say if I learn to tie my shoes, I'll pick something up at the dollar store, which excites me! They started teaching me when we got them after I had lunch. The trick they taught me is this: after you do the first cross step, you make the bop(tree), then put another rope around it (rabbits love around trees. @CAPS1 you wear it Over (rabbit darling it's the hole.) @CAPS1 you are the bond. Started to get the hang of it after many tries. Later we got back to my house and my @ORGANIZATION1 has been helping me. Finally got it one afternoon and I The @ORGANIZATION1 of @ORGANIZATION1 is so glad she keeps telling me I'm doing great. We went to the store to pick up some stuff later! My @ORGANIZATION1 has to be patient with me. She doesn't get mad when I keep screwing up, she just keeps screwing up In encouragement and patience. My @ORGANIZATION1 is very patient and it helps me learn faster.
patience. Being patient means you need to keep doing and doing one thing to make one thing? ? ? ? understand. That is patience. My mother is very patient. When I understand a problem, she explains @CAPS1 to me, never rushing. She doesn't yell at me when I don't understand, unlike my dad who is impatient. He would yell and probably scold me in Chinese. This happens almost every time I don't understand. But my mom will keep explaining it to me until I understand what @CAPS1 means. Some @MONTH1 is irritable because of the triple or he or she has high blood pressure. Patience is what my people have, but @CAPS1 seems to be lacking even in hiring @CAPS1.
Every year I have the patience @CAPS1 for a special day. My birthday? ? ? ? ? ? @NUM1 is a special day @CAPS1 my mom and dad, @NUM2 boy my mom had @NUM3 boy my dad had. I'm still waiting @CAPS1 for my birthday to come again.
Swimming is fun. I like to feel the cool water around me. Patience is an important part of swimming, and you have to be patient when you're waiting to start a practice, stretch, wait for instruction, learn a new stroke, learn a new way to turn against a wall, etc. On the first day of the swim team this year, the coaches passed the safety rules, regulations, and what we're going to do this year. For all of you who already know this stuff, it's hard for someone like me to be patient. But I personally think the whole team has done a good job of listening. Patience is important.
What exactly is patience? Do any of us have it? I think we can all be patient if we think about it. Once I was at @LOCATION1 we went to @ORGANIZATION1 and we didn't wait for any rides. Next time we go there we have to be patient as the lines are really long. I could wait, but it seems a lot of kids have a hard time standing still. Another example of patents is when miners are declared @NUM1 days in @LOCATION2's mine, they have to wait patiently for someone to rescue them. They too had to wait patiently when they came up from the mine in that little elevator. A final example of patience is when you're walking with other people, you have to be patient, listen to them, and let them do some work. I think these are just some examples of why or when you have to be patient.
When I was patient was the first time we went to work at disocy and I was so excited! We only have a bad week left to wait. But I can't wait, I think I've waited long enough to go now. Even thought I'd have to wait a little longer because I had to be patient!
Even if you're an adult, I write about patience in my own hybrid way. Once they are a little silky warm ready to be replaced by a butterfly moon. But there is a problem with this silkworm, he is still very thin to change, he has to be pretty and fat, like a fat man cut in half. He goes from bush to bush, eating any green leaf he can find. But there's a lower bound here to please. It's turning into the winter side, so every leaf he finds is brown and nasty. Changed in the grass. But he wants to be such a bad moth that he chooses to eat dead leaves and grass. He was very patient in this matter. But then he was trained to eat dead leaves and grass, so he became more and more impatient because he wanted to change so badly that he explained…. But he found himself in a white silk wrap, so he freaked out, so he quit it. It looks like he's a moth after all, but then he reminds him that he's eating delicious green leaves together. wrapping him? ? ? Wake up and want to sleep. And just like that, he had that strange dream.
I have lived in many different places. A place throughout my life. They are @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1, @CAPS1, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 and @CAPS2. That's where @CAPS3 is different. @CAPS6 was and still is @CAPS6 @CAPS4 Somewhere along that long road with @LOCATION2, my parents are damned. My dad moved to @CAPS5 and eventually @PERSON2. We moved to @LOCATION1 with our mom (my sister and I). @CAPS6 is fun to be there because @CAPS6 hasn't seen my cousin, aunt, uncle and grandma in six years. @CAPS4 I haven't seen my dad for almost @NUM1 months. My grandma said don't move until I see him soon. Soon @CAPS6 didn't think that meant @NUM2 months. For those @NUM2 months, we want a neat house with a small piece of work and fresh water @DATE1. My mom even had a boyfriend and she later broke up. Later she started and is still dating the guy we rented the mansion from. @CAPS6 made me me when my dad called to say he was coming. very happy. @CAPS6 @CAPS7 Not that @CAPS6 can keep @CAPS6 @NUM4 months without seeing my dad. @CAPS4 @CAPS6 did @CAPS6. Now he's settled in, watching him play once a weekend. Better than @NUM4 months or not at all.
I was patient on my way to @LOCATION1, it took me two days to get there, I was hungry and had to go to the bathroom every time I was hungry, I had to go to the next stop when we had gas what to do so I have to be patient and not complain when it fills up. So, I have to wait patiently until the gas tank is empty and then we have the oil and I can have something to eat, or I have to wait patiently for the right hand or test area to show up @CAPS1 because there are vending machines and bathrooms there . On the right as we can get off on the highway. That's when I had to be patient.
While I am patient. I endured it once or twice. One time I had to use the phone, but my mom was on the phone. So I waited an hour and a half to use the phone. Another time was when I wanted to go to @ORGANIZATION1 to get some pop. So I was patient while my mom got everyone ready to go to @ORGANIZATION1.
This is my first time camping! Well, when I was a kid we went camping, but I can't remember exactly. I am super excited! So if I can't help but wonder @CAPS1, I'm sorry? Are we going! My patience is not very good. I was bored sitting there while I was waiting for my dad to hook up the camper to his truck. I keep saying when are you done? Or, when do we leave? Every time I get it, just be patient. So, I tried it and it didn't really work. We finally left, it was an hour drive, that's a long time when you're seven. I have nothing to do, I'm bored to death! So, I said "Dad, when are we going?" It's late, please be patient. So I followed his request and obeyed his ideas. Once we got there, the first thing I wanted to do was swim. So when my mom put on her swimsuit. I'm so impatient, it looks like I have ants in my pan. I was going to knock on the bathroom door, but I didn't knock on what I learned earlier. I sat down and waited patiently for my mother. So, throughout the process, I learned an important lesson about patience. If you are patient, things will happen faster. I still use this class today. But everyone was a little impatient for a while.
My patience is when my siblings and I are waiting to see if they will let us get our first puppy. We waited about an hour while my parents were debating whether we should. Finally they called us to the basement. At first they said no, we were destroyed. My mom really wanted this puppy, but it was my dad's decision. Then my sister made a grimace that my dad couldn't resist. So he agreed. Then I had to wait patiently. We were going out of town in two days, so we couldn't find him the next day. The next day came, my dad was at work. So my mom decided to surprise my dad by bringing the pup home today (@CAPS1). We went to the store to find him (shaggy @CAPS2) because my aunt who lives in another state allowed us to take @CAPS1 to her house. He was amazed and delighted to see us outside playing with @CAPS1. We are all in love with @CAPS1, our new snuggle partner!
When you make some cookies, you have to have a rhythm. It takes a long time to make cookies. You have to stay calm while you wait to play the game. You must remain calm in the tile house until they call your name. When you drop out of a game, you have to keep your cool for @CAPS1 to come in. When you hit a home run, when they try to get the ball, you have to stay calm. For example, sorry game, you have to wait for cards @NUM1, @NUM2, and if you get one, then you can walk out of the house. If you get one, then you go out and get another turn.
Unlike me and my brothers, my sister is very patient. Well, my siblings and I got progress reports and I'm so happy to see what I got, my brothers are anxious, we're always at work, and a mom says when are they coming, how about you. But my sister is always calm and patient. Then on the day they arrived, we were all nervous except @PERSON1. She is patient because she tries to distract herself by sleeping or reading. But back to the transcripts, we opened them and everyone was happy, even @CAPS1, because we had good grades. Then my brothers and I learned from my sister and now we all have patience.
about one? ? ? I'd really like to be sure of this after I get my ipod touch? ? ? No, that's a movie. This movie is me @CAPS1 @CAPS2. I've seen it once on my cousin's iPod, but it was so cool I had to watch it again. It has a lot of action. And zombies? ? ? attack. Multiple words @CAPS3
I know I can say this to myself because I'm getting ready to do a fallback myself for the first time. I bent over and tried to kick it, feel! wrong! I stood up and asked my coach @PERSON1, "@CAPS1 Is my shoulder right?" @CAPS2 @CAPS1 Your shoulder kicked over. "@CAPS3 got it" I said. As I bent back again, I slowly raised my left leg and kicked it, then I pushed my shoulder forward and I did! I finally made it myself! Later that night, I showed my mom what I could do. So I did the same thing as when I practiced. I did it again! But this time at home. The look on my mom's face will never replace @CAPS4 and I'm so proud of me. Then I @CAPS4 ran over and gave me a high five followed by a big bear hug! So I said "Thank you for being so patient." @CAPS4 said "@CAPS5 for you baby."
On my birthday @NUM1 years ago, the only thing I wanted was an I-pad touch. Well, everyone came to our party for cake and ice cream, and I opened the presants. I got @NUM2 but no @CAPS1 toach. I was so sad then I opened the birthday card and I got @MONEY1 and I told my mom that because I didn't get @CAPS1 I could go buy it. But I also had to wait until everyone was gone to get it. And @NUM3 hours of patience I finally got it.
When I was patient it was my brother who kept messing with me. He's been doing junk stuff like pulling down the curtains or playing with the stove. I want to hit him. I didn't hit him because he was just bad.
I've been patiently waiting a lot of time at @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS3 @CAPS1, @CAPS3 sister, @CAPS3 brother and @CAPS3 mom and dad, we all had to wait for @ORGANIZATION1 to get all the shots ready for @CAPS3 brother, sister and me. It took @CAPS4 about two hours to get @ORGANIZATION1 ready to use footage, closing paragraph to start @CAPS2. One time my dad @CAPS3 and I had to wait an hour or two to sign up for a football game. We had to wait to weigh in to get the @PERSON3 size helmet and pat, we also had to wait for the @CAPS3 pad punt and @CAPS3 mouth @CAPS3 dad and I had to wait a long time at duannm once because @CAPS3 mom bought Got @CAPS3 dad a @NUM1 gun. @CAPS3 Dad had to put the gun at the end of his name to start @NUM2. Signed up for basketball when I lived at @CAPS3, happy @CAPS4 It took a long time to sign up for basketball because we had to get my @CAPS3 number on a @PERSON3 size shirt, I also have @CAPS3 last name @CAPS3 to get basketball shorts size. When I play football for the @PERSON4 football team. It took an hour for @CAPS4 because there are a lot of people who want to play football like @CAPS5, @PERSON1, @PERSON2, @CAPS6 and me. The year @CAPS3 mom took me to sign up it took @CAPS4 almost three hours @CAPS7 to sign up and set the end of the photoshoot @NUM3. Every school day @CAPS3 friends and I wait twenty @NUM4 thirty mines @CAPS7 for lunch or kecreoml soriss characters, zebras or gaanola bars. @CAPS4 takes a long time to play football, football, volleyball and kickball off the @NUM5 pitch. Finish
I was patient when my mom gave birth to my baby brother. We had to sit in the waiting room. My sister and I slept @NUM1 hours and I slept @NUM2 times because my dad was hungry so he ate @CAPS1 food too. I was so excited for the first hour and couldn't wait. The second hour I colored with the crayons and paper that the nurse brought to @CAPS1. For the third hour I watched TV. The fourth hour I slept until around @TIME1, that's what my sister said. My dad wore a plastic look dress with a matching head/shower cover and slippers and said, "Next time he's out, my sister and I will be a baby boy's sister." @CAPS1 Happy with my sister. So an hour later, my dad came out and said "Would you like to meet @PERSON1?" @CAPS1 and my sister screamed "yes" and when we saw him, we were happy to think he was our all.
If you could ask for one thing, would you ask the patient or the motive? In this case, I would ask the patient. I remember when I was about four or five years old. My two sisters and I were bored @CAPS1 to Florida. We seemed to be sitting on @CAPS1 for hours before it actually took off. After about ten minutes, I asked if we were coming soon. My sister said no and we were only in the air for about ten minutes. I looked at the people sitting there, some listening to the @CAPS2 player on their laptops. I looked up at my sister and wondered how she could be so patient. The second time I asked if we were almost there, my sister didn't answer me. I just sit there doing nothing. I have nothing to entertain myself. After two hours without saying a word, he finally fell asleep. If you could ask for one thing, would you ask the patient or the motive? I'm still not very patient, but I'm more patient than I was then.
"@CAPS1! Be careful!" @CAPS2 screamed. The sound of metal shattering was deafening. There is no way out. My eyes seem to be closed, but they are as wide as possible. That eerie silence scares me. I feel my arm grab me and pull me to @CAPS9, they think it's safe. It's not safe anyway, because it's the beginning of a nightmare. The nightmare of my life. Here's a photo of @CAPS9 I saw: @CAPS3's cars, twisted, entangled, huddled so close it's as if they were one object. Lying beside me was a little boy. That boy is my brother @ORGANIZATION1. His chest swelled slowly, but at the same time, an unbearable sound came from him. Blood flowed from his many wounds. can not watch anymore. A siren will sound when an ambulance is approaching. I haven't met my father yet. This is what scares me the most about @CAPS9. I still have nightmares that night. Overnight, everything changed. Not only have I lost my father and brother, but in a way, I have lost my mother as @CAPS6. @CAPS5 will never understand the pain of watching your brother die, all because of what you want. I'd still have a @CAPS1 and a little @ORGANIZATION1 if I hadn't asked my dad to turn around and get my forgotten notebook. Since the funeral, I can feel my mother and I separated. Everything has been different for us since then. We've been fighting and never listened to what @CAPS9 said. Maybe it's just the life of a typical teen and her @CAPS8. I don't know because we are by no means typical. When we don't fight over who knows - @CAPS9, we just keep our distance. Sometimes, however, silence is more terrifying and heart-pounding than shouting. The silence is just too loud! My mother started trying the seemingly impossible. @CAPS5 started trying to understand my weird way. "@CAPS4", @CAPS5 started, "I know I've been impatient with you lately and I'm sorry about that. I'll try to be, from now on. I just ask you one thing." I gave her a question, Stare, so @CAPS5 goes on, "I want you to tell me why you blame yourself?" @CAPS5 No further explanation needed. "@CAPS6, I turned @CAPS1 around," my voice caught in my throat, "just to get my stupid notebook." A tear rolled down my face. "@CAPS7 darling!" my mom cried into @CAPS6. "It's not your fault! You didn't expect it to end like this!" I know my patience has been drained for a long time, but I refuse to lash out at my mother now. @CAPS5 just wanted to help. I struggle with the exasperated tone that I'm trying to get rid of. But I'm going to win that battle. "@CAPS8," I said, regaining my composure, "that's how I feel about this. I wish I could take your word for it, maybe I'll work overtime, but right now, I just need my @CAPS8." @CAPS9 Most What shocked me was the smile on the corner of my mother's mouth. "Then I'll wait." Then @CAPS5 hugged me. @CAPS5 hugged me like @CAPS5 when I was four and broke my leg. Tightly, without hesitation. I can feel the beginning of a new relationship with my mother. Maybe not as powerful as it used to be, but it's definitely there. With patience and time, it has developed into a healthy relationship that we can all enjoy and respect.
I was patient once when my little brother game station wasn't working so it took a while to get used to it. This is a @TIME1, my brother just finished eating and he wants to play his @CAPS1 but he has a hard time opening it, the problem is that some of his games are scratched. But the next day we bought him a lot of other brand new games. So when he tried the game, he still couldn't do it. So he asked me if I could help him, so I helped him, but it still didn't work until I cleaned the playstation, instead we had to be patient, not the last? But my brother and I kept saying "work, work, work, work" until it went on. And then today we still say @CAPS1 works.
patience. I am patient when I have to sit with a baby. I rock him and play with him. I feed him and go with him. He fell asleep. My mom hasn't come home from get off work yet. My brothers and I are going to be late for the movie. I play for @CAPS1. I looked out the window, stepped aside and sat on the steps. Mom is still not there. My cuzins are outside. Ask for a little hold. Now I hear mom coming. I can go now.
I've had patience many times, but here are just a few. It was a late afternoon and my family and I were supposed to go to the big event that day. As usual, I didn't know what I was going to wear, and after about an hour, I found out what I was going to wear. I walked down the stairs and soon no one was ready and we only had an hour left @NUM1 1/@NUM1. I was frustrated telling everyone to get ready, but no one listened to me. But I didn't care, so when I was going out, I went to shower and my mom came and told me I had to wait? ? ? She took a shower. Then everyone except me took a shower one by one. I lost my patient. I'm still waiting because I don't want to cause uproar. Finally I went in to take a shower. We were all dressed and ready to go. My sister got her bag and jacket in the last few minutes we were all in the car, so we had to wait until she got it. We finally got to the party and it wasn't on time, but at least we did. All in all, some of the exams I do with my patients are while I'm waiting for my sister to put her jacket on.
When I have the patience is waiting for my mom to let her @CAPS2. The reason is because she makes me miserable. She is mean and can do anything. So I love oh my @CAPS1 and she needs this @CAPS2 so this can all be over and done. That was when she was only @NUM1 months old, so I knew I had to be very patient with her until @NUM2 months were over.
Someday @CAPS1??? baseball? ? ? , when did she sign up? ? ? speak? ? ? Trophy baseball right, sparks? ? ? and other things. Her friend @CAPS2 walked out of the room because he had no patience, so when he entered the room again, the registration had already started, so after the meeting @CAPS2 had to talk to some people and sign up but he had to sit longer? ? ? from his father. @CAPS2 quits when it comes to playing baseball because he's a ? ? ? He's at the bottom of the batting line and he's only hit the field, so when? ? ? Hit a home run over his head, he dropped his miton, and went.
I'm patient, I want my thot @NUM1, I hope I can't get it until my birthday method sucks, staff like this I used to want everything but I used to have to be patient and I used to always is nice to get it.
"@CAPS1 patient!" @CAPS2 @CAPS10 yelled as I nearly bounced off the wall, waiting for @CAPS2's friends to arrive at @CAPS2's house. "I got @CAPS3 and I can't wait! @CAPS10 This is the first time @CAPS2 what you expect!" I told @CAPS2 @CAPS10. Ding @CAPS4! The doorbell rang and I rushed to the door. "@CAPS5!" "@CAPS6!" @CAPS5 exclaimed. "@CAPS8 you guys need to go to the garage and wait @CAPS18 @CAPS9." @CAPS10 said. "@CAPS11!" we said in harmony. We went out the door and it was dark @CAPS3. "I can't see, hold me tight!" I screamed in horror. All we see are headlights, we know @CAPS3 is @CAPS2 @CAPS18 @CAPS9. "Are you guys ready? @CAPS13 @CAPS14 We gotta go, or we're going to turn @CAPS3 into @CAPS15 @CAPS16!" @CAPS2 @CAPS18 @CAPS9 Excited. Just heard the word, @CAPS15 @CAPS21 is @CAPS22 @CAPS23 to get there things are great but in @CAPS15 @CAPS16 you have to have a lot of @CAPS21.
One of the best ways for a person to be patient is when you are being hunted down in a game of paintball. I had an experience and I hope it never happens again. I play paintball with a lot of friends, and if I don't have the patience, I'll end up getting shot in the head with paint. I was in a small forest and had trouble breathing after a close encounter, I was behind a very thin tree. I've wiped out all but one. I started to have trouble breathing because he was right next to the tree I was leaning against. I decided I would almost sacrifice myself if I just stood there, so I climbed the tree. I was lucky I wore a camouflage shirt because if I didn't fit in, I would get shot. I'm deep in the tree, but it doesn't matter because I'm too heavy for any branch. I fell from the tree, but when I fell, I shot the enemy in the leg. I won! This is how patience is rewarded to you.
I was very patient with my brother @PERSON1 a few years ago. It's almost his birthday and he's excited. He was excited because he wanted a flying toy helicopter he saw while watching TV, helicopters were expensive and I don't know if he got it for his birthday. He wanted me to tell him if he got it so he kept bugging me. I want to yell at him or hit him, he's so annoying. I don't because I know I'll be in trouble if I do. So I made up a game to play with him so he could forget about the helicopter and stop asking me. It didn't work because he kept asking me any way. I made another game where you have to jump on a trampoline, spin your arms like a helicopter and don't fall. In the end he stopped asking me about the helicopter and we actually had to remind him about it after we had the cake. When he opened the gift, he did get a helicopter. We spent the rest of the day trying to make it fly.
When I got home from the cheers one night, I was so hungry that dinner wasn't even on the grill. We had steak, brown rice and mac and cheese. Some time ago I went upstairs to take a shower, and it took ten minutes to finish, and I wasn't ready. So I did some homework. I did math, read, and studied for exams. The mac and cheese is ready, the steak is almost ready, and the brown rice isn't even ready. I was hungry and working hard, but I was patient. Oh my gosh, the food smells so good. I just wanted to eat it. I was so hungry I had to put gum in my mouth to keep my mouth busy. Two minutes later, the steak was ready and the cheese was ready, but we were still waiting for the brown rice. My sister and I set the table, poured wine, and I still had patients. Five minutes later, the meal was ready. All four of us ate at the table. Oh my gosh, so delicious. I had two small pieces of steak, three scoops of rice, which I love, and a small piece of mac and cheese. Dinner was great. After dinner, I straightened up and went to bed.
Once I was patient. We are on the train to @LOCATION1. I don't have my game or music player. It's suitable for live streaming, it never costs, @CAPS2 I have no complaints. I sat in the seat and it felt like forever. Then when we got off the train, I said "@CAPS1. I'm done." @CAPS2 and took the bus to the Science Museum. not like myself. Stopped in again and again and we went. Until finally we got theirs. Great, lots of fun stuff like amiten or @CAPS3 making tops. @CAPS2 then patience is ?? when we go to history. Another train. Dad must see everything and anything? ? ? Then we had to take the bus back to the train. Next comes the trained agin. @CAPS2 I had a boring top this time, so I'm still not complaining. @CAPS2 Dad said it has to be a long time, I can bring my OS next time. This is my calm example.
I wanted to say I found her, tex, but I didn't. I learned a few things, although it was @ORGANIZATION1 and all the other @CAPS1 (@CAPS2 intelligence) that let me piece it together. But love is, love is patient, if you accept it, it may not stay with you, but if you wait and be patient, maybe it will come to you. I just make sure I'm where she can find me". Church said. @NUM1 years later. "@CAPS3 what this is. " @CAPS4 said "I know what this is" can I close the door for the night? @CAPS5 @PERSON1. "@CAPS6, be patient @PERSON1 is waiting for @CAPS7." " @CAPS8 replied. "@CAPS3 he's here now" @CAPS10, @CAPS10." @CAPS11 I found it in church. "@CAPS6" @CAPS4 You found @CAPS1. Catch and wait for him to come in. " "You think we have to wait for it to unlock." " When is it going to do that kind of unlocking open. I don't know we'll have to wait and see. That's if it's going to open.
Once my friend @PERSON1 was at my house and we were playing Halo. We have fun. We ate popcorn, drank a lot of soda, and ate a lot of candy. Then @PERSON1 had to go to the bathroom. He was there for a while and suddenly I had to go to the bathroom. I waited and waited and it turned out pretty bad. I was very polite and patient as I never yelled at him or knocked on the door telling him to hurry up, I did ask him once if it was ok and then I waited and he came out @CAPS1 A big reality Life
Patience, what do you think when you hear the word? When I was a kid, I always thought something like this was impossible, but after I injured my ankle badly and was put in a cast and crutches for four months, I really got the hang of it. My mom always said "patience is a virtue", have you ever wondered what it takes to be patient? Well it's really just the ability to control yourself, you have to be able to get through tough situations and still be in control, when people get fed up with things about you, you really have to control yourself it takes a while
There were a lot of people at the doctor and we decided to stay and wait. My mom and dad also went to the doctor with me and my sister. Also, my sister and I wanted to hang out, but my parents said no, so we watched TV, my mom was reading magazines, and my dad was reading newspapers. In the end they kind of? ? ? After leaving, the guy called out my name and my sister after going to the doctor, so my dad and mom went with us. So don't be scared my sister, they just did the check after my dad paid and we just left the house patiently.
One day I had to wait in line for @NUM1 hours to get on the roller coaster @CAPS1 and it was so patiently hot that I just fell asleep standing with my eyes open. My mom had to take medicine, so I just fell asleep standing up with my eyes open. My mom had to be patient when we were stuck in traffic to the campground. We had to wait @NUM2 hours to get out of traffic but mom didn't release or anything.
At one point, his years seemed to be at the front of the lunch line, and he was about to go in, but he had to because he wasn't always in the line. He was angry when he was sent, but he went, but he was patient, she didn't advise, and the next thing was that he was at the front of the line. I think patience means when you are calm and not in a hurry
Patience is about waiting a long time. It's good for you if you have patience, this is when I have patience. Last year after school at @DATE1, my dad and I went to @CAPS1 looking for deer. He went to this home guard blind man we found sitting in a chair waiting for the deer to come. Patience is a must when hunting. We didn't see anything but then a deer came and my dad was ready and he said "cover your ears" and shot but we didn't see any sign of deer blood so he must have missed it and then We packed up and went home. That was when I had the patience to go hunting with my dad, but we got nothing.
When I was patient I broke my foot. It was @DATE1 when I was in the park. I was climbing a pole and ringing the bell as I taxied. My little brother came running and I told him to get help. He didn't know where to go so I lay on the ground with a broken foot for more than @NUM1. When my brother came back he asked "Where do I go?" I told him to go to the gas station across the street and asked to use the phone, when he came back I tried to be patient and he had my mom. My mom said I was patient. She came to pick me up and we drove to the emergency room. It was packed when we got there. They let us in as soon as possible, but it felt like time to me. When he called my name, my mom picked me up and she went to the doctor. He asked, "What brought you here?" We told him the news and he walked into the room. The doctor moved my foot. Ten minutes later, he came back with an X-ray and told us my foot was broken. He gave me a cast and smash and we left. I told my brother thank you and gave him a big hug. The next day, everyone at school said I was brave and patient, and I said thank you!
I was patient once when I took a ride in @LOCATION1 called "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 parents @CAPS3". @CAPS4 is a long line for @CAPS5, I usually say "@CAPS6 on!" or sometimes "@CAPS7 come on!" @CAPS8, I'm in line for @CAPS5. I'm proud of myself and so is my mom. That's when I'm patient.
Tic tak times tiking I was patient, one time was at the doctor's office and my chance was two and I had to wait, wait, wait, wait for me to sit there until it was @NUM1 and they finally called me in . I have to wait and wait again. So I'm trying really hard to be patient and trust me, it's not easy for me at least because I can't even sit there for @NUM2 minutes and stay still, I have to move around so it's hard to sit there and listen to tik tok for a while. That was when I was calm, it was hard to believe, but I did it. The hardest part is when you leave those tiker clocks here and go to tik tok, I was there for a while and now you are definitely now for some people including me. Sometimes it's hard for you to stay calm, sometimes you can stay calm, sometimes it's hard to stay calm, sitting there, oh, definitely noticing, so that's my story about me being calm and not sitting there doing things and noticing Not going to follow and @CAPS1 mazines .
One time I had the patience was on the twenty-two hour road to Florida. It's me, my cousin, my two sisters and my parents. It's boring. My sister and I were sitting in the back and we were always fighting for footroom. After about five hours, I felt cramped. We stopped for dinner and hit the road again. It was getting late and the road was icy, and we stopped and slept in the car. We woke up at sunrise and went to the cookie bucket for breakfast. very delicious. Then we got back in the car and continued driving to Florida. @MONTH1 It's been a long journey, but it's worth it.
It's been said that if someone tries to annoy you and you're patient, they'll stop, but that's not always true. One day my brother was downloading new ringtones and I thought it was no big deal until he downloaded mosquito ringtones. Mosquito noise is a loud, high-pitched noise that can only be heard by people under a certain age. It's really fun if you're playing it, but if you're listening to it. It can hurt your ears and give you headaches. So one day my brother had this idea. Only an asshole can have it. He decided he'd follow me everywhere and play it loud. It was horrible and it made my blood boil. Thirty minutes later, I decided to call me, but it didn't really help. Then I listened to the music, so he turned it up. Then I had this amazing idea. I stole his battery. The next day, I made a deal with him. If he stops playing that ringtone, I'll give him his battery back. Of course, he said yes, so I don't need that tone anymore. So now you know why patience doesn't always work.
I've been patient with @DATE1 throughout. Although, that's only because @CAPS2 mom promised to buy me a brand new video game system. This new video game system is the wii. Since @CAPS5 is new, seeing @CAPS5 for the first time intrigued me. @CAPS5 is an excellent doctor with advanced graphics. I have immediately notified @CAPS2 mom about this system. "@CAPS1 I'll buy you @CAPS5 considering your excellent transcript." @CAPS2 Mom assured me. "@CAPS3! Thank you mom," I exclaimed excitedly. Now I'm hopeful for @CAPS2 and looking forward to @CAPS5 in @CAPS6 weeks. Although I did it only to disappoint myself later. @CAPS2 Mom told us I'll get @CAPS5 in one to several months. "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" I shouted. "@CAPS6 months?" "@CAPS3 @CAPS6 months I don't have enough time to thank those things, there are more important things to think about," explained the @CAPS2 mom. This is the beginning of the longest patient wait of @CAPS2's life. After nearly a month and a half of waiting, @CAPS2 mom finally said, "@CAPS9 is going to @CAPS10 to buy your wii today". that moment. The happiness of my leadership almost exploded. "@CAPS3!" @CAPS12 I started doing a dance I didn't understand myself. So when @CAPS9 stopped by @CAPS2's favorite video game retail store, I couldn't sit still. "@CAPS13 down! Oops, @CAPS5 is just a video game system!" I @CAPS12 stopped immediately. "That's you @CAPS14." I muttered. I played until @TIME1 when @CAPS9 got home. So that's when I was rewarded for your patients, @CAPS5 was rewarded.
Patience is hard for me as I hardly have any patients! So you can imagine how hard it was for me and others who didn't have the patience to wait in line at Disneyland. First up is the drive - it's scary and long. We spent what seemed like an eternity in the car before we finally got there. I try to be patient, I am. I have no complaints at all. When we arrived at Disneyland on our first day, the lines were terrible! Some wait times as long as @NUM1 hours! Well, I'm not complaining, but it's hard not to! My little brother wants to be on all these kiddie rides with long lines, but I don't want to upset anyone by holding my patient. Since I like to get everything done quickly and not waste my time waiting, I feel like I'm going to have a blast at dinner. Dinner was this seafood restaurant and it was bad anyway because I hate seafood! While all this waiting was happening, I was patient even though it took us an hour to get our meals! Even worse is waiting for the Disney bus to return to your hotel. My mom and dad said they were very proud of me for getting my patients through all the waiting. I learned a lot there. Disneyland is not a good place for impatient people like me. A second patient is one of the hardest things in life, but some of the best things in life require your patience. So, that was @NUM2 times I had to have a lot of patients, but I realized that having patients is a good thing.
Tick tock the second of my watch and I moved on until October 10th, waiting for people to come in from the nir or give tree candy with gifts and boxes. Cote qinges won't fill up a lot of people. On one bolt, I put on the air pants, I put it on and listen to the ride like a celove in the trunk. Most faist think happiy make my bag. in deivet soa wauly. I went back to the dugout and then I went home. At connetns I am patient. In the game, I'm patient, I'm Kessner, and at the airport and Neville, patience is everything.
One day I went to a concert at @ORGANIZATION1 and the line was long. While I was in line, one of the girls was impatient as we had to wait in line for @NUM1 1/@NUM1 hours when we all went to find our place and there was such a long line again before we did , but longer, but that's ok because I have patients. For all of these patients, it reminds me of my mom going to the doctor's office for @NUM3 hours and I had to wait in his waiting room. I went to the living room with my mom and she just started calling and she told me to wait but my sister kept interrupting her and I told her you need to wait and let mom finish the call so she ran up the stairs and she said you this Stupid so I said I don't care.
I remember my patience with my parents. It started when I saw this game I wanted in the store. I kindly asked my dad to get it so he said he would get it next weekend. So I had to wait patiently for the weekend to come. I was so excited about getting the new game that I mentioned it so often that I don't remember my dad telling me not to tell my mom. Well, the weekend is finally here, and when I asked my dad if he was ready to leave, he said no. When I asked my dad why he didn't, he said it was because I didn't shut up, so my mom doesn't want me to have it right now. Now of course I'm pissed because when I get games my mom always says to my dad and me and has nothing to say. That's when my dad came into the room and said maybe tomorrow he said it happened to be @DATE1. I can borrow money from my grandma and get it. That's exactly what I did, I got my game. Then my dad gave her the money back and we were all happy. The point is that I need a lot of patience to be rewarded.
Being patient as a child is never easy. I know being patient is like taking a baby lollipop away from mom, just not pretty. But once I really had to use my patience. Now, waiting in line at Kings Island for @NUM1 hours just to continue being illegible is not easy at all. society. We waited another @NUM2 minutes, maybe @NUM3 minutes, yes! It started working again. It was nice that so many people left us because my lines were shortened a bit, but there may still be a long wait. It felt good when we entered the building as it was nice and air conditioned. We sat around warning and waiting to debate Huina or not. We want to stay or leave, we end up staying and waiting, it seems like forever! Until we step into space slugs. We had to go through another room to get the car. At last. Out is over! My patience and always-on wait really paid off in the end. It's been a great journey.
@PERSON1, this is boring! I want to try my backflip! I whine. @CAPS1, you're not ready, please wait. It's easier if you wait and practice more," @PERSON1 said, as she discovered other gymnasts' back springs. We've been working on back springs for a few weeks, and I'm the best at them, in In class. We had to wait another two weeks to start our backflip, but I really wanted to try it. I rolled my eyes at @ORGANIZATION1's answer and continued to work hard on my back-spring. I'm digging Rod, in the middle of each, I'll do a little roll for fun. Someone called @PERSON1, so she walked out of the gym to talk to them. Just because she's my trainer, not that she should tell me when I should, When should I not do a backflip. I really wanted to try and @PERSON1 was out of the room so this was my chance. I took a deep breath and charged for my backflip. As I was gliding through the air When the thought of never learning how to do a floor flip crossed my mind, my ankle hit the ground. "@CAPS2! "I yelled. I tried to get up but I couldn't; my ankle hurt so bad! @PERSON1 ran into the gym when I fell after trying to get up." @CAPS3 Happened? " I tried backflips. " "I told you not to!" If you are patient and wait for me to teach you how to do it, this will not happen! " @CAPS4…" "I'm going to get an ice pack." " @CAPS5 I've had an ankle problem since that day. If I had patience, I wouldn't get hurt, I'd still do gymnastics, and after @CAPS6 I know patience is the right thing to do."
"@CAPS1 Patient Stories" I was patient one time when I went to @CAPS2 for a checkup. Me and @CAPS1 dad waiting in the lobby? ? time, and then each time to go to an appointment. I couldn't take it any longer, but he let me stay. So I keep silent. Well, most of the time I really wanted to say something really bad, but I held back. So in the end we went in and I'm glad. Like I am the happiest person on earth. This is @CAPS1's story about patience.
When I was patient was when my mom took my sister shopping. My dad was at work and my mom took my sister and I shopping, which was boring but a little full as some of the clothes in the store had boys on one side and girls on the other. One store only has girl clothes that I hate. But after that I didn't say anything because I was very patient and I asked me where do you want to go? I said best buy I have a game that is collloge football oq. It pays off eventually when you have patients, no matter where you go or there are always patients, there are always patients.
I am patent and I always have to wait or earn it. I go to my group with my parents, but I have to be there. I have to wait to find my aunt. The worst time is to go to @CAPS1/a up @LOCATION1 and camp.
Once I was patient with the doctor and I had a great time. Another time I was patient and I was in the deepest. I was patient the third time I went to @ORGANIZATION1, the wait was boring, but I was patient. Last but not least, I patiently ascended the Tower of Terror. This is the funniest ride out there.
Patience is important in life. Things tend to go wrong when you're impatient, which isn't always a good thing, so here are some things to do when you're impatient. If you are impatient, you may get into trouble. For example, if you have a long line, but you can't talk, because if you do, you'll be in trouble. So if you don't have any patience, you might say @CAPS1 OMG this will go on forever. Then you will have trouble talking. This is another reason why you should be patient. For example, if you're impatient, you should be patient, and if you're sick and you go to the doctor's office, you might have a long line, and you might say get it and go home. So if you go home, you're going to be sicker, that's going to be sicker, that's going to be bad. Finally, if you're impatient, there's another reason. Say you want to go to the mall and say goodbye to a new pair of shoes, for example. You walk into the store and find a pair that you like and it just fits. But when you went to checkout the cash register was broken so they had to call maitnence to fix it and they told you it would be an hour. So you sit and wait for twenty minutes, but you don't have any patience, so you say get it and you leave, not getting the shoes. Those are some impatient people. But if they did, it wouldn't happen to them because they would have waited or needed. Patience is good, but not patience is not.
I sat there, staring into the distance, waiting for something to happen. I leaned back casually in my chair, resting my head on the ceiling. I try my best to be clear-headed and patient. But when I opened them I was sitting in line at some bar @ORGANIZATION1 for celar paint. The voices of many rang in my ears, laughter, happiness and danger. The line is estimated to take two hours, but my friend @PERSON1 and I wanted to hitch a ride. We started on a roller coaster and the sun was laughing at us. "@CAPS1 Is this taking so long?!" I said impatiently. "@CAPS2 Next time we should go in a week. Do you want to leave?" "@CAPS3." I fought myself to be patient. The team moved forward slowly. There were fine beads of sweat on my forehead. I wanted to be patient, so I pulled out my music player and thought about my music. I became more willing to wait. But before I knew it, people were calling us on. I embarrassedly stuffed the music player into my pocket. But the line moves by a huge amount. It was about an hour and forty minutes after we got to where we got in the car. I am proud of my patience. We looked at the car and got in. Patience really pays off. I learned to be patient with all kinds of things.
I am very patient when hunting and fishing. I always go hunting and I'll find a spot in the tree and set it up. I've been waiting for deer, trukey and @CAPS1. Sometimes you can't see anything. The key is to go out early and be patient. Most of the time I go out and see @NUM1 deer wen its deer sesson wen. How I see them a lot is a lot of patience.
One time I was patient, while waiting for my fit, mirror, league cap to arrive in the mail. They are like this, just need @NUM1??? A few days later, I said, "Okay, those days are over, hats are supposed to be mailed that day, so when our truck went by, I was excited, but there was a box for My mom." @CAPS1. I said I really, planted like this, but I wondered if they would come tomorrow? ? ? Didn't come so I still had the patience but barely two days passed so I just gave up and then one day I got home from a friend's house and they were there and yes finally all my patients paid off, That's when I have patients.
When I'm patient is my favorite of the year @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION1. I've been patiently counting down the entire year until @DATE1 is almost done reading books and homework for a year. You can smell the tension in the air as everyone watches the clock spin for the last @ORGANIZATION1 at school. As time goes by @ORGANIZATION1, seconds, @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2, everyone gets restless, but I'm patient; I sit, I wait, I listen, I read, but nothing beats The students cheered as the last-quarter bell rang. There was a smile on everyone's face as they left the gates for the last time that year.
ok the ink started o yes it was a good time mom no no one day no years ago i had to wait patiently for my phone it was my first phone how did i become better. This is a new phone that just came out and if I have a lot around the house and school I have to have it and my mom said I could get it next week and I decided to get it next week so next week @NUM1 I am very Happy but she said next week @DATE1. I'm just doing what I'm supposed to be doing, on that @DATE1, I'm glad I'm in trouble, but I still get paid for chores, some people don't help the guy next door and get more, get a lot of need Long phone call, but that. This is my patience story.
One day, Alex was troubled. I decided to be patient. But he was, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, so I decided to tell him to shut up. So again he didn't listen to me so I told @PERSON2 that Alex hadn't stopped so I said nothing and tried to be patient with @CAPS1. Talked a lot with @PERSON1. Eventually it did work and Alex finally stopped. So I am very happy. But he (Alex) started again, so I told him to stop and I would tell the teacher again. So he just shrugged and kept doing all the stupid noise. So I told the teacher, Alex, you better stop this instinct. So, Alex, you better stop and start babbling on his paper with his pencil.
My @CAPS1 was taken to @ORGANIZATION1 before @DATE2 because she had an incision in a previous surgery. I've missed three days of @DATE1 and one day of school at @DATE2 so far because of the @DATE2 physics roller coaster because I went to visit her. Now I'm back and trying to catch up with all my classes. So far I've achieved this with @CAPS2 and social @CAPS3, but haven't caught up with other subjects. While the students could only make up for what they missed each day they were away, my other teachers were very patient and helpful with me and were willing to put off grading me until I thought I was on time for their class. will succeed.
I write when I have patience. I myself @CAPS1 am not a patient person. At one point, I had no choice but to endure because I was made by my mother. We waited on the bus but I was pissed because it seemed like a long wait to come. So my mom said "@CAPS2 stop complaining, be patient @CAPS1 Seriously!" So as soon as I got on the bus it came!
"@CAPS1 @CAPS8! Really?" This is @DATE1 @TIME1 by @LOCATION1 pritz. Prediction is @CAPS8. @CAPS8 and @CAPS1 @CAPS8. Tigers are playing "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4". @PERSON1 pitches for @CAPS4 and justin @CAPS6 pitches for the Tigers. My dad + my mom and my brother and I are only two rows away from the front row. This is the bottom of the first one and I feel like a big drop of @CAPS8 touched my head. Then I feel the other is better than the other. "@CAPS7 Upstairs Vault!" my dad yelled. We fell completely in the middle of nowhere as soon as we got up. That's what I'm going to say. The players entered the dugduts. My mom called my grandpa to see what the forecast was. "@CAPS8." @CAPS9 said. My mom took off her sweatshirt and gave it to my brother and I and said "this is going to be long @TIME1 so take a break now" I didn't understand at first. But after she explained it to me, I knew it was going to be really long. I only had @NUM1 or @NUM2 at the time, so waiting wasn't my thing. An hour passed and it was still raining. @NUM3 hours, than, @NUM4, than the last 41/@NUM3 hours have passed. It's @NUM6 at @TIME1! The game hasn't started yet. Mom called grandpa again. @CAPS9 said we still have a good hour @CAPS8. We sit there forever! My family and I are bored. But my mom said patience will be rewarded. @NUM7 ½ hours later. It cleared. They wiped the seats for us. We're ready to watch the game at @NUM8 am! My dad bought us all ice cream because he was so patient. Contest ends at @NUM9! We only stayed until @NUM4.00 though because of the drive. In the end, I saw a great baseball game (and got ice cream.) I learned that patience pays off!
Patience is being quiet while waiting in line to do something or to do something? Isn't it? ? ? like? ? ? Wall, frantically waiting for something waiting to get one? ? ? Games we wait to get tickets to the show to see a movie This is how you can be patient while doing different things in life. Like one day I was dying to line up to play the game and it took forever to get it, but I kept lining up and using the paint.
Patience is hard to do, @CAPS1 I do remember when I had patience. This is at @CITY1. My team and I had to wait for everyone to get back on the bus. We were the first to the bus so it took a while before they came. @CAPS1 I try to be as calm and patient as possible until they do.
One time I was very patient was when I was skating. I was waiting for my mom to pick me up from @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I told my friends "you need a ride" I made a mistake telling my mom the wrong time period was @NUM1 and I told my mom @NUM2 and had to Wait the entire @NUM3 hours.
That's when I have to be patient. Hope you like that I'm not a very patient person, I have very little patience. However, sometimes I am. I remember being patient all day in @NUM1 grade three years ago. I was picked up early that day. I was picked up early from school because I was going to @ORGANIZATION2 and @ORGANIZATION1 that night. When I woke up, I was so excited! I waited four months for that day! I'm so glad this day has finally arrived; when I get to school, I have to tell everyone the news. My friend went a few days ago and said it was a good @ORGANIZATION1. When the day was coming to an end, the speaker in my classroom "@CAPS1" then the lady and I had ?????????? early? ? The task I've been waiting for! After picking me up, we also pick up my cousins from school! Then we went there, the house was ready, and we started the day we've been waiting for...
My patience is when we go to the mall to buy my custom hat. This is the only time I have patience. I went to a store called lio's. I picked out my hat and everything. So I said I wanted to be happy with what they did and I asked how long he said @NUM1 mineuts. We walked around the mall and came back to the stores @NUM2 to @NUM3 mineuts. So I asked the guy if he was done and he said "not yet" and I was watching him do another man's hat. So he stopped the other guy's hat and I didn't want to make the scene and yell at that guy, so I waited until he finally finished the hat for about an hour. So I thanked the guy and left the store with my new hat and I was happy.
Come on, I need some help. Sir please take a seat. I'll be writing about the time my @CAPS4 took the suit to the tailor for a meeting. Can you find my suit? Sir, we are doing our best and we may have accidentally given it to someone else. I need that suit to go to my meeting. Well, sir, what we can do is let you pick another suit and we'll have the tailor start putting it on for you right away, well, I like this one. All that needs to be done is to ask the tailor pants to be long. I'll be done soon, @CAPS1 I'm about two and a half hours and that's when my plane leaves for @CAPS2. I'll be done in @NUM1 minutes. I'll be back here in @NUM1 mins waiting I'll even @CAPS3 for a free tie. Finally my @CAPS4 got his suit.
Someone I knew was patient once when my mom heard that my aunt @PERSON1 was getting married and @CAPS1 was helping plan it. @CAPS1 is patient because while helping with wedding planning, @CAPS1 is going to @ORGANIZATION1, two months away from graduating from @ORGANIZATION1 named @ORGANIZATION1 named @CAPS2, and taking care of a seven month old baby boy. Help from my father and myself. Also, @CAPS1 is trying to get her parents here from @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 and many other staff members. After two months of preparations for the wedding, meticulously taking care of the eight-month-old newborn boy, preparing for exams, helping parents, I came here and graduated. @CAPS1 was able to help plan a beautiful wedding on @DATE1. This is when people I know are patient
This is my patience: patience is power without patience, where will you be while waiting for the house to be built? Yaid probalay will go crazy because you don't want to live in a junk trailer, camper or even a house! What if you spent @NUM1 hours at the doctor's office! Yes, you will be thrilled! However, see if you have patience and you will be able to wait Patience is power!
It is very hard for patients when you are waiting for what you want. It's very difficult when you're waiting in a very loud line or ordering something on the internet, you just wait two or three days. If you're not a person who waits patiently for the simplest things to only take a while, then you're a very impatient person. If you are an impatient person, then you are selfish, crazy, and obviously impatient.
When @PERSON1 and I were at the mall once when we ran away and bought hats and skirts. Then we went to the chinze booth and there was a bag like ??? We waited over half an hour for other food. We waited patiently, we got other food and we were seated at a table which was the last one. Then a family was looking for a seat and @CAPS1 we got up and gave them our table. Then we went to the movies, we waited in line, @PERSON1 was impatient @CAPS1, we let him keep our spot. Then I took @PERSON1 across the pavement and let @PERSON1 shine. Now that @PERSON1 paid @CAPS1, we walked back to the cinema to buy @NUM1 bags of popcorn and we patiently queued for seats. That's one of those stories I'm passionate about with my friends.
Hunting is one of my favorite hobbies. Hunting requires what you would consider a great deal of patience. It definitely takes a lot of patience for @MONTH1 going through the most boring @NUM1 minutes of your life when you're sitting in a tree. After you settle down and become quiet, the woods around you come alive. I have to admit that I don't have much patience, but hunting requires another kind of patience. Many people may think that hunting is just doing nothing. But if you're patient enough and fairly quiet, you'll be rewarded no matter what you're hunting. This is one thing I definitely think requires a lot of patience, but it's not the kind of patience you'd think it's a fun kind of patience. That's why I think everyone should be more patient.
Once upon a time there was a pre-teen name lola @CAPS1 who lived on a land called wounderland and lola was a single queen @CAPS1 had a lot of money and food, @CAPS1 had a big house but lola was missing one thing @CAPS3 is An adolescent prince, many boys coquettish her, but no cute and strong adolescent boy is suitable for her. So one day @CAPS1 wanted to go to the village to see all her people and they were so happy to see her yelling her name llola lolal and telling her this was the best queen they ever had. Then after they stopped shouting her name @CAPS1 saw a cute and strong pre-teen prince named @PERSON2, @CAPS1 fell in love and walked there to say hi, he said @CAPS4. Then @CAPS1 said would you like to come to my house for dinner and he said yes. do you live? @CAPS1 said in the big place, he said ok, see you at six. He didn't know @CAPS1 was the queen so he went to that place where they were eating carb legs and then after dinner they started liking each other and playing veido games. Then a month later, they were boyfriend and girlfriend and everything was going well. @CAPS1 wanted him to beg her to marry her, but @CAPS1 had to be patient, @CAPS1 did @CAPS1 wait a year and he still didn't ask her to marry him. @CAPS1 new, if @CAPS1 asks him @CAPS3 won't work, so @CAPS1 waits, @CAPS1 waits a little longer, he said he didn't ask her, so the next day @CAPS1 went out with her friends @PERSON1, @LOCATION1 , feanne and @CAPS5, they went to @CAPS6, they sat in the mud bath, they were talking about how @LOCATION2 and @PERSON2 were doing, @LOCATION2 said they were doing well. @CAPS3 just won't let me marry him, I don't think he wants to ask me, but we live together. The next day @CAPS1 @CAPS1 came home with all her friends and family at her house, in front of everyone he asked her to marry him, @CAPS1 said yes, everyone was happy for her, he said I'm asking you I just want @CAPS3 to be someone you'll never forget, @CAPS1 asked her friends if they knew and they said yes, everyone knows we just can't tell you. One year they had a big wedding, @CAPS3 was very classy, @CAPS3 was a village wedding, everyone was there, they partyed all night. @CAPS7.
There used to be a soldier named @CAPS7 connor. He is private first class. His best friend is called @PERSON1 and he is also private. " I can't believe we have to wait six months to actually start deploying." @CAPS1 @CAPS7. "@CAPS2 that's it," @CAPS1 @PERSON1. Both of them @CAPS1 went to the shooting range. flat! The bullet hits the target when it hits the target. "@CAPS3 shoot!" @CAPS1 @PERSON1. "@CAPS5." @CAPS6 @CAPS7. Right in the center is the hole where the bullet hit. Good goal for @CAPS7, but he still has to wait. "Patience," @CAPS1 @PERSON1. @CAPS7 is patient, but he wants to be so bad. It's finally time to deploy. He was excited to go. One day, his motorcade was hit hard by fire while patrolling and died on the spot. Patience is the key to everything in this story, remember to be patient the next time you have to wait.
Treat patience in your own way. How you show patience, you're not rude, you're just standing there waiting for your turn. To me, patience means you stand or sit quietly, without rude comments. For example, one time my mom's friend was very patient with her because when my mom changed my brother's helmet, she had to wait for her. When I was at the store, my cousin put on a dress patiently and it took me a long time. When my brother and I were on shore, he was shopping for a pair of shoes. I am patient. I didn't get mad or make rude comments. Once I was in the store with my nephew and I was ordering some food and he made a rude comment but he was impatient. The patience you choose is that you have to wait patiently for your turn to go. The whole point of writing this article is that you have to be patient in your life.
Once when my family went to @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 we had to wait in line for one of the witches I speak of. Well, I'm not as patient as my sister, but I am. After the ride, I forgot how long the ride would take. My parents remember they thought we had left the park and drove somewhere. Well, there are many times I've been patient like my friend spent two days playing music on my @CAPS2. She just got into @CAPS2 and she wants to put music on it. So she asked me if I wanted to play more music on @CAPS2 too. Well, I said yes. Even though I know I can't live a day without using or just looking at my @CAPS2. But the only thing I can do is be patient. Well, two days later she finally gave it back. I thanked her and asked her what took her so long. She says the composer keeps going, and her deductions are like forever.
@CAPS14 Can I go to @CAPS1's house after school today? "@CAPS2 asked. "I'll call the school, okay?" ' answered her @CAPS14. You might be worried about who @CAPS1 is. @CAPS10 She is the best friend in the world @CAPS2, they've always been friends, in tissues. Do you know how old they are now? @CAPS10 They're thirteen now Years old. Now let's talk about @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is a family of five, her @CAPS14, dad, brother, her @CAPS14 has a baby on the way. @CAPS2 always wanted a little brother to her Great for a new baby at @CAPS16. At first I got word at school @CAPS2 that she could go. So @PERSON1 and she started walking to @PERSON1's house and when they got there @PERSON1 and @CAPS2 had A sanck." @CAPS6 @CAPS2 Do you want your @CAPS14 to have a boy or a girl? " Ask @CAPS1." I don't really care about me, @CAPS13, if I had to choose one, I'd want a @CAPS16. I already. " Reply to @CAPS2 "@CAPS10 be patient and you'll get what you want" @CAPS1 said. Oh "@CAPS12 is a girl" when my @CAPS14 gave birth to my new baby @CAPS16 at @MONTH1 @NUM1, The doc is sad and I'm so glad I just want to hold her, @CAPS13 every time I ase @CAPS12 if she's younger now, @CAPS12 is getting real so I give up. @CAPS13 fannlliy one day my @CAPS14 Come to my room where can you take a look at your @CAPS16 so I can get a @CAPS15?" That was the happiest thing in my life. So me and my @CAPS16 grew up as best friends as one was with @PERSON1. This is what happens when a bw has a little patience
"@CAPS1" @CAPS2 My teacher said "@CAPS3 Let's start the meap test!" "Hmmmm" @CAPS2 sighed at the same time. After the teacher handed out our booklet, we filled out the information, wrote our names and started. With the test going, I @CAPS4 @CAPS5 done! But there are also some very slow workers. I was bored! There is nothing to do but sit down. I wanted to complain but for the sake of my @CAPS2 I decided not to complain and finally the @NUM1 part is done. "Time for the @NUM2 @CAPS2 section!" the teacher exclaimed. "Oh you must be kidding, I said to myself. The @NUM2 part was short but took a kid @NUM4 minutes! At the end of the day the teacher was very proud of my patience. Later that year , my meap results came out and they were fantastic!
The one time I was patient was when I was going to @LOCATION1 as the drive was @NUM1 hours. I was hungry, bored and really needed to go to the toilet. I didn't tell anyone because I knew we couldn't stop. I looked out the window and felt bored. We're going to @LOCATION3 and I'm glad we stopped for dinner at @LOCATION3, I know the road from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION3 is not long, but I ate at @NUM2 like noon. We finally enjoyed our meal at @LOCATION3. I'm very patient with it because when I'm impatient I get very emotional and when I'm emotional people don't want to be with me.
A patient person is one who deals with difficulties without complaining. Just like when you wait for a test at the doctor's office. Or an ophthalmologist could be a dentist. When you're in the doctor's office, everything goes quiet and then the phone rings! Then the doctor walks in or the dentist is waiting and waiting.
"Time to go out!" Teacher happy that @CAPS2 will have a break soon. All the kids gathered at @NUM1 to jump rope with us! " A girl said sweetly, @CAPS2 turned the skipping rope around and the little girl patted his little flats on the concrete just enough for @PERSON1 to say to her. "I'm waiting" the little girl said impatiently. @ CAPS1 on." @CAPS2 said in a displeased tone! "Okay!" the little girl said, and @CAPS2 went over the target, rocking back and forth and barking. A love from @PERSON1! @PERSON1 does want to play tag, or hide and seek. "@CAPS3," @CAPS2 said sweetly, his arms folded nicely in his lap, @CAPS2 waving away and running away. @PERSON1 laughs at him then thinks @CAPS4 I'm playing with him and then another friend of mine will be pissed. But @CAPS2 is on purpose! The little boy who was especially waiting for @ORGANIZATION1 to make up her mind was hopping around like a rabbit trying to make her laugh again. "@PERSON1!!! The little girl said and jumped around making her smaller. The plastic shoes fell on the floor. "I don't have to play with @NUM2, but I'm your best friend. "@CAPS2 said to get a fare that only her mom would forget." @CAPS6 Eyes don't work for me! @PERSON1 said: "Good!" @CAPS2 said it again, girl ran away "I can play with you" @CAPS2 said "@CAPS7 Let's play tag?" @CAPS2 laughed and @NUM3 said. Thank you for playing with me," the little boy said.
Last time @DATE1 I went to @CAPS1 @CAPS2. We drove for hours! Oh my go, her ass hurts! We got there and there was no packing point, so we went to the parking lot in the back! But then I got excited, we were walking towards the park and it took @NUM1 minutes to get on the car, I was very patient that day, and then we made a turn, and @NUM2 people! So that day I rode almost every ride in the park and ate a whole @NUM3 pound burger, fries and milkshake! So this is my story about my patience!
collision. Prosperity! Oh no, there was an accident. @CAPS1 @CAPS1 Traffic stopped. "We can't stop. Not now," my sister shouted. I'm going to be late for dance class. Oh @PERSON1 Please be patient, this traffic will move before you know it. " I said. Minutes passed and @PERSON1 had to go to the bathroom. My mom told her she had to go to the bathroom. My mom told her she had to wait, but she replied, "I don't want to wait." " I sit and look out the window because that's all I can really do. @PERSON1 screams, "I have to go to the bathroom." " @PERSON1, I said please be patient. " I gave her a candy and just told her to shut up for a few minutes. @NUM1 minutes passed and my sister fell asleep. I asked my mom when she thought the traffic would crash. She told me she didn't have traffic @NUM2 minutes later Started moving but stopped and then started moving again. Finally we got to the exit and my sister went to dance class. She got out of the car and rushed into the studio. That's when I was patient.
About three years ago my family and I spent a weekend at @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 sun darky, @LOCATION1. It was the perfect weekend, except for a four-hour drive in the car with older siblings. It was loud, there were people crying, and all that annoying crap, but I was patient. When my family and I arrived at @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 it was crowded! Crowded like jam packs. My mom took my little sister and brother to play with the children's rides, and my dad took me and my brother to play. My group took all the horrible big rides. I had almost every horrible ride that day except @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3! ! ! The ride was the biggest ever. I would love to keep going. My group lined up and realized their line was about half a mile long and the park was getting dressed soon. Twenty minutes later...I'm very patient on this line. We are within a quarter mile of the line. My father didn't think it was worth it. So my team meets my family and we are sad to leave @ORGANIZATION1. This is one of the saddest rides ever. So maybe next time I should be more patient.
Have you ever waited for something or someone without complaining? If so, you are very patient. Patience isn't just about waiting a long time, it's about respecting rather than complaining about waiting. In order to be patient, you have to be respectful and quiet unless they ask you something. Patience takes effort. If you are at school and need to go to the bathroom, wait until the teacher is done talking to someone or he/she is on powerschool. Do not interrupt teachers during meetings or conversations. People will like you more if you are patient. So remember, when you're waiting for someone or something, remember the word patience.
When I was in third grade, I wanted a friend of mine who had a disability, but I had to learn to be patient with him. When it comes to dating someone like him, patience plays a big role in friendship with him. Although he had his days, I would say to myself "you have him, be patient" and he and I are still friends to this day.
I'll tell you when I'm patient. Hope you can read it for a long time. I'm going to @LOCATION1 to go to quisney world. It's always ke! It took three days to drive. We play games like spies or game boys. We rarely take breaks to urinate or eat. I will not like this trip. But when we finally got there, it was worth it. We have fun.
I was at home the other day and I was getting ready to go to dinner and there was a long line so I was on the phone with @LOCATION1 and @PERSON1 and we were talking about the @CAPS1 test so I said @CAPS2 why does this take forever so they told me Be patient until it's time to order so what do i mean by patience they say it means understanding and tolerance don't complain so i said i might try and then before i know i'm sitting at a table Next to dinner, call Red Hobster. So now I know that whenever I go somewhere with a long queue, all I have to do is be a little more patient and not complain.
This is a story about when I have patience. My family is planning a camping trip to @LOCATION1. There is a huge campground where you can book an area and camp there. Too bad it's about 1 hours away from @NUM1. So I packed up a magazine, some paper my @CAPS1 and decided on the best. My sister @PERSON1 and I played each other for about an hour in @LOCATION2, but when @CAPS4 played, all I thought was camp. Then I was reading a magazine about camping, which I didn't know it was about camping at first, which made me even more excited. Then I drew for about half an hour and it was fun. I ended up sleeping another half hour. When I woke up, I stared at the road with wide eyes and kept thinking about camp. Finally @CAPS2 says @CAPS4 is here, kids! " "@CAPS3! " @CAPS4 all @CAPS5. @CAPS4 camped, played in the playground, swimming, campfire. All the waiting was worth it. But the drive home seemed so much faster. That's my story of patience
Hi, I am writing on the topic of patience. I think patience is very important in this world. Because if no one has the patience, everyone will go mad like a banshee and go mad all the time. It's important to have patients because in life it's not always fair and you have to wait for your turn. For example, when I go for an allergy shot, I have to be patient. Because others get @CAPS1 first and act to get service first. I also have to be patient in my football game because everyone has to play and I can watch the whole game live at @CAPS1. Many impatient people make others impatient. Another term for impatience is hospitalization. Everyone needs some kind of patience. That's what the world needs, a little more patience. @CAPS2.
This is a story about when my mom was patient. I was at the clinic with my mom once? ? go get my medicine. We were one of the first people there. Then more and more people started coming. My mom thinks we were the first to be called, we were not in the @NUM1 group called, then the @NUM1 called group. @NUM3 groups are called. Then my mom and I finally got the call, and that's the story of my mom's patience.
Have you ever learned only once in your life. I let ??? you about it. One day, I was watching too at home. All of a sudden, the bathroom I had to use was terrible. Unfortunately for them my mom and my sisters had to go. My mother went first to my sister to go beside. My mom didn't take long, but my sister was there and I was pissed off, but L was still waiting patiently. It's on, but I know eventually I'm new and it's going to come out eventually, but just waiting. I'm doing the bathroom I can get my hands on. I was knocking on the door trying to just come back and I was waiting in the bathroom and dealing with my business. In short, it's a time and I have patience.
Patience is a virtue. This is something we all need in our lives. Without it, we cannot do anything patiently. People get bored because they have no patience. Now, this is my time to be patient. After @DATE1 I decided to buy on ipod touch. Since no stores are open, I only have another option. Online Shopping. I got it with amazon. I can't wait! Unfortunately, I had to wait a week to get it. It's boring to wait for it, but I have other things to occupy my mind. I was so happy when it finally came! I'm glad I waited. From patience, I know you can't let it all pass, and I know whoever waits, good things will come to them. And I'm better at waiting for everything. That's how I am patient and make bin more patient.
On @DATE2, @DATE1 to be exact, my family and I wanted to watch fireworks at a local park. It's time for my brother and I to visit all my friends and we're so excited? ? ?? I'll be there in over an hour. I'm very patient because I know I wouldn't be in a very happy mood if I wasn't my mom. "Are you there?" My brother sat up. "@CAPS1 my @CAPS2, @PERSON1 we just got in the car." I said my bro was always important and of course I didn't say anything on the way there, every word he said made the ride feel longer .
Patience is very important in life. I have been patiently waiting many times over several days. I'm going to tell you a time, I have the patience and it pays. This is @DATE1, my birthday happens to be the first two pedestals. I went to my mom and asked her if I could get a call. She said I was young and she didn't get a call until she went to college. I told her that everyone has a cell phone, but to me, that's partly true. She told me she would, and if I eavesdropped on her again, she wouldn't give me a call. It's @DATE3 now, just over @NUM1 days until my birthday. I thought about what kind of phone I wanted, and what color case I thought I would get it. I thought about cell phone week. Finally one day, someone @DATE2, my birthday. I wake up to the smell of pancakes in the morning. After we eat, we go to my grandma's house because it's also thanksgiving. After dinner we went back to my house for my birthday supprise. I opened my pressants from aunts, uncles, grandparents, and then the last box. I run it over and it's my phone. I was so excited I called all my friends in my new phone. This is the best birthday present ever. It's a good thing to be patient because I'm a patient and I got the phone I wanted. This is why you should always be patient and wait. After; @PERSON1.
One day, when I was home alone, I felt that no one was with me. I was home alone because my uncle was very ill and my parents and I went to visit him. I'm so scared, I feel like @CAPS1 left me. So I prayed and prayed and I fell or heard nothing. So I fell asleep and I heard @CAPS2 talking to me! I run in the field and know the grass. I saw a man walking by in a date suit and when he came out of the mud he was no longer sitting or doing anything. I ran up to him and asked him "who are you?" He replied, "@CAPS1 kid, why do you look so lonely? I'm your angel and I'm here to tell you what your father said," he told me After a long time, I was no longer scared or alone, there was a cloud in the sky and he said he had to go, but he was my Goodian corner. After that, he ascended to deol. I will never forget him, he is my angle. That's when I need to be patient to hear @CAPS4's voice.
My time to be patient is when Christmas comes. At first I just wanted Christmas to come here. But my mom told me I just have to wait, it's coming soon. So I waited and waited because I really wanted a wii console and The Sims @NUM1. So finally when Christmas came, I got what I wanted and some. Usually @CAPS1 isn't that patient, but I did because my mom told me it was coming soon. I learned that when you really want something or really want to do something, the more patient you are, the quicker it will come.
Every day I have this kid sitting next to me on the bus. He's annoying every day, but I still listen to him. We've been in the past for a long time, but we sometimes discuss things. He tells an angry story about @CAPS1 and snipers. He's not my real friend, but he came to talk to me. I think it's a God-sent task if I listen to this kid because he doesn't have many friends.
Are you patient? I believe we should be patient. I think patience is something we need very much in the future. You can be patient at the market, in line for lunch, and teaching the dog tricks. I'm going to talk about patience at the fair. You should be patient at the fair. You need to be patient when you line up for a ride. When you buy a ticket or a car, you need patience. This is one way you need patience. Now it's the lunch line. You need patience. We all have to eat, so we should wait. I, have people by my side all the time, and they are impatient. This is another way we should be patient. Now teach your dog tricks. @CAPS1 one you need a lot of patience. You can't just expect a dog to know the trick @CAPS1 is at work. You need to be slow and patient. That's why you need patience. You need patience at the show, at the lunch line, and teaching the dog tricks. At the fair you need patience. At school you need patience. At home you need patience. This is why p patience is important.
Patience is something people sometimes don't have. I know I did it once. I dare to tell you this. It was a sunny day. All my family is outside. My dad makes hot dogs and hamburgers on the grill. My mom is finishing setting up the form. My brother and I followed football. We all know how to throw and catch a football, but not my little brother. Considering the fact that all of us chose to teach my little brother. We tried it once, we tried it twice, but he just wouldn't get the hang of it. Finally, all my sisters got tired of explaining the goals of his game, so they gave up. I said it over and over on the other side until he understood. I was tired myself and told him what to do here. But then I thought, "Hey give the kid a chance, he might just get it", so I've been helping him. "@CAPS1 is ready! Come in", my mom called out. "Time for @CAPS1 to let in." I said to my brother. "@CAPS2! Just one last time and I promise I'll get it!" he exclaimed. "@CAPS3, but only once" I replied. Even though he keeps saying that over the past few hundred times he's tried his best, I don't think it hurts to do it once. When I release the ball from my hands brother run to it, grab it! After he grabbed it, he shouted "I did it", I looked at him smugly and said, "Good job" and he ran inside and told my parents that he finally caught it. I really alod help him when I have the token. I know he can do it @CAPS2 no matter how many times I try or he tries. I know he will get it soon. he made it! This is my patient time.
For me, when someone is patiently waiting, they are in line or waiting for something, they are very calm. They are not in a hurry and very quiet place.
My brother has a medical examination today, why am I here? All I do is wait patiently for @NUM1, there is nothing I can do @CAPS1 I keep my cool. Waiting in a dark room was hard, I picked up a nearby car magazine and started flipping through, @CAPS1 Interesting an article about the new @CAPS2 coming out. I read in @NUM2 that I went to the bathroom and was soon back in the dark wasteland. I took out my phone and texted a few people. Five minutes passed and I answered no, I closed my eyes and tilted my head back, so I waited and waited. Just as I was about to hit my head against the brick wall, my brother came into the room and said "that's it". Then I got a text from two people, it would be better if I was crazy!
When I am patient is when it snows with my family. Because my dad and I have to deworm them, take them off the trailer, and start them, he has to ride a guy, give us a track, I ride behind him on the other sled, I'd love to put The sled was on it, but it wasn't, we went to @LOCATION1's auntie and home, I've been to many places on the sled.
This is when I have patience with my friend @PERSON1. @PERSON1 and I live in the same apartment building, so we've been hanging out. One day I had a @CAPS1 going to the carnival. I noticed she didn't like @CAPS1 instead of her saying "she's scared" of roller coasters, but I told her it's no big deal and we're not going to big rides. On carnival day, I was so excited and so was @PERSON1, when we got there she was really scared to ride so I told her we could ride the smallest car. After we went some, she wasn't that scared. than the wall, we were walking, she saw a ride, one of the biggest rides out there, and she said we should go on, so I told her we could go on if she wanted, and she was sure, on that ride After that we moved on to different bigger rides and we walked on the wall and she said thank you for your patience and I'm a good friend. Anyway, that's when I have patience with my friends.
In my life, sometimes I have to be patient. My friends and I decided to go to @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 that day. I love roller coasters, but I hate the lines that come with them. When we got there, we had to wait half an hour to get in. When we decided to ride @CAPS2 first. Next, we had to wait another @NUM1 minutes to get on the bus. There were also long wait times for the other rides we wanted. So waited all day. Even though we got our food, we had to wait for all this waiting and it took a lot of patience. My friends and I have to understand and tolerate waiting and long queues. By the end of the day, all of us are used to using our patience. That trip with @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 taught me to be a more patient person.
Patience, the engines roar, the propellers spin, and the plane moves forward, toward the runway. Everyone cheered. Then we heard a loud bang and the plane came to a stop. We sat there for over an hour. Finally, the pilot turned on the intercom and told us to pick up our bags, get off the plane, and go back to @LOCATION2. I was about to lose my patience by then, but I held back. why? Well, it all started with @LOCATION2. I've never really liked airplanes. But when I heard we were going all the way from @LOCATION4 to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3, I happily flew instead of a coach. We boarded at @LOCATION2 via gate @NUM1. The plane is taking off quickly, we are flying. I was a little confused when we landed at @LOCATION5 after @NUM2 minutes. I thought we were going to @LOCATION3! Turns out we were at @LOCATION5 for two hours. I had to sit and wait patiently for two hours. I'm really excited to go to @LOCATION3, I hate sitting and waiting. Two hours later, we found out that our flight was delayed by an hour. We sat and waited until we finally boarded. As we started to move forward, the wingtips of the plane got stuck on the side of the building and snapped. The flight attendant helped us get off the plane. I noticed all the grumpy faces of those who wanted to keep flying. I'm with them, but I try to be patient. After three hours of tense waiting, the plane was fixed and we set off. I know if I don't have the patience, I won't be successful on my long journey to @LOCATION3.
Once I was sent to my room and I was sitting on the bed too, I could @CAPS1 do anything. I asked to go out once and he added more time. So for about an hour and a half, I had to sit in my room. I took a nap for about twenty minutes. I was bored and then he finally let the meat.
One time, I was @NUM1 and I was so desperate to buy a new bike, I had no patience at all, so I asked my dad the other day if I could get a new bike "he said not right now" "I said please" He said later, after my dad got dressed that ! That's for my bike. I went to my dad and I told him I was ready for "what did he say" you're going to go to me and talk to you and he said no, now no, I was pissed off and went and sat down. An hour later, my dad showed up, so I ran so fast and said we can go now, he said Ali be patient, I said why did you say we are going, so my dad parked the car and went downstairs for lunch. So I started to get mad and I went to the couch and sat on their couch watching @CAPS1 while my dad was eating. When he was done he said Ali get out of the way! ! I said, where to go? Buy you a bike, I run so fast, hug my dad, and get dressed. I was patient after I got my new bike.
This is the story of my patience. I believe in eternity. So I went to a field and sat and waited for them. I'm about @NUM1 years old. So I wanted to go out and I was waiting outside. Then I saw something and my gosh it was just a shooting star. I am so present, but not one. Suddenly, I saw a deer running after me. So I shot it. Then I'm waiting I'm waiting. I was bored so I made a song. I'm waiting for eternity, yes, I'm waiting, yes, I am. It was getting dark and I saw something. is the icon. The spacecraft is parked in the field. aIeons came out and shot them all. Then take them home and take them to the cave city. They didn't believe me, I told them to go out and see the spacecraft, and they all passed out. That's when I'm patient.
Patients; when it gets to the finish, they want to keep riding, that's @CAPS1. The only problem is to wait @NUM1 hours. I was standing in the blazing sun on @NUM2 @CAPS2 days and I had a second thought. Look up at the green truck light and @CAPS3 Difficult shadow if? ? ? I know it's worth it. After @NUM3 minutes @PERSON1 my brother is ready. So we played @NUM4 @CAPS4 to pass the time. I wear it every time. Almost an hour later we arrived at the first pop and hit mageen. I got three pops and about @NUM5 lollipops @PERSON1 got twice as many around me. Two hours later we got to the elevator and were brought up by rats? ? ? At the top, they strapped us to the front seat! We are so lucky. crank! crank! crank! The roller slowly climbed the hill. Then own cart tilts down, we @CAPS2 go NUM5 miles per hour, we go up, down, sideways, to the other side, I go up down? three minutes. When we finally pulled back to the station, @PERSON1 had already drawn @NUM1 times, and? ? ? Sending my team back to the car, we started the @NUM8 hour drive home, I turned to my bro and said it was another so my own @NUM4 @CAPS5 game started.
When I was ten years old, my mother promised to give me a phone. But then she I had to wait until @CAPS1. This pisses me off because @CAPS1 doesn't show up until next month. I can't wait because this phone is a touchscreen with a keyboard. But I try to be patient. The next day, I kept seeing ads for these phones I wanted. It's hard to be patient, but I tried my best. So every day I have to try to focus on things other than the phone. Several of my other friends also have phones and I really want to text them. It's only a week away from @CAPS1 before I know it, so I'm excited, even though I have to pay for the phone. I just wish time flies, but it doesn't. So what I decided to do was wait. Six days have passed and tomorrow is @CAPS1! The days I've been waiting for have paid off! So the next day I woke up and opened my present and it was a brand new phone! My heart started beating with excitement. I am happy and then I thank my mom. So patience will eventually pay off.
When I was in fourth grade, I was going to a concert and I had to be very patient. I had a long queue to get in. While I was in line, I started chatting with my friends, we played games and took a few steps up every minute. I sat there, walked up with my mom, and sat down again as if the line wasn't moving at all! Finally we got to the front and my friends and I were very excited. Patience paid off because if I bothered my mom too much she might get bored of me. After attending that concert, I had a great time. That's when I have patience.
Patience is used when people are not in a hurry to get where they are going. Just like checking out at a store or at work, some people may be impatient at school and at work, you should always be patient, for example, use my patience at kinchat school because there are more than one hand @NUM1 , flat students, Half of them are busy at lunchtime and the other half are injured and they @CAPS1 don't know what to do.
When I'm patient is when I take @CAPS19 @CAPS1. @CAPS7 @CAPS2 test. @CAPS3 took two days. @CAPS19 @CAPS3 @DATE1 and @DATE2, @CAPS5 @NUM1 to about @NUM2 pm. I passed @CAPS19 @CAPS6! Then I had to wait (patiently) until @DATE3 @CAPS7 @CAPS2 @CAPS9, @CAPS10 I received @CAPS19 @CAPS11 @CAPS7 @PERSON1 level 1. That was/was @CAPS19's greatest achievement in @CAPS19's life, and it hasn't been easy so far. I started at five and am twelve now. I had to do what I knew about @NUM3 @CAPS13 and about @NUM4 stance, @CAPS14, @CAPS15, @CAPS16 and black people. @NUM5 minutes of exercise aka kumite (kun – @NUM6 minutes of practice self @ORGANIZATION1. I also need to make posters, parent and teacher recommendations, @NUM7 written report and written @CAPS6. I need to perform @CAPS13 and present myself @ORGANIZATION1 app and do @CAPS17 weapon skits and practice self @ORGANIZATION1 skits and send progress reports and/or latest reports and cards. I had to "@CAPS18" @CAPS19 @CAPS7 @CAPS2 , [@CAPS22 @CAPS23 or People are making this incredible martial artist / @CAPS24] (@CAPS25 Life Story)
Once I went to cetar point and I was sitting in the car. We are about @NUM1 hours from cetar point park. I was chatting with my sister @DATE1 and @ORGANIZATION1 and I fell asleep. We're there and I'm super excited and can't wait to continue @CAPS1. Me and my sisters mom and dad were walking in the park to the park and all I could hear was people screaming on the roller coaster and we were waiting in line @CAPS1 and I was at the back of the line and I was impatient and I was thinking com' on com'on I feel like I don't want to ride it anymore, it's time for me to ride @CAPS1 for @NUM2 seconds. This is my patience story.
Patience is a virtue I've always wanted. Sometimes I lose patience when something takes too long. There is an event called @CAPS1 in @ORGANIZATION1. It's on the rise and many people want to see if @CAPS2 will shut down. The rain did stop, but I had to wait until @TIME1. It's only six! So in other words, my family and I had to stand and wait for two hours and thirty minutes. These two hours seemed to pass forever. It's an unbelievable torture! My brother kept bugging us with the squeaks in the queue. My brother was reprimanded three times before he stopped! Finally they let us in at @TIME2 and we got pops and hot dogs. We found our seats and started watching. Man, I'm glad I'm patient enough. The show was worth the wait.
The other day when I was going to @LOCATION1 we drove @NUM1 all day because we were going in the wrong direction and my mom was screwed up at night and we were trying to find a hotel around @NUM1:30am, I'm the only one who knows because my three brothers @PERSON1, @LOCATION2, caman slept in the back seat of the van and my sister @CAPS1 and I were in the front and I was really pissed off because of a man. Check out their last room but I was really pissed, really pissed off, the next day we went to the room where @ORGANIZATION1 stayed and we're going to a water park/amusement park where there's a new ride" we Waited @NUM1 hours at the end of the range to continue riding, I was really patient, but my mom was tired and angry because it took so long and it rained again the next day, so we went to the hotel's Indoor fools but we couldn't go in because there were a lot of people so we had to wait but I didn't have the patience as I wanted to go swimming for almost half an hour we were going to swim then the next day we had to leave this time it took almost two days Let's get home on time, we got there at @TIME1, I was patient enough to help my parents take everything from our house, then we finally went to bed and I'm so happy.
"@CAPS1 kids. Today @CAPS10 will be working on our microscopes. I'll pick your buddies." @CAPS5 @PERSON1. @PERSON1 chose @CAPS2 as my partner. I think she is really smart. @CAPS10 is assigned to the microscope” The teacher told us that @CAPS10 has to draw everything @CAPS10 sees in our notebook. @CAPS2 looks at the microscope and sees blue lines everywhere.” @CAPS3, I can see ? " I asked." @CAPS4 I have to draw it in my notebook. " @CAPS5 @CAPS2." @CAPS1, @CAPS17 Hurry up. " I @CAPS5, didn't notice I was impatient." @CAPS8, who can accept @PERSON3 in their group? He needs a partner. " @CAPS5 @PERSON1. @CAPS2 looks up from the microscope, hands up. "@CAPS10 can!" " @CAPS5 @CAPS2. "@CAPS12!" Really @CAPS2? " I complained." @PERSON2, don't be rude. You know he's new to our @CAPS8. @ CAPS5 @PERSON1. @PERSON3 walks over, finds a chair, and sits down in front of me. He waits patiently for @CAPS2 to draw what she sees in her notebook. "@CAPS2, can you slow down?" " I yelled. "@CAPS17, can you be louder?" " she shouted back. Finally it was @PERSON3's turn. He looked at the microscope and started to draw. I tried to peek at @CAPS2's paper. She noticed and I quickly looked back. "@PERSON2 you really need @ CAPS4 and wait patiently. @CAPS10 will have a chance to browse it. " @CAPS2 @CAPS5 to me. "You're right. Thanks @CAPS2. I'm sorry I acted like that. " I @CAPS5." Nevermind, me too, @CAPS3, maybe @CAPS10 should have lunch together. " @CAPS5 @CAPS2." That would be cool. " @CAPS5 @PERSON3.
Patience is hard sometimes, but sometimes you don't care. There are many times I am patient. Sometimes I have to wait an hour or @NUM1 minutes. At one point I had to wait an hour. One time I had the patience to dance. My mom made me dance at @NUM2. I waited five minutes because I'm a bit yearly. After waiting five minutes, I was worried they might be in a different class, but no, they're not. After waiting for the third minute, I was really bored and remembered that the dance started at @TIME1. I can call home, but I don't have a cell phone. Then when another five minutes passed, I walked into the playset. I was on the swing with myself. When I was at @TIME1, my mom came to pick me up to dance, but I told her, "Starting at @TIME1. So I have to leave". She kept asking me why I didn't call and I kept telling her I didn't have a cell phone. Then she left and I went dancing for two hours. Patience for so long is humbling to me. I can walk for fifteen minutes, but I can't walk for an hour. That was one of those scary moments I waited patiently for.
I was patient when I had to cast a spell on @NUM1 little bad girls at my sister's house. My sister asked me if I wanted to spend @TIME1. I did and then her god child came. That @TIME1 sister rembend she had to go some. So she left me and the kids @NUM2 hours that morning. So I had to wait patiently for her to come back. Finally she did.
One day I had to wait @NUM1 hours, which seems like a year, but I'm not complaining. I was sitting in the doctor's office waiting to be called, and I was sitting there waiting with my mom. I sat reading a magazine while my mom chatted with her friends. Forty-five minutes later, about three people got the call. But I sit and read magazines. They called a kid named @PERSON1 and I thought it was me because my name was @PERSON2. I finished my magazine and moved on to the next one. I think I'd love it because it has the war on the front of the cover, but it's just a cover with nothing cool inside other than a floating tranlula trick. About an hour later, only five people were called. I finally read all the magazines and I'm bored. I watched people get called and called and in the end it was just my mom and me and another group and of course they were called before us. We didn't get the call until about three hours later, and when we got the call, we had to wait longer because they had technical issues with the machines there. When we did get in, we had to wait an hour and a half for the doctor. But we went in and he made my knee twitch and then made me hop on one foot and why I don't know. But he often put things in my ears and the thermometer on my tongue. But we finally got out of the car and went home. My mom asked me how I was so patient and I said, "I don't know".
I had to be patient when I went to the doctor and I went there because my aunt had a crack in the driveway. I ride my scooter. I must not have noticed because of my scooter. Hit a crack, so I jumped up. So my dad came out to pick me up. I have to be in a wheelchair. Wait because there are no more curtains left. I waited for an hour and then it was my turn. They checked my knee. Then they gave me the chance to walk. It's hard to get up the stairs in my house.
I was patient when I went to @LOCATION1 to see my @CAPS1. I'm patient because I don't want to get too excited about @CAPS2. When I get excited about things, we change plans and we're going to have to "cancel." So I kept calling" and we heard a little bit in the car and then my brother forgot something and we had to go back and get @CAPS2, I'm very patient with @CAPS2, ??? when I'm very patient to go @ We have been quiet at LOCATION1.
Have your parents or you ever submitted a job application? Well, my uncle did it and was very patient with it. He wants the job more than a kid wants ice cream. One day my uncle typed in an application for the job he wanted. When done, he copied and pasted it into the email. When he pressed send, he hurriedly grabbed his phone hoping to get the job. When he got up, he checked his phone to make sure there were no missed calls or messages. He knew he had to be patient. He's still waiting for a call from @CAPS2 and still nothing. It's been a week and he's thinking about calling @CAPS2 where he doesn't. Then he got a call that afternoon, so he ran like a cheetah to get his phone. I just my mom asked him if he got a job at @CAPS2 and he sighed and said no. I feel bad for the poor guy because I didn't know it until one day. The next morning, he got a call and he picked it up screaming, "@CAPS1 do you want it!" @CAPS2 had no idea it was the boss of the job. So he apologized and got the job. He was happy to know that he patiently waited forever and got the job he wanted. When he started his new job he really liked how he got it and now know you always know to be patient and everything will be fine. So now know to be patient regardless of the @CAPS1 deal. My uncle @MONTH1 is not an expert @CAPS2, he should be now. Again remember to always be patient and good things will come your way.
super beast patience i came here from school a day on the bus so @CAPS1 what it feels like to live @CAPS2 i got the finals i ran in i saw my high school bro with a box of pops i asked here to say u out loud Mong is set because that is allowed to require mong. You won't question what he said I took it out of your wall. I'm shouting for what I've been holding on to it so I can go to the movies. Like my mom and I thought? ? ? @NUM1 Thad is a friend. So I bought him in arr aut vumpt in his nose. It started to bleed. I try to run his grass? ? ? . He really knows me every time. But he said that when he asked me to do it, I would pay it back. I guess now that he's so patient with me, he can kill me and he doesn't? ? ? Will he save me next week? ? ? Back, he hit me the last time.
