Laughter is one of the most important elements in a person's life. If you're feeling down, a smile or a big laugh will send your body a message to the whole body to make you feel better. Scientists also say that frowning requires more muscle than smiling. I believe it's true because in order to frown you have to make your whole body look like you're frowning, like your shoulders and your face, but only a little smile can let people know you're happy. In this way, my family is very beneficial to each other. Every day when we talk, someone brings up a story or a movie line, reminds them of a story, and says it out loud to everyone with the right accent, sounds like a movie, and makes everyone laugh. For example, my Every now and then the siblings will mention quotes from @PERSON1 or @PERSON2, two comedians we love to hear so much, and everyone in the room will join in on their hilarious quotes, which can happen all night long. Or, not so long ago, my favorite movie was Get @CAPS1, because it was so much fun, we would have a blast at dinner, or just casually reference that movie in the kitchen for at least half an hour and the room would fill No - stop laughing. On the other hand, someone will make random comments because they heard it wrong or just don't understand it. It's like we have a dinner party at my house. My family and our guests are sitting at the dinner table as we get to the topic of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 as my little sister is studying them at school. We verbally completed the "@CAPS4 rule @CAPS5, who are they from, @CAPS5 they are other names" train. But according to my sister, we missed one. So, unexpectedly "@CAPS5 about @CAPS6?!". Her intention was about @CAPS4 but I'm sure everyone in the room heard "@CAPS5 about @CAPS9 @CAPS10?!" until we paused for a second and dealt with @CAPS5 what she meant and we all laughed Now, she didn't know why until she stopped and thought about it herself. Our family has had good times filled with laughter, but also some very down-to-earth moments. About four years ago, my next-door neighbor had an incident that resulted in him being brutally attacked and dying on our doorstep. He was so close to my family and the rest of us who lived in the cul-de-sac, it was very unexpected for him to die like this, and it was horrific to wake up in the middle of the night. After that, there wasn't a lot of laughter and fun for a while because we were all haunted by this horror. However, we all know his spirit is protecting us, so whenever we think about it, there is a gap between his mourning of loss, just filled with happiness and laughter. I believe my family and I have a very strong bond with each other because we have a lot of fun. There was never any pressure between us, but there was always a calm sense of familiarity and connection. Someone once said that "laughing is the shortest distance between two people". I believe that whoever that person is, is right. Even between two strangers you meet on the street, if they stop to talk and one of them tells a joke that makes them both laugh, that's the spark of a direct connection, they can be a long-term relationship Friends. This is one of the most important values people have and most people ignore its true importance to humanity.
The human brain is a work. It is the kingdom of our lives. It angers us, guides us, helps us, and destroys us. Our brain can make our body feel whatever it wants. It really is something else. One of the most valuable things the brain can do is a sense of humor. laughter. The ability not to take life seriously for a moment. That light switch in @CAPS7's body caused @CAPS7's brain to reach an uncontrollable state of bliss. Laughter is the only way our brains respond to the world. Find out the hilarious events that life has to offer us. I'm personally one of those people who finds everything in life interesting, or finds a way to make it interesting. I almost never take things seriously or take things seriously. Like my friends, we always have fun because we make life interesting. Maybe it's the rough facial expressions we exchange with each other, or maybe we @MONTH1 just look funny. Either way, we all have a sense of humor. This is life for @CAPS4, @CAPS1 @CAPS7 happy with those who make life @CAPS7 joyful. @PERSON1 said: "Live simple, let others live simple." I @CAPS9 We can all have a little sense of humor. Last year, a few friends and I went to Mission ridge for a weekend skiing. We're done, our own hotel suite with two king beds and plasma @CAPS2. @PERSON2 and I sleep in one bed, @PERSON3 in the other. We've always gotten along really well and shared the biggest laughs together. Nothing will happen between any of us. Except for a little midnight prank. On the second night at the hotel, @PERSON3 fell asleep first. @PERSON2 and I are watching some ghost movies that make us cry. @PERSON2 was eating a bag of popcorn and then started throwing small kettle fragments at @LOCATION1 in an attempt to wake him up. "@CAPS3, I have one of the funniest ideas." @PERSON2 whispered to me. "@CAPS4?" I replied lazily. @PERSON2 jumped out of bed without a word and ran into the bathroom. She came back with a tube of @ORGANIZATION2 toothpaste, a bag of coins and a bag of peach rings. "I have nothing to do with this," I said, continuing to stare at the TV. @PERSON2 started spraying toothpaste onto @PERSON3's arms, she ran the cream solution down his legs and back onto his face and hair. She stuffed coins, coins and pennies into mint cement, and sugary peach circles. "@CAPS5 will kill you." I gasped. "@CAPS6 @CAPS5 No! It's going to be fun." @PERSON2 blurted out, before plopping back to the hotel bed to admire her work. @PERSON2 then picked up her popcorn bag and proceeded to throw water bottles at @LOCATION1's face. The next morning wasn't planned by @PERSON2. @PERSON3 wakes up but doesn't have the expression @PERSON2 wanted. "@CAPS7 is done for @PERSON2!" @PERSON3 shouted. @PERSON2 laughed, still convinced it was just a joke. I see the anger in @LOCATION1's eyes. @CAPS5 is outraged. His body was crusted with dry toothpaste. Coins, coins and pennies burrowed into his skin, and peach-colored rings dangled moldy from his legs. @PERSON3 rushed into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. @CAPS5 rushes back to the room with the shampoo bottle in hand. @PERSON2 turns to face him, her smile disintegrating. "@CAPS4 would you use that shampoo bottle?" @PERSON2 questioned, confused. @PERSON3 is getting closer and closer to @PERSON2, she slowly backs away, not quite sure what @CAPS4's intentions are. The two of them switched positions, her back is now facing the door and @PERSON3 is facing the window of the room. @PERSON3 holding the shampoo bottle above his head. "Fast @CAPS9." @PERSON3 shouted @ORGANIZATION1's face with the power of @CAPS5 and dropped the bottle. But sadly, @PERSON2 dodged in time, the bottle didn't see her face, and created a nuclear explosion on the door behind her. The blue liquid spewed out and splashed all over the walls. There was a dent where the bottle hit the door. The entire back of @PERSON2 is covered in blue silt. I jumped out of bed and ran to the entrance where the explosion occurred. @PERSON3 walked up to @PERSON2 and burst into laughter. @PERSON2 sits in a puddle of shampoo and giggles. I stood there smiling at them. @PERSON3 is still scabbed, @PERSON2 is covered in blue mucus, looks like someone spit a blueberry smoothie on her back. I sat down with them and we all looked at each other and said nothing. all is well. Then I thought @CAPS6 is important @CAPS4 What we do to each other, piss off or try to blow each other up, we always find a way to laugh. A sense of humor is just our soul telling us that everything will be okay. This is the value of life that we can cherish forever.
It was my thirteenth birthday. I woke up on a sunny day which was weird for @ORGANIZATION1 because it was late @DATE1. I got up excitedly. I ran to the kitchen where my parents were. My dad asked me if I wanted to work with him and I said yes. My dad was a roofer so I was young so I couldn't get on the roof. I had to stay on the bottom and pick up the trash they would throw. I did this for a while and then I got my football out of my dad's truck and I started running around and kicking it. I noticed this slippery spot when I was running. I was planning not to go there, but I forgot, I stepped on a slippery spot. I fell, but when I fell, I kicked the football and it hit the wall and it came back and hit me in the face. My dad and uncles were laughing while I was blushing and embarrassed. They told me how fun it would be if it were in slow motion. I was embarrassed, I put the ball back in my dad's truck and I went back to work. The sun is about to set and we are going home. We got to my house, I walked to the door, opened it, I heard "@CAPS1!" @CAPS2, I looked around, my friends and family were there. The reason my dad took me to work was because my mom was throwing me a @CAPS1 party. I went to say hello to my family and friends. Then I went to take a shower, I was taking a shower, and suddenly the light went out. I was startled and screamed as loudly as I could. I ran out of the bathroom. In the living room, the lights are on again. My family and friends looked at me and started laughing. In my head, I was thinking why are they laughing at me? I looked down and I was naked. Everyone was laughing and enjoying the moment, and I was blushing to tears. I ran back to my room and got dressed. I go back to the living room and enjoy my party.
What would you do in a world with @CAPS4 laughter? Every day everyone smiles or laughs. It makes a person feel better. Laughter is a healthy medicine that affects you and others the most. There are many times in my life that all I need is a laugh. All I want is someone to be there to make me smile and cheer me up. I have an example. I just moved and that was my @NUM1 high school. I feel totally alone, I don't know anyone, and there is no one to help me feel less alone. I want a friendly face to smile at me, or talk to me. The whole @NUM2 hours spent at this new school was horrible. I hate my new life here while waiting for my mom to pick me up. The phrase "@CAPS1 @CAPS4 talk to me on day one, then @CAPS4 will talk to me" is always on my mind. I remember coming home with a group of my friends after school every day and we would make fun of each other or just say stupid things. We are always smiling and having fun. As I sat there waiting for my mother, I heard a familiar voice calling my name. When I looked up, I saw my friends @PERSON5, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 waving at me with their heads out of my mom's car window. Seeing that school just started, there are still many teens still @NUM3, @PERSON2, @PERSON6! ! I exclaimed. My unhappy thoughts disappeared and I smiled. As my friends left, I could feel people staring at the car and giving me a hug. For some reason, I didn't care about me All I care about is being able to smile again and be really happy with my closest friends. I grabbed my purse and ran over to give them a hug. They missed two classes to pick me up from school. My mom told them how unhappy I was and I Needs a friendly face. She couldn't be more appropriate. After the exchange of hugs, smiles and laughter, my friend @PERSON5 said his classic line. "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @PERSON3? "@CAPS4 One couldn't help but laugh, even my mom laughed. When I got in the car, I forgot about my bad day and how bad I felt. I forgot how much I wished my friends were there for me Feel me. I couldn't be happier when they did come. My life was so good and the school after that was great. I made great friends there because three of my friends reminded me that I am who, and pushes me to be who I am. They make me laugh, and when I smile at my new high school, people are more open and welcoming to me. It won't be long before @PERSON4 can go to school with a smile every day. Friends to you Life has a big impact and they remind you how wonderful it is to smile. Laughter is the truth between happiness I have to say. It is because of my smile and laugh that I make new friends and have other A wonderful high school life. Laughter brings people to me because it makes me look like a friendly and funny person. I think laughter is the cure for all misfortunes.
Laughter from @PERSON1 Once upon a time there lived a girl named @PERSON1. The year is two thousand and forty-eight years old and only a few people are alive after @DATE1, that's the end of the world at @CAPS7. @PERSON1's friend @PERSON2 is a huge @CAPS1 freak. She makes fun videos herself and puts them on @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4. One day she was so bored that she sat in front of her computer camera and took a video of "I'm @ORGANIZATION1". It was the funniest thing @PERSON1 has ever seen. She was wearing a @ORGANIZATION1 hat and this is her Part of wearing @CAPS1 uniform and @CAPS1 shirt with some known characters. @PERSON2 singing: "I'm @ORGANIZATION1. I'm a little @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. I was slippery in the garden, catching me a mouse, a mouse. I'm going to move my tongue to taste you. "@CAPS7 She did it and posted it on the site. @PERSON1 showed all her friends what an epic failure the video was, @PERSON2 of course loved it, @PERSON1. Once the video wasn't that cool or funny, It took about 2.5 days and no one actually watched it and no one actually laughed at it, it was made for that purpose. But @CAPS7 someone will watch it the first time it goes to school and laugh the shit out of it, Felt like an idiot because everyone saw it and didn't find it funny The real stuck was @ORGANIZATION1. Everyone in @LOCATION1 and @ORGANIZATION2's group of friends laughed, @CAPS7 @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 didn't , their friends will call them losers because they don't laugh at the kid being teased. LOL @CAPS7 It's not funny when someone is being teased. Son, why people laugh and demean others is because they are insecure about themselves, this Not a joke. @CAPS7 people watch @PERSON2's video saying she's @ORGANIZATION1 to make people laugh and think it's funny, @CAPS8 doesn't let people say rude things that are used to put people down. Laughter is the key to the conversation, But it's healthy for people to laugh. @CAPS7 other people see people being made fun of, now is not the time to laugh at them, @MONTH1 is funny in some situations, but put yourself in that person's shoes and feel them Feels like @CAPS7 people say rude and hurtful things, people can stop those who throw disappointment and support those who get hurt. Laughing is for really funny things. Let's say you're walking down the street, on the sidewalk, passing by These punk kids, they think they're idiots, they're poking sticks with sticks, throwing bottles and trash at a homeless man with a dog who's still kicking him where he can't move by those kids, Lying on the ground in pain, would you walk over and laugh because you thought it was funny? No, @CAPS2 nope, @CAPS2 will walk up to the poor guy to see if he's an oak, then you can call the police , and see if they can find a kid who did this to this poor old man. It's not right to see laughing at people who are upset or beaten up for words, people need to stop, this is one if you're one of the last few on the planet Personal world, they know you laugh at other people's pain, do you really think they will help you, or just pass by and laugh like you? People in this world are cruel, if we are hurt or depressed by hurtful words, we We all need someone to help us. One way you benefit from laughter is that if you laugh about the right things, you feel good and have someone to help you when you need it. Tell @CAPS2 friends, If they laugh at people's pain and anger, no one will be there these days Stand up for them. You can be a change in our school, work environment, life in general, @CAPS2 kids and grandkids, @CAPS2 future friends, future world changers. "
Looking back, everything seems to have a deeper meaning. However, as we age, we see the world with new eyes. We see the harsh truth, peeling off the glossy film that hides it. Laughter helps us see happiness again and remember it's there. When was the last time you got lost in laughter? Studies show that laughter releases feel-good chemicals in the body. It prolongs life because believe it or not, our bodies love to be happy. Laughter is a highly addictive and contagious drug, and the best part is that it's free, legal and healthy! Laughter makes us feel better when we need it and brings us closer. No matter what happens in our lives, laughter is one of the only things that distract us from pain and stress. As we get older and life becomes more complex, we find laughter more and more difficult to obtain, but just as necessary. I remember one time I was so excited to go to school every day. I love coming to familiar classrooms and seeing everyone who makes my day better. We tell jokes and recall good memories, and in the process create new ones for the future. Life is simpler, and our worst fears revolve around the desire to grow old, to break free from youth, to come out of the impotent shell of captivity. Only we know what that really means. A smile is not hard to come by, we all enjoy the simplicity that life has to offer. Amid all the memories and laughter, I've come to realize that, beyond movies and family, there's love, your love for a friend you cherish. Laughter is the key variable, which can be seen in understanding my relationships. When you learn from an early age how to fall deeply in love, that kind of patience and trust can get you through every day of the rest of your life. All we need to do is remember not to forget. The simplicity of childhood is what makes it so precious. Unfortunately, as we age, the future looms over our heads, casting a shadow over what we hold dear. There is a predetermined way we should live our lives that, for some reason, erases the rationality of our true desires. Laughter gave way to sighs and tears, and dimples were forgotten, replaced by frowns. As an adult, everything revolves around the office and 9-to-5 obligations. Businessmen walk by, looking like identical brainless penguins. Where has all the fun gone? It seems that happiness fades away day by day. We no longer know our colleagues around a circle of carpet squares. Instead, we were confined to felt paddocks and swivel chairs. All the stress makes us forget to laugh, but we simply cannot. Laughter is the amnesia that turns cubicles into forts and chairs into rocket ships that will take us out of the fort to pursue our dreams. So when was the last time you got lost in laughter? Do it now. Take the pen and turn it into a quill. Get out of your cubicle and find the world you love. Laugh every day because life is too short to forget.
It all started with a book before @DATE1 @DATE1. My mom noticed that I was struggling to find friends, so she helped me make some friends herself. She has several school friends who have children of their own, some my age. I was with these girls a few times as a kid, but not recently. I'm not sure what my mom saw today at @LOCATION1 that made her think we'd click, but she was right. It seems like such a small move, but it would completely change my life. On @DATE2, in my new house, I met @PERSON1 for the first time. I couldn't help but feel very upset about my mom doing this the night before she arrived. I feel like I'm fine and fully capable of making friends on my own. She acted as if she knew me, but she didn't believe a few acquaintances I knew were good for me. I don't think she'll be right this time, and I don't want to waste my time. A sudden knock on the door interrupted my thoughts, and I could hear her low voice and footsteps downstairs. I quickly went back to my room, back to my bed. The bulky front door opened and closed, and footsteps came to my room. When @PERSON1 first walked into my room, my first thought was that we couldn't get along. She is a beautiful blonde girl who is clearly popular and very confident. I couldn't stop thinking about how she would call me a freak and poke at my differences like any other girl at school. "@CAPS1, what are you reading?" @PERSON1 asked, sitting on my bed. Come find yourself. "I replied, handing her the book in my hand. I knew she would hate this book. It's about all the microbes that feed and live on your body. I was right, when she leaned over carefully @PERSON1 read and looked at that book with a look of disgust on her face. The laughter was boiling inside me and I couldn't hold it anymore. My small, dull room filled with laughter. @PERSON1 with Another weird look looked at me and started laughing with me. Once the laughter stopped and the ice was broken, we started talking about other interests. @DATE1 Just a few hours passed and we found a lot in common. We Shared interesting stories, introduced new music to each other, talked about hobbies. I can't remember the last time I was so in tune with someone, especially someone I just met! Suddenly our conversation was met with a brisk knock on the door downstairs Interrupted, we looked and smiled at each other. In that smile I saw a real person smile at me and showed it with great pleasure. Very different from the kids I used to meet at school. We were downstairs Saying goodbye to each other. As the new cool @DATE3 air started rushing through the open door, I reached out and hugged her. To my surprise, she made my gesture and ran back to hug me. Her hair smelled of hair products And the smell of powder, a very unfamiliar smell, but surprisingly comfortable. Once she was gone for a night, I started thinking. I really like @PERSON1 and I want to see her again soon. Can be so relaxing and perfect I feel fulfilled and fulfilled in a way to bring me this bright future opportunity. I also feel guilty when I realize how I felt about @PERSON1 in the first place. For a guy who was judged most of the time in school I've been very hypocritical. I stayed up later than usual that night thinking about what she'd be like the next time I could see her and trying to understand how we got along so well. Although these questions plagued every thought I had , I'm still sleeping soundly thinking about seeing her next time. All @DATE1 questions and concerns have been answered in @DATE1, we are the closest of friends. After we started hanging out more often Soon we started to like each other very much. One of my favorite parts about our relationship is how people are so confused by how different we are both so close. We can accept stares, comments and whatever else we struggle with today things and finding a way to laugh together to make it less important. I thank my mom for doing so much for these @DATE1s, but mostly for what she does for my relationship. Without her, my Life could be darker. On that cold night, no one expected this meeting to turn into our beautiful relationship. Laughter is an extremely important part of building and maintaining a relationship. Thanks @DATE1 @DATE1 Excellent conversation before the laughter and I got the best experience I could ask for.
Since I was a little girl and I didn't have my biological mom, @CAPS1 gave up on my adaptation when @CAPS1 was just @NUM1 and @CAPS1 wasn't ready for @CAPS8 to be a mom. @CAPS1 has always been an adventurer and never thought about the consequences for her. My adoptive parents have been honest with me @CAPS4 why @CAPS1 gave up on me. I accept how my life has turned out I am so grateful, @CAPS2 I wasn't adopted, I wouldn't know @CAPS8 my @PERSON1, the most loving, adventurous, funniest, smartest woman you'll ever meet. As long as I can walk @PERSON1 will let me out camping and hiking @CAPS4 her. @CAPS2 @CAPS6 It's a nice sunny day and no one doubts we will be. @CAPS2 We are at @PERSON1's house on @DATE1 or @DATE2, we are always at her garden boy, @PERSON1 @CAPS3 her garden and flowers. Don't wait, it's a lie @PERSON1 @CAPS3 Natural period. @CAPS1 taught me @CAPS8 how to appreciate everything around me especially nature, @CAPS4 me and her, we are closer than anything you can imagine, @CAPS2 is her star sky, @CAPS2 I am Bird @CAPS1 is my wings. @CAPS6 It's that simple. It wasn't always easy for her and me to @CAPS6, but the way we know how @CAPS8 responds is that @CAPS8 laughs at everyone, not bullying or teasing one way, but one good way. Laugh for me, my @PERSON1 is like @CAPS8 our second nature, @CAPS6 lets us know that everything will be fine. My favorite cousin @CAPS7 passed away a few months ago, @PERSON1 and I have met Barley or talked for a while, but then it all happened so fast @CAPS4 @PERSON2. @CAPS6 was at his funeral when we met. My sizemore family is there and even after @PERSON2 is gone, his presence is still there. The night after the funeral, everyone went to @CAPS8 my aunt's house and spent the time we just spent together. Finally @PERSON1 and I got a chance to talk to @CAPS8 and yes we were all in tears but we were all laughing @CAPS8. We're laughing at all @CAPS4 @PERSON2 and all the crazy stuff he does . Once he went to @CAPS8 to pick up my uncle at the airport and he was waiting there in his Elvis costume with a bigger sign in hand... boy is @PERSON2 a fool. @PERSON1 just told me all these things, and @CAPS6 back then I felt like @PERSON1 got me something else that @CAPS8 appreciates. @PERSON1 taught me @CAPS8 how to appreciate laughter @CAPS4 sorrow at a time. @CAPS8 rejoices when you trade, @CAPS8 has hope when you feel like you have nothing. I learned that even though people may not think so, laughter is the key medicine for everyone's pain @CAPS8. People don't think laughter is an antidote, they think @CAPS6 is what you do when you hear a joke. More laughter than people give @CAPS6 credit. My @PERSON1 taught me all these things, plus the true meaning of laughter, that will always be @CAPS4 me.
Laughing is one of the things we do best. @PERSON1 and I talk almost every day and never get tired of laughing. We talk about everything, and even though it's the saddest thing in the world, we can make it funny in a way, that's just one of the things we do. It's our job as best friends to make each other feel better, if one calls the other to cry, their job is to make them laugh, if it's fun for both parties @CAPS2 know it's a Item did a good job. On @DATE3 my uncle passed away and I called her crying and she said everything will be ok thinking about all the good memories I have of him. The only one I can think of is the funniest story of my life and even though I was still crying there was laughter in those tears and I knew my uncle was going to make me laugh and he was right there with me laughing . @PERSON1 and I met @DATE1 at @ORGANIZATION1 and we spent a week outside @DATE1 meeting new people and getting closer to @CAPS1. That week was one of the funniest of my entire @DATE1, even though @PERSON1 and I didn't "click" on @ORGANIZATION1 that week, we later found out we were more alike than we thought. Some people say that friendship doesn't work when two people are very similar. Well, it's true and it's false. When @CAPS2 are similar, @CAPS2 can talk to each other about anything, but when @CAPS2 encounters these differences and the other disagrees, it starts bickering, but bickering only brings people closer. Even though I don't see much @PERSON1, that doesn't mean we can't be best friends. What if your best friend lives in a different state, does that mean they're not your best friend anymore? No, it just means that @CAPS2 doesn't see them the way @CAPS2 wants. Even though we live close together, we don't always have time to meet up, but when we finally do, it doesn't get boring. We went to Skateworld about a month after @PERSON1 was in a serious car accident, @PERSON1 was on crutches so she couldn't skate, but that didn't stop her from having fun and making @TIME1 full of laughter. She danced to the music , sitting in the seat and shouting: "@CAPS2 will never see these people in your life again, why not have some fun?". By @DATE2 @TIME1 she made almost everyone in our group dance on a stool, I don't regret a single thing that happened to @TIME1, it was the most laugh I've had in a year. We danced and screamed for about three hours, and before our parents got them, we were all home. That's @TIME1 I'll never forget. A girl recovering from a horrific car accident makes the most of everything she has! When things don't go the way we want, we just wish life could have happened differently, but when we look back a few years down the road, we see that all was well and @MONTH1 just made @CAPS2 laugh. Some things are hard to laugh at, but when @CAPS2 gets to this point, a good thing is to think something happy or funny and try to laugh. Laughing always makes me feel better and it feels good to know that I can make people in difficult lives laugh until they pee. It makes me feel like I've done a good thing in my life and I'm willing to help @PERSON1 with her difficulties. To me, that makes this life, a life worth living. While @CAPS2 can't help everyone through their every struggle, sometimes it's just there to help them more than @CAPS2 @MONTH1 knows. @PERSON1 and I have planned so many lives we've wanted to live, and looking back now all I can do is laugh because in my heart I know they'll never happen. Even if we do our best to make them happen, I doubt they will. But, well worth the laughs and a good time to make up for them, trust them to happen for a while, and I know we'll all be laughing looking back in a few years. Laughter is a great way to get rid of fear, anger and stress. It reminds @CAPS2 of all the good times @CAPS2 has in your life and lets @CAPS2 know that @CAPS2 is happy in your life. I don't think anyone can separate @PERSON1 from me despite our fight on @DATE2, all the laughs are over. We are real friends.
laughter. Something everyone does. It's natural, organic, normal. They say kids laugh more than adults, maybe that's what @CAPS6 is keeping them childish. They can still let that deep enjoyment instinct express itself in bouts of happy noise. Laughter is unique to everyone. Some have musical laughter, some have deep belly laughter. And then there's the @CAPS10 ones snoring or snickering, the kind of laughter that makes @CAPS8 laugh because @CAPS8 heard it. Those @CAPS10 my favorites. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" and I totally agree. Laughing with people is the biggest impact in my relationships with friends. I have five girlfriends and I can't live without them. They supported me, loved me, and made me brave and out of my comfort zone. Lots of sleepovers, all @CAPS8 at 2am here is all of us laughing at some shocking @TIME1 confession or fear of "@CAPS8 would rather?" Someone just figured it out. One @TIME1 in particular was particularly interesting. Last time was @DATE1 and we slept on the porch of @ORGANIZATION1. It was a spectacular @TIME1, the stars were outside, the air was cool but comfortable, and a meteor shower occurred later that night. @PERSON3 started the conversation with her favorite catchphrase, "How's life @CAPS1 guys?" We're all @CAPS16 because if @CAPS8 @CAPS10 were around @PERSON3 for more than an hour @CAPS8 would be here to say @CAPS2 Second-rate. "@CAPS3 like it was five minutes ago," I replied. "@CAPS4 guys, my life has completely changed," @PERSON1 quipped. "@CAPS5 really?" @LOCATION1 asked, crouching in her sleeping bag, "@CAPS6 has @CAPS8's personality flip, @CAPS11 @CAPS8' @CAPS20 is now blonde and silly?" "@CAPS7." @PERSON1 sarcastic said, rolling his eyes, a very @ORGANIZATION1 gesture. We @CAPS16 are in the ridiculous mental picture of "brain" stupidity. "@CAPS8 guys wanna play @CAPS8?" @ORGANIZATION2 chimed in. I thought she was asleep by now. All I could see was her red hair covering her face. "@CAPS9!" @PERSON2 shouted, "I can't help but fill my head with horrible mental images!" She buried her face in the pillow, trying to block the images. "@CAPS10 @CAPS8 sure? I have some new ones." @PERSON1 said in her most vicious voice, "@CAPS11 would rather @CAPS8 had to..." "@CAPS9!" we all shouted and laughed together And to. "@CAPS13 or @CAPS14?" @PERSON3 suggested. @ORGANIZATION2's pillow makes an incomprehensible noise. "Did @CAPS6 have anything to say about @CAPS8?" I asked. She raised her sleepy face. "I'm too lazy @CAPS23 I'm @CAPS23 not playing unless @CAPS14 is the first to fall asleep!" She put her head back on the pillow. "I agree," added @LOCATION1, "I'm too lazy @CAPS23." "@LOCATION1 @CAPS8 takes four hours to get off this porch because @CAPS8' @CAPS20 so @CAPS21." @CAPS16 @PERSON1. "@PERSON1 I' @CAPS23 not @CAPS21. I' @CAPS23 @CAPS17!" "@CAPS5 accepts it @LOCATION1, @CAPS8' @CAPS20 @CAPS21!" "@CAPS9 @PERSON1 I' @CAPS23 @CAPS17!" We Continue @CAPS11, joking back and forth until people start falling asleep slowly, drifting in the cool @TIME1 air. I was the last awake and had an epiphany as I watched the meteor shower. My life is great now. This is @DATE1, @CAPS9 school, @CAPS9 stress. I'm lying on the porch watching the meteor shower, listening to @TIME1 and feeling so safe, I have five best friends. We joke with each other with @CAPS16, but this is the first step to getting along with people, and @CAPS8 can tell them everything. Laughing with someone breaks the ice and it brings us closer together. Lying there, I suddenly realized that because of all our jokes, I felt so comfortable with these girls and could tell them almost everything I wanted to tell them. I've never felt like @CAPS11 before. I can do anything because there are five people who support me to accomplish anything. I smiled to myself and when I closed my eyes I imagined all the laughter I enjoyed with these friends.
One day, the day before my brother's @DATE1 party to be exact. We're setting up the party stuff, cleaning the house and the apartment because that's where the boys go out to sleep. My cousin @PERSON4 and I are helping moms and boys who are already here @PERSON5, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. Of course @PERSON6 is already here because he's the @DATE1 boy. The boys were supposed to be cleaning the apartment, but their boys and all they thought were girls and video games. They play video games instead of cleaning, and mom gets mad. Luckily for them, mom is in a good mood otherwise they'd get @CAPS7. Now the last boy appeared. The last two boys to show up, their names are @PERSON2 and @PERSON3, @PERSON1 will show up after noon tomorrow. @PERSON6 is super excited that he's turning @NUM1 and he said "I'm @NUM1 now and no one can tell me what to do" and I laughed and said "@PERSON6 go make me a sandwich" he said "@CAPS3" I said "so much that no one can tell me what to do" and everyone laughed at him. He gave me sandwiches and all the boys went to the apartment to clean @CAPS7, but when I went in, they set up @PERSON5's x-box @NUM3 and was playing @CAPS7. I told them to clean up but they decided not to listen so I went to my mom and they definitely listened to her. She took @CAPS7 and put @CAPS7 on the kitchen table. They are not happy. They finally cleaned the apartment and got the x-bow back. @TIME1 All of us are watching movies and playing extensive games and then mom tells @PERSON4 and I to clean the room, maybe an hour later she walks by and says "bedtime" and the boy goes to the apartment. The next mourning. Next time mourning @PERSON4, I wake up with the sun on our eyes and I say "it's great to start the day" and @PERSON4 says "I know". The best part of today is that we can hang out with the boys. When @PERSON4 and I entered the living room, everyone was in the kitchen, some in the living room. @TIME1 @TIME1 The boy thinks @CAPS7 would be fun if they played cops and rubber. An apartment is a prison. @PERSON2, @CAPS2, @PERSON6 are cops, @PERSON5 and @CAPS1 are rubber. @PERSON4 and I wanted to play, so we went outside and met @PERSON5 on the otter side of the apartment, he was the only one who knew we were outside. When I ran to hide behind a tree, I fell in the hole that closed the apartment water, my legs looked like cheese, @CAPS7 was spewing blood, you can see my bones. I had to stop playing for @TIME1. Mom told @PERSON4 to go to bed with me. The next mourning mom woke us up and asked if we wanted eggs and bacon and we said yes. I got out of bed because I needed to go to the bathroom, so @PERSON4 helped me upstairs, when we came down, @PERSON5 saw that I was hurt, he was an amazing boyfriend, he picked me up and brought me here On the sofa in the living room, let me sit on the sofa, kiss the top of my head, say "good night, beautiful", I say "hello baby". Now everyone is standing and waiting for their food to finish. In case you were wondering, the boy was making pizza. Then my little sister @CAPS6 came into the kitchen and said "mom, I want a cookie" and mom said "ok, here's you baby". @CAPS6 ran out with a big smile. The boy now got the pizza and they went back to the apartment. @PERSON4 I looked at my mom and said "wow" mom like I know. We all laughed and started talking about the boy and friends, family, animals. @CAPS7 was a really fun weekend and even though I was injured we still got the most out of @CAPS7. Despite being injured and unable to do anything for the next 2 months or so, we still get along so well, @PERSON6 said "@CAPS7 is by far his favorite @DATE1. @CAPS6 wants her friends to come over, but She had a lot of fun with mom and @PERSON4 when the boy came in with me. Sometimes you have to work with what you have, @CAPS7 can be a lot more fun than your normal plan. Just make sure you treat the people around you Satisfied.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @PERSON1 is what I need to survive this crazy life. So instead of writing about an experience with laughter as a key element, I'm going to write a montage of real events where laughter shows who I am. I guess I should start with my blonde moment first, which seems to be my natural hair color. When I was little, I would take off my shirt and throw it on the ground and be like "Mom, I can't find my shirt" @CAPS6 would tell me, "@PERSON1 @CAPS21 just throw it in On the ground", I would look in all the wrong places and lead to crying on the floor. @CAPS6 will pick up my shirt from the floor and hand it to me, and I'll do the same again. Yeah @CAPS21 can say I was a little embarrassed when I grew up and they put it on the camera, but that's why I love @CAPS21 growing up and laughing at the embarrassment it was and @CAPS21 moving on. Another time we came up with my initials spelling @CAPS7 so whenever me and my brother and our friends went swimming and they started singing the @CAPS8 theme song I started laughing because if I made them think I was Don't care if they end up @CAPS4. Guess what, they still haven't stopped and I'm starting to think that the rest of my @MONTH1's life will be haunted by the nickname @CAPS8. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 kept rolling my bros in my 1st grade, @CAPS5 way was in 2nd grade, decided to tell my 1st grade teacher that I had @CAPS10, @CAPS6 called my parents and they started going crazy Laugh and tell her yes, @CAPS6 did a little thing called @CAPS12 @CAPS13 @CAPS14. It's funny looking back because I remember the look on @PERSON2's face; @CAPS21 can say it was a classic. When I entered @CAPS15 @CAPS16 in @CAPS16, I joined an organization; @CAPS17 @CAPS18 @CAPS19 @CAPS20 I later learned that black is forbidden in any and all @CAPS19 features. Well, the night I started, I wore black from hair accessories to shoes. I don't feel embarrassed, just want to laugh. I found out later that whenever I was nervous during a presentation, I liked to joke or make funny comments, so when I had to get up and give a speech in front of about a hundred and twenty people, I rarely tried to joke and comment, Did I mention I wasn't very @CAPS1 when I was joking, but the ceremony went on and people continued to laugh with me even when my head hit the dream catcher. @CAPS19 taught me that I can cry about the frustrating things in my life, be afraid of the things that are scary can @CAPS21, can love whoever @CAPS21 wants, can live my own life but most importantly can laugh in yours Mistake. I think it's one thing I'll always remember and pass on to my kids as I settle down with my family, it won't be a while I've learned this while caring for my sick little cousin Class, that's a lot of responsibility, this is what my brother helped @CAPS1 because without him I'd be pretty much lost. I know because of the people who surround me with positivity and gold, they make me a better person, laugh when there seems to be no way out, not only learn from your mistakes, but laugh at them as well, To show that @CAPS21 has a deeper meaning for your lifestyle. Remember, @CAPS21 and your friends can get @CAPS1 laughs every now and then when the Hand of Life @CAPS21 Lemon takes the chance to make some sweet lemonade and toss it on herself. Thanks @CAPS21.
Twins For a @CAPS1 Laughter is a big part of me. I am a very happy, outgoing person and I love to laugh. I especially laughs that make your stomach feel like it's about to fall out of your body and keep laughing on the floor. That's @CAPS23, I'm surrounded by people just like me, that's my best friend @PERSON1, and I'm like two peas in a pod. People always tell us we look like twins, and @CAPS24 is like a storm of laughter when we're together. I think the best part of our friendship is that we are similar and we use @CAPS24 to our advantage. A @CAPS1 @PERSON1 and I are walking downtown. We were just shopping and when we passed a clothing store there was a display of a russet tank top with blue swirls extending up from the bottom and a pair of dark blue jeans with a rip at the knee. @PERSON1 and I fell in love with this outfit and an idea hit me as we stood outside the window drooling like greedy dogs over a piece of freshly cut meat. When I turn to @PERSON1 and say "@PERSON2? (Her nickname) @CAPS2 If I were you, would you be me when we meet @CAPS3 later @CAPS14?". She turned to look at me, her eyes lit up like @CAPS24 is @CAPS4. We ran into the store and bought clothes. We look in the mirror and we all know we can escape this betrayal. The pants fit our curves like a glove, and the vest fits our body in the same pattern. The only difference is that she's a bit taller than me and my hair is longer than hers, but we don't think it's too bad to show a little neck, @CAPS7 we just tie our hair into a bun and call @CAPS24 good. When we left the store someone asked if we were sisters and we both responded "@CAPS5, kinda" @CAPS24 assured that if we can fool them, then we can fool anyone. We walked comfortably towards the county library lawn to meet @CAPS3. As we approached the library lawn, @PERSON1 turned to me and said, "Hide behind this tree, tell me to go back, and sneak back in to scare him!" @CAPS7 I hid behind a tree and she went up and called Greetings, he asked where I was, she said "I don't know" while she was digging in her bag, "but I think I dropped something under there, I'll be right back, don't move." "@CAPS8" he replied. I've been sneaking around the back of the garden, jumping off the embankment and saying "@CAPS9 I am!" He gaped at a car parked not far down the road, he jumped a little and I said "@CAPS10 I scare you Is it?" He replied in a schoolboy voice: "@CAPS5, of course not! Men are not afraid." I just rolled my eyes and said to him: "I have something for you, but you have to close your eyes". He was worried at first but he did because I @NUM1 managed to sneak behind him and he turned around when she patted him on the shoulder but he gave me a confused look like he did. When they were face to face, @PERSON1 yelled "@CAPS9 @CAPS13 @CAPS14!" @CAPS3 nearly jumped to the moon. @PERSON1 and I were laughing at @CAPS7 and we nearly peed our brand new pants. @CAPS3 shook his head in confusion between @PERSON1 and me and said "@CAPS16 this is funny" and we continued laughing like a clown, @CAPS3 even giggled a little. He told us "@CAPS18 you two will never do this again!" I said "@CAPS19! We're basically sisters @CAPS7 @CAPS23 not playing roles?" He just glared at me disgruntled, @PERSON1 flipped Rolled his eyes and said, "@CAPS2? Is that man scared?". We had a fight again and @CAPS3 just laughed because he knew we were playing. @CAPS24 was a blast after that and @PERSON1 and I continued to torment the town like twins. We ran around the car and the store, had a lot of fun, and were absolute idiots. We even made @CAPS3 laugh to cover his stomach. When @CAPS24 to @CAPS14 we ventured to the parking lot where @PERSON1's mom was going to pick us up, she patted us three times when she saw us, and when we got in the car she just laughed at us and asked "@CAPS23 you two Two wearing the same @NUM2? I just looked at each other and laughed and we replied "@CAPS24 is a long story". @CAPS24 is the perfect ending to my best friend @CAPS1.
Somewhere along the way, a man once said "one smile a day keeps the doctor away". @CAPS1 what the hell is he talking about? I don't know or understand its importance either. Until I found out with my own eyes how important these words were and how true that unknown genius was. Just a few years ago, the most painful thing happened to me. Do you remember the first girl or guy you thought you loved? If you can, do you remember that heartbreak and distraught feeling? Well, if you can, then you might understand how I feel...sometimes it does. If not, you @MONTH1 learned something important and you might realize why you're single. Before that particular event, when @CAPS2 and I ended up fighting, we ended up joking about it to get through it. We sometimes go to romantic movies on purpose to laugh at how the girls or boys in the movie break down and cry. Among those sobbing cries, just nasty cries. The kind that annoys you more than makes you feel sympathetic. Going back to the late and critical point in all of this, when the horrific situation happened, @CAPS2 was with me for years, two and a half years to be specific. Yes, I have known for a long time. The day it ended happened to be in the middle of a math class (can you believe it? In the middle of a damn class!) @CAPS4 convinced me to sit with her in the corner of the room. Just us, no interruptions. We do this every day, so it's nothing unusual to me. I was thinking "Yes! I can work with my amazing girlfriend!" I was such an idiot. I do remember looking at her before sitting down. @CAPS4 is wearing white bleached jeans and a black striped tee. @CAPS4 Porcelain dolls would be jealous with fair and flawless skin. Best of all, dirty blonde hair, rose petal lips, trust me on this endless curve. I dress similarly. I'm wearing my @PERSON1 tee, black jeans, and my signature burgundy beanie. I have natural tan glowing skin and dark brown curly hair that hides my dark green eyes. I'm not sure @CAPS1 when I sit down, but I feel like something bad is going to happen. It's almost like an impending thunderstorm or the paranoid feeling of being watched. The scariest words fell out of her mouth like water from a faucet. "We have to break up" My heart clenched in my chest, her other words blurring into one and becoming inaudible. I was motionless, completely silent like a gargoyle. I couldn't help but laugh at myself silently in my head. I never looked back. I don't trust my voice to be stable and unwavering enough. Even if my words don't...my body does. I couldn't control the shaking of my body as if it was going through a big muscle spasm. I quietly and quickly walked out of the room, making sure to have my bag in hand. I don't want a reason to have to come back. The hallway and the tiles, and finally the grass, and the downpour, blurred into one. I just kept walking around without any wear and tear. Until I finally got tired and stopped. Tears ran down my cheeks to my chin, and my eyes were red and bloodshot. For me, the most wonderful thing in the world has come to an end. When I look back on @CAPS2 and my relationship, laughter is how we survived and went through a lot. However this is not enough. No amount of trying to laugh it off will help, like all those petty arguments we have. I sometimes look back at my reaction, which in itself makes me laugh. I'm no better than those people in those movies. Unlike them, however, I didn't cry and yell annoyingly.
We started walking to the park side by side with my best friend @PERSON1. The rain on @DATE1 @TIME1 was not very pretty or warm, but the fun of watching lost and hopeless at this particular park in @LOCATION1 was more than enough for us. Approaching the grass to the bench, the mud took over my shoes as I started thinking about this fun other way. Sitting on a wet deciduous bench, we noticed a man and his child approaching us. Although the man looks odd, we get excited quickly because what he says to us likely matches his appearance. The guy looked in his thirties, and the leggings covered him with what appeared to be sharp writing. A knitted scarf and a matching little hat gave him a fiery, homely vibe. Beside him, a stroller carried two small children, one at hand, the other lounging in a storage bag below. The father we found out later, pretending his @NUM1 year old daughter was whispering in his ear, yelling "@CAPS1 is like this" or something? ! Implying that he didn't hear her, even though we know she didn't say anything. "@CAPS2 wants me to ask girls if they want raisins, that's what @CAPS2 wants"? Strangely, when he looked away a few times, we saw raisins between the cracks in the bench. @PERSON1 Then I looked at each other when he started ranting about how beautiful and striking her eyes were. The laughter came out of our eyes with such a great redemptive pressure that it wanted to burst out of both of us. The man then took out his phone and played a video of the country singer comparing their faces. A few minutes into the video, I look away because the phone is now in @LOCATION2's hands. I felt she was pushing me away from her, even if it was just with my eyes, and didn't continue to suffer for this ridiculous video. Looking up, I saw my father staring at her, as if waiting for some kind of reaction. Going back to @PERSON1, I noticed how uncomfortable all of us, including his kids, felt, and he didn't even know it. During the entire interaction, between silent laughter and uncontrollable glances, I only said @NUM1 words. My stubborn friend also hated being rude, and then she handed over the phone with a smile and red cheeks. "@CAPS2 really looks like her @CAPS2 knows"? All these questions he posed to us had no answers, only laughter in our hearts. The seething silence between us is rising, and next we can barely handle it. The man came up with a script and then asked to see our acting skills and wanted to guide us at some point. Once he spilled those beans on us, we rushed straight to her house while pouring out the copious amount of laughter we were smothered in, affecting our ability to speak. Running in one breath that I could finally talk, it made me blurt out, I could barely understand the reality of his request. Just another day at @LOCATION1, we think, but for us, every day can be laughable.
Have you ever been detained for laughing in class? If you don't, you're lucky. I know teachers absolutely hate students who don't pay attention in class, or who randomly laugh during lectures. I'm the type of student who will laugh (preferably my own) at random in class. In other words, I was the teacher's worst nightmare. Ring... ring... ring, time for @CAPS1. It was a wonderful afternoon and I felt great! As I walked into the classroom, I unconsciously noticed that our teacher was not his lucky self. But I ignored it and continued with what I usually do, which is to take out my @CAPS2 and crank up the tune. I love listening to music because it relaxes me and helps me focus more. The downside of listening to music is that you can't fully hear all the great sounds. When I listen to music, I feel like I'm in a movie, everything seems to be in slow motion, but you can't hear anything. It was almost like I was isolated in my own little world and no one could see or hear me until I started laughing. The class finally started and everyone was unusually loud, at which point I started to see steam coming out of our teacher's ears. He looks like a cartoon character taking off the bug bunny. The teacher became very angry and impatient in class. I wasn't paying full attention to him, so I went back and listened to my music. After a while, our teacher started getting more crazy about the class, so he told everyone whoever spoke again would write their name on the blackboard and you would be detained. About five minutes later, my friend @PERSON1 walked past me and started talking to me. When I listen to music, I tend to speak louder because I feel like they can't even hear me. So I started yelling and she started giggling because when I wasn't looking my teacher just stared at me and wondered why I was talking so loudly. He turned around and wrote my name on the blackboard (which meant I was warned). I turned to look at the teacher, oh no, here it goes, @NUM1 I laughed out loud, I couldn't help myself. When I laugh uncontrollably, I laugh like there is no tomorrow. "@CAPS3! You owe me thirty minutes of detention!" my teacher said. One of the biggest problems I have is that I am easily amused, I mostly laugh at everything. When the teacher scolded me, his expression was so funny that I laughed even harder. When I start laughing, my friend @PERSON1 usually can't help but start laughing with me. She told the teacher that she was the one who made me laugh, so she thought she should be detained too. So she got what she wanted, detention! A week later, @PERSON1 and I were imprisoned along with all the other "rebels" (that's what I call myself now), and it was hard on me. What we've learned is that we should never sit next to each other. We couldn't stop laughing when we sat together, but we decided to sit together anyway. You know, we were almost detained while we were in custody, imagine it. "Life at @CAPS4 is stressful and regretful, so laugh it off!" is a motto I live by every day. I think laughter is a very important part of my @CAPS4 and it really helps me forget things that bother me. As much as I @MONTH1 got stuck laughing, I don't regret it at all. Some people are very serious and don't know how to let go, so they are always nervous. Laughter releases tension, and for me, I think it brings me closer to my friends. I love laughing with my friends, it's awesome how your abs hurt from laughing! Live your life, laugh as much as you can, and love those who mean the most to you.
How laughter @CAPS1 Laughter can be a huge help when going through difficult times. Like when my brother was run over by a skid steer (track loader) on our farm. In times of uncertainty, we don't know how bad @CAPS2 will be, and our family will be there for us to help us through and not let us down. It's just another day on the farm and we're out running the machines. Life was going well until after dinner my mom told me and my brother to go out and cut corn. "@CAPS2 Mom" my brother and I said in unison. She didn't listen and told us to leave quickly. So we went to the store and got the skid steerer out. My brother @PERSON1 hadn't come down yet, so I started it up and started driving towards the garden. I saw my brother out of the corner of my eye. He ran as fast as he could, I yelled at him to stop and wait for @CAPS2, he kept coming. He tried to jump on the fork @CAPS2 missed and fell. I got out of the taxi and saw him lying on the ground crying. My uncle was standing nearby when it happened and he called an ambulance. We don't know what's wrong with him @CAPS2 His legs look kind of funny, so we took a closer look and saw bones sticking out of his legs. Finally, when the ambulance came, they gave him a look and asked me some questions about what happened. I told them all I could do and went back to the house. It's nerve-wracking not knowing what's going to happen to his leg @CAPS2, we just hope it's not serious. I stayed overnight at my grandparents' house. But I had a hard time sleeping that night. The next morning was @DATE1 so I had to go to school. I still don't know much about @CAPS2, I do know my brother's leg was broken from a compound fracture. Throughout the school day, my friends have been helping me feel better and keep me safe from accidents by telling jokes and funny things. It's hard not to know what happened to him. Later that night, we went to see him. We learn he just broke a large bone in his leg and is recovering well. My mom has been with him during his hospital stay, so things are a little different around the house. Me, my dad and sisters had to clean and take care of the house. It's a pain because I hate doing chores and it's boring to have to do it all the time. When my mom and brother finally returned about a week later, everything was back to normal. My brother had to make something on his leg to suck the fluid out of the wound to help it heal faster. His leg has a huge screw attached to a rod on the outside of his leg. He has healed, though, and has a huge scar where the bone went through his leg. It's nice to have family and friends out there to cheer us up and help us through this difficult time. That's why lol @CAPS1.
We all know the benefits of laughter. Laughter can express emotion, but it can also strengthen a friendship or relationship from a distance. For many people, laughter is a very important part of any relationship. First, laughter is very important in friendship. If you can't have a fun and happy friendship, then you won't have a good friendship. Building friendships is always difficult at times. Determining your friendship may require a good laugh, not no laugh at all. Building a friendship with someone is one of the best feelings. It's a great feeling to know that you have someone you can trust, talk to, be by your side, and most importantly, laugh. Also, laughter is important in every childhood memory. Thinking back to my childhood, I was always smiling. Even though my parents left me and my brothers, I still had my grandparents, brothers, cousins, and even aunts and uncles to keep me busy and always having fun. I think laughter is an important thing for kids because it's healthy and you can learn to lift others' spirits and keep others laughing and happy. It's always good to have strong, fun, happy relationships with your family. Finally, laughter is very important in a relationship. I think it will build character in your relationship and show everyone that you are happy with the people you are with. Laughter will also build good and strong healthy relationships and lead to good things. If you think about it, laughter is probably the most important thing in a relationship because when you decide to marry your guy, you won't get divorced and fight, and your relationship will be strong. So, therefore, after pointing out that laughter is important no matter what age, gender, friendship, childhood or relationship, you should understand my point that laughter is important no matter the situation. It helps build a strong person and also builds your own character.
Have you ever been in an embarrassing situation and used laughter to ease your mood? I have it, and so do many people. I find that laughter makes people more comfortable and it makes them their own person. The laughter of @MONTH1 can even help some people attract a positive, friendly crowd who like funny, happy people. Laughter @MONTH1 It's not like that for everyone, but here are a few that helped me. 1 year ago I was in a home student group in @LOCATION and didn't know anyone there. After walking for a while, the girl spoke to me. She was funny and made me more comfortable being able to laugh and I had a lot of fun. I just need to find the right person. Another time laughter might help was when I was invited to a birthday party for a friend I hadn't seen in over two years. There were a few more people there that I hadn't seen in a long time. The whole visit was awkward and all I wanted to do was blend in. I act like everyone else, but if I'm more comfortable laughing, I'll be my own person. When I first came to public school, I was nervous about meeting new people and what kind of people I would meet. About a week later, people saw my character, the funny, happy, funny person inside me, and it got a lot of people raving about it. That's why my current friend and I became friends because we have similar personalities. Laughter takes me to a good place in my life. Laughter can make many people feel happy and comfortable in awkward situations. It can encourage people to show their individuality and attract people like themselves. I think the world would be happier if everyone could laugh.
@CAPS1 up kids My mom said she was busy packing up and getting ready. I knew exactly what I was doing wrong, I didn't set an alarm on my phone at six in the morning. I set it for 6pm and now we're late. Thinking about myself, I hurriedly packed my clothes for the week. Six pairs of pants, six pairs of shirts, six pairs of underwear and six pairs of socks. I put the bag next to the front door and realized it was right next to another bag I had packed the day before. My sisters are worse because they forever accept girls with makeup and hair straightening. Finally everyone was packed but it's 7am and we should be at @LOCATION2 by now but still sitting at our house. Since my sisters are done now and we are in the car, we can finally get off to @LOCATION3. Our family has been planning @CAPS2 for a month and it's @DATE2! I really want to go. By @CAPS2, I had butterflies in my stomach. We live in @LOCATION1, we're only half way through @LOCATION2, and 8/10th of the way to my mom's cousin's house. I felt sleepy for the first two hours of the ride and I can't sleep anymore. I was stuck in the back seat with nothing to do. So I started singing that never ending song. @CAPS2 is a song that never ends, it's always on my friends. "@CAPS3 my sister in the front seat yelled at me very sternly to shut up. I didn't stop, she told me to stop again I annoyed my sister for the third time, she punched me in the arm On. I laughed for some reason. It didn't hurt, I thought it was funny she just sang a stupid song and hit me. I laughed so weird so my sister started laughing because I was laughing and then my sister Screaming very sternly for me and my sister to be quiet. My sister punched me again, trying to stop me laughing. By now I was laughing so hard that my face turned purple. Mum couldn't stop laughing and it was so funny with me and my sister. My mom was wearing dentures and she was driving so hard she almost fell out of her mouth and we started laughing Much more. My stomach feels like it's going to explode with all the laughter. My sister is now so dark blue from yelling at us that she shut us up. She raised her arms in the air, one last time Screaming shut up and went back to his seat with a very nasty look on his face. For the next minute we all stopped laughing and the next hour was quiet @CAPS3 we stopped Ate. We had lunch and hit the road as we had a long way to go. I got tired quickly and fell asleep in the most awkward position in the car. I leaned my head against the door and put my arms In the front passenger seat, one leg is on the seat and the other is between the driver and passenger seats. I think I'm lucky to fall asleep most of the time because we're only about an hour and a half now before we Arrived at my mom's cousin's house. We are in the Midwest @LOCATION3 and the mountains are beautiful. They are full of color and life, huge trees swaying in the wind, squirrels moving between trees, nuts growing in the ground. This is me The furthest place I've ever lived in @LOCATION1. I'm so happy to be with my family. My stay at @LOCATION3 is vague. I can barely remember most of what happened there. I was with a neighbor kid about my age Playing video games together and eating unhealthy junk food. My mom had the happiest weekend of us all leaving @LOCATION1. She hadn't seen her cousin in about 3 years and it was great to see her. It's @DATE1, Time to get back to our normal life so we packed up and got ready to go home. I did a great job of not talking for the first minute or so and making my sister pissed off. @CAPS3 I'm back to singing the never ending song .I've never laughed so hard in my life."
My immediate family is notoriously clumsy and easily startled. Broken dishes are the norm in our house; so are spilled drinks, toes and creepy screams whenever the toaster pops up. While all of us are used to these types of things, not everyone around us is, which can lead to interesting encounters. Many people like to poke me in the side, hear me scream, and laugh when I trip over the slightest crack in the floor. While annoying at times, it @MONTH1 also relieves any tension my @MONTH1 has about the social environment by giving me a reason to get over my pride and laugh at myself. For example, a few years ago I was at @LOCATION1 with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 troops. Any situation involving a large group of people can be intimidating, but when the group consists of girls between the ages of 4 and 18 and only a few adults are involved to make sure the girls don't beat each other to death, it becomes increasingly terrifying . To make matters worse, where I lived was a mix between a cabin and a tent, most of the girls were in middle school, and needless to say, we didn't always get along. Even though we're not the best of friends, sometimes we're able to overcome subtle differences like who's cool and who's not, and enjoy the time we have to talk and joke around with people in similar positions in our lives. At one point I was trying to make a bed on top and was putting sheets on a petrochemical mattress that @MONTH1 may have in @NUM1 @CAPS3.C. As a smart person, I decided to balance against the wall behind me, forgetting of course that there was actually no wall, just a thin layer of cloth-like material that couldn't support my weight. The moment I realized what I had done, I frantically reached for something to grab, but tried in vain to stop myself from falling backwards to the floor and avoid my death. In the milliseconds before I hit the hardwood floor, I managed to grab an iron bar by the bed and hold on to it, swinging back and forth. Finally, I let go and push myself almost gracefully onto the bed sitting below me. After a long time, the laughter gradually subsided. In that short time, factions, prejudices, and grudges were forgotten, and we were no longer just a bunch of girls randomly placed in a room, but a group with their own strengths and weaknesses; passions and flaws. While adolescence can be tough and many times feel like the loneliest person in the world, it's always comforting to know that there are others who laugh and cry just like you and experience many of the same joys. As embarrassing as you are. One of the most basic skills to learn is that you have to be able to laugh at yourself from time to time and make yourself vulnerable in front of others. We @MONTH1 are not all the same, but we all share the same basic desires for love, acceptance and laughter.
While living at @LOCATION5, I met two people who are now my best friends, @PERSON1 @CAPS14 @CAPS1 @PERSON6. I met both of them in completely different ways. @PERSON1 threw the school, @CAPS14 @CAPS1 threw the paintball. I met @PERSON1 when she moved from @LOCATION3 @LOCATION1. Her dad is at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS14 was moved to a base close to where I live. We had two @CAPS14 lunches together. At first her @CAPS14 I didn't say much. Until a friend of mine @PERSON3 brought her over for lunch with us. Our friend @PERSON4 got too excited that day @CAPS14 ended up collapsing in his chair @CAPS14 freaking out some of the girls passing by. We laughed so hard that our faces were all red. We have class together after lunch, so we take a walk @CAPS14 to talk about lunch. Then I asked her to sit with me during @CAPS3. We can't stop talking to save our lives. Luckily, it's a free sketching day, and if it wasn't, we might be in for some trouble. @PERSON1 @CAPS14 After about a week, I found that we had so much in common that it almost seemed unreal. I have never met a girl who can make me laugh so much and I really enjoy hanging out with me every day. She would make faces @CAPS14 tell me stories from her past and it would make me laugh out loud. We chat online almost every other day, @CAPS14 Even though she's @NUM1 miles away, she can still make my stomach hurt from all the laughter. As for @CAPS1, he grew up in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION5 and later moved to @LOCATION4. We met when my dad, brother @CAPS14 and I were playing paint at a place called "@CAPS5". It's been a slow day. Not as many people on site as usual, @CAPS6 some people don't have enough tables. We offered to share ours with two people I found, friends of @CAPS7, @CAPS8 @CAPS14 @CAPS9. Later in the day, a few other friends from @CAPS1 @CAPS14 @PERSON5 @CAPS14 @PERSON2 arrived. The game got more interesting, but still no one was able to shoot me until the referee called the time. I was starting to get annoyed at the lack of experienced players, and finally I felt the two sharp paints of @CAPS14 hear a snap. I slapped the leg, the mask, the @CAPS14 trigger finger. After the game, I found the guy who let me out. That person is @CAPS1. I ran to him @CAPS14 saying "@CAPS12 @CAPS13". He laughed @CAPS14 saying "that's not luck, I chose to let you out". I asked "Then why didn't you let me out earlier? Huh? You know that's totally @CAPS12 @CAPS13". He replied "I'm just taking it easy on you, I don't want you to feel bad". By then, I had a smile on my face @CAPS14 and a giggling "of course, that's why" in my voice. We continue to make jokes about the game, @CAPS14 who played that day. When it was time for me to leave, he wrote his email on a small torn cardboard, @CAPS14 kept me in touch. As soon as I got home I sent an email saying "I still think it's @CAPS12 @CAPS13". From that day on, we became best friends. In almost every conversation we have, @CAPS8 mentions @CAPS12 @CAPS13, @CAPS14 and it makes us laugh every time. Although I don't see my best friend every day, we still make each other laugh from a distance. It's just that now I can spread the laughter to new friends, @CAPS14 hopefully I can make more friends like the two I've found.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 started when I first met my cousin @ORGANIZATION1 years ago. The first time I stayed overnight at his house, the day before we spent all day running around outside his yard and jumping off their roof. @CAPS3 is super fun and interesting, but no matter what we do @ORGANIZATION1 has something to say about every little thing we do or see. "This looks like that!", or "She sounds like this!" @CAPS4 I couldn't help laughing at the tone of his voice and his unique @CAPS3 way of shouting. @CAPS3 is unbearable, @CAPS3 made me laugh so hard that for so long my stomach would start to hurt, and @ORGANIZATION1 himself would start laughing as he watched me slowly crumble from uncontrollable laughter. @CAPS3 didn't stop there, we stayed up almost all night watching @CAPS1 videos on @CAPS6 and @CAPS7 on @NUM1 later that night. The laughter was louder because we were all getting very tired and our minds were thinking and we kept laughing until I collapsed with my stomach covered. Every word that came out of my cousin's invincible mouth made me laugh like I was hearing the funniest joke for the first time. The next morning, I had a massive muscle pain in my chest, the hallmark of a fun and humorous night. Even so, @ORGANIZATION1 has a way to turn my stomach ache into a @CAPS1 theme. We had breakfast the next morning and @CAPS3 was just as fun as the night before. Hear nonstop commentary and jokes about every idea, every topic, and every possible idea. This day continues the eternal laughter between @CAPS4 cousin and me. Later, when I left, I said to myself how much fun I would have the next time I came to visit. Since then @ORGANIZATION1 and I have become best friends and times have gotten better and more fun. Life is incomplete without laughter.
It's pretty much a @CAPS1 day and my sister, my mom and I are all in the kitchen making dessert and a bunch of food for the @CAPS1 eve dinner. My mom had to leave to go to the store to buy more ingredients. Once my mom left my sister, I was still busy working in the kitchen. I'm doing one thing, she's doing another. In the end, she finished making the cookies and decided to help me make Lemon Blossoms (Little Lemon Glazed Cake). The directions call for a quarter cup of lemon juice. @CAPS4 I told my sister to get lemon juice out of lemons. At this point in time I was making little cakes and my sister yelled at me and asked "Am I just squeezing @CAPS3?" I think she cut @CAPS3 and said yes. Well, I was wrong and my sister yelled at me again, "@CAPS3 doesn't work." @CAPS4 I turned to find she was squeezing an uncut lemon trying to get the juice out of @CAPS3. I just watched her tell her she needed to cut @CAPS3 and started laughing. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard. When I was crying on the floor because I was laughing so hard @CAPS4 my mom walked into the kitchen with a bag full of groceries and the first thing she said was "@CAPS5 did it @CAPS6 did it ." @CAPS7 If you can believe @CAPS3 I'm starting to laugh harder. To this day, my sister is still called Lemon. This is because my family and I thought @CAPS3 was fun and all of our family and friends should know about this little experience my sister had with lemons. From this experience, I learned that laughter is important in many ways in @CAPS4, @CAPS3 can bring friends and family closer, and @CAPS3 can make any relationship stronger. This experience ended up bringing my sister and I closer in so many ways, and now we always laugh together and I'd rather laugh than fight with her. My sister and I have become a little bit closer to @CAPS4 since this happened because we can tell each other anything. I think everyone should laugh because you may not know that laughing at the stupidest things can make any relationship better and bring two people closer. @CAPS4 Enjoy life and laugh as much as you can because you never know when a laugh can help you befriend someone or bring you and someone closer than ever.
After a long day at @ORGANIZATION1, Mom said it was my turn to decide where we were going to eat that night. I choose @CAPS1 @CAPS2 because I love their seafood. We had @CAPS6 Legs, Popcorn Shrimp and Coconut Shrimp. After the meal we got two slices of double chocolate lava cake. For some reason, it made us laugh. We laughed so hard we started to cry. We just finished shopping at @ORGANIZATION1 and mom said I can choose where we go out to eat. My brother started complaining about it, but mom said it was fair because he had to choose last time. I chose @CAPS1 @CAPS2 which my brother said he would choose no matter what. I chose that restaurant for two reasons, first because it's close to @ORGANIZATION1 and second because I love seafood. Mom didn't have a lot of money so she said we should share something instead of letting everyone have their own. We bought two pounds of @CAPS5 @CAPS6 legs and ordered popcorn shrimp and coconut shrimp (mostly for her own). I'm glad we all shared because it was cheaper and the food was just the right amount so we didn't have to take home boxes. We never eat leftovers anyway. After dinner, my brother and I begged Mom to buy some dessert. After much deliberation and persuasion, she said okay and ordered two of the best cakes I've ever had in my life! It was so rich that my mom and I could finish our slices with barley. The older brother swallowed it easily. When we were done, the waiter came over and replaced our plates with labels. We all took one look and decided to stop eating dessert (which never actually happened). Then mom got the bad laugh example. Before long, my brother and I giggled like we were sick. The giggles turned into laughter, and the laughter became hysterical. We can't seem to figure out what is so interesting or how it happened. People started staring at us, but we still couldn't control ourselves. Soon, our eyes started to water, and then the tears flowed. Tears of joy I guess, but I definitely have something new and we have to get out of there. Mom managed to pay the bills, but as soon as she got in the car and coaxed me and my brother to laugh, she started breaking down again! She absolutely believed it was cake. She said there was no other plausible explanation for us laughing idly. Now I believe this statement because we have tried every other dessert and none of them had the same effect on us. We go back whenever we know we can afford dessert and want to have a good long laugh. I guess it's not just seafood that I like. I also like to eat cake. We call it a double chocolate laugh cake.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 in laughter friends and I, always finding ways to make each other laugh and have fun. @CAPS2 friends, @PERSON2 and @ORGANIZATION1 are very similar, but completely different. Both are lively, humorous girls. You could almost say they are sisters because their personalities are similar, but their looks are different. @PERSON2 is tall and thin with short curly black hair. Her clear skin was olive green. Her appearance made her seem to have a deep secret. Mystery hides behind her pale blue eyes. @CAPS2 Another friend @LOCATION1, her hair shines with sunshine. Each blond curl ends at her belly button. Freckles, lightly covering her fair skin, appeared only on her perky cheeks. Her eyes were like the deep blue ocean. You can only imagine swimming in such a stunning blue. A @DATE1 @TIME1, when the sun goes down @DATE2 @CAPS1, @CAPS2 girls and I decided to learn @PERSON1 @CAPS4 dance. After a night of practice, I gave up and lay on the fully cushioned couch, making every part of @CAPS2's body comfortable. Two hours passed and the girls understood. They have every leg step and every movement, just like @PERSON1. They were so good they could have been a backup dancer for @PERSON1. After a few moments of finishing, we realized how ridiculous the idea was and stopped. @ORGANIZATION1 has requested another dance, but recorded on camera. A few minutes after I pressed @PERSON2, I started playing music and hit the record button. The girls did a great job but started forgetting some steps. Out of nowhere, the two girls collided at full speed. There was silence all around except for the music. Each of us looked at each other and started to die laughing. @PERSON2 and @ORGANIZATION1, stand up and apologize to each other with laughter and tears. This all happened while I was recording. After settling in, we watched the best home video ever. Remembering funny moments like this makes me realize how grateful I am for @CAPS2 friends. It feels good to know that we can all be ourselves together. Without them, I don't know what laughter is.
Can you imagine life without laughter? Life without laughter is dull, boring, boring. Laughter is an important part of life. Without laughter, there is nothing to look forward to. Laughter creates memories, relationships, and fills the awkward silence between two people. Some people don't realize the importance of laughter. Life without laughter is like life without water. I think that's the importance of laughter. The famous saying "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". Yes, but laughter is not just an element. far more important than that. Well, I guess we can all live without laughter, but who would? No laughter means no fun, like swimming, water parks, skating, dancing, etc. Those funny things can bring laughter. No one is looking forward to tomorrow without anything interesting to do. Without laughter in the world, every day is a waste. Some people may just think that laughter is just one element. why is that? The importance of laughter goes beyond that. For example, water is an element because it is related to the earth. It represents the ocean. Laughter doesn't fall into this category. Laughter has such a huge impact on our lives. Laughter makes everything dozens of times better. Laughter creates memories, and memories create relationships. That's why laughter is an important part of any relationship. It's amazing how the smallest things can have such a big impact on our lives.
Laughter from @CAPS1. Laughter is an important part of most everyday life. It's a very common emotion that I see hundreds of times a day. Whether it's from a funny face, a joke, a photo, or even the little things people do or say, it can bring laughter to the most serious people. @CAPS4 friends and I have been laughing. We can make interesting things out of almost anything. I think being able to laugh and joke is a very good trait as a person because it makes life more fun and optimistic. I can't even count how many times I've laughed from ear to ear because of @CAPS4 friend @LOCATION1. She is by far one of the funniest people I've ever met in my life at @CAPS4. While she's super fun, she's not the brightest crayon in the box. She would ask questions after people had already told her the answers, she would say what I said after I had said it, not even noticing that I had said it in front of her, and sometimes she even drove someone over after practice She tripped on the concrete while in her car. The things she does at @MONTH1 are sometimes not very smart, but they sure can make anyone laugh. I remember not even a week ago I was on the way to volleyball practice with @LOCATION1 and she just said the wrong word in the song we were listening to. What's more interesting is that even though she knew the words were wrong, she continued to sing like she knew every word. At the end of the song, we laughed so hard, we cried. When we started practicing with her, I had been laughing for about ten minutes straight. During the exercise, our @CAPS3 has been explaining the direction of one of the exercises. She told us loudly and clearly to serve the ball to points 1 and 5 @CAPS2. @LOCATION1 didn't fully understand the directions, decided she should ask and make sure she was clear. So she raised her hand and asked, "@CAPS3, do we @CAPS2 serve points one and five?" The entire @CAPS4 team burst into hysterical laughter. The confused @LOCATION1 stood there with a confused look, but when she finally understood why we were all laughing, she joined in. This happened about 3 more times during our two and a half hours of practice. She was even in the front row, which made us all laugh because she was short and looked really funny next to the six-footer girl standing next to her. By the end of practice, I think we got a better workout from laughing than from playing volleyball. On our way into the car, @LOCATION1 decided to have a girl from our team race her car. @CAPS5 agreed, they took off in a dead sprint. You can see the determination to win in @LOCATION1's face, and suddenly they are nowhere to be found. I ran up the stairs to see who won, and @CAPS2 found @LOCATION1 face down on the ground, @CAPS5 sitting next to her laughing hysterically. I felt bad, but it was so funny I couldn't stop laughing. We sat there laughing for a full fifteen minutes and then all the way home. This is the icing on the cake for one of the funniest days I've ever had. I will never forget all the times we laughed together that day. I think @LOCATION1 and I being able to laugh together brings us closer as friends because even when we get angry with each other, or something bad happens, we always find a way to laugh eventually, and that's every good friendship Something that should have. Laughing doesn't always make everything better, but it can make life better for someone @CAPS1, you never know how a little laugh can have a positive impact on even the most grumpy person.
Many think @ORGANIZATION1 is like everyone else. These people are dead wrong. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 is very different from most people. As you can see, it's full of humorous people. These people make up a lot of @ORGANIZATION1's highlights. Where are these people, you might ask? Why, they are everywhere. The best spots to watch are in the hallways, especially @DATE1 @ORGANIZATION1, at lunchtime, @CAPS2 after @ORGANIZATION1. Most of the people I'm going to tell you are my friends. There are many others whose names I don't even know. There's even a teacher I'll mention a few things. Alright small talk, let's get started? I'll start with the teacher. I forgot her name, but she likes to speak with an @CAPS1 accent. She is also passionate, @CAPS2 I mean passionate. She often says, "@CAPS3 let's go!". very funny. I've never seen her without enthusiasm. Many students are very disturbed by this. It can be annoying at times, but at least she's not gloomy or otherwise. In fact, among many others @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2, we may even need more like her. Another student is also very enthusiastic, not always, but often him. His name is @CAPS4. @CAPS4 what a happy kid. He likes to sing. I mean he likes to sing. He sings even if he doesn't know the lyrics of the song he's singing. People were always making fun of him around him. The jokes are usually mean ones, but he put up with @CAPS2 laughing. I really have to give him that much credit. It's hard for almost anyone to put up with such rude words, let alone laugh with them. But enough. He's happy @CAPS2 really makes you laugh which is really cool. Don't stop being funny @CAPS4. There are a couple of funny boys who can knock your shoes @CAPS3 and even use what they do. These two boys, named @PERSON3 @CAPS2 @PERSON1, are very humorous and very humorous. Ever heard of @CAPS6? This is a toy brand that is fun for little ones and big kids alike. This toy is shaped like a bowl. You flip it over, align the edge with the ground, @CAPS2 drop it. When it hits the ground, it bounces into the air. Well, @PERSON3 @CAPS2 @PERSON1 love to play @CAPS6 so much that they found a new way to play it. Instead of hitting the ground with it, they hit each other with it! They like to hurt each other. In the end, though, @CAPS6 wears badly and @CAPS2 rips. It needs to retire from the heavy lifting, but @PERSON3 @CAPS2 @PERSON1 won't. They just can't stop playing it. @PERSON2, @CAPS9, @CAPS2 I haven't seen them play it lately. We thought it might be broken. Ha ha! Never walk down the hallway with @PERSON2, even if you have a purpose. Trust me, you don't want to! @PERSON2 It's easy to get distracted in the hallway. If she sees someone she wants to talk to, she won't tell you. She just circled around @CAPS2 and rushed towards them. To that end, if you go with her, always let her take the lead; at least you'll know when she wants to know the trail of @CAPS3. Still, @PERSON2 is humorous. She makes a lot of random noises. You totally got @CAPS3 protected @CAPS2 just can't help laughing at how weird these sounds. On the other hand, @CAPS9 not only makes sounds, but also makes funny facial expressions. When she tells us the funny things her goat @CAPS2 pets do, she always tries to imitate them. Together, @CAPS9 @CAPS2 I'm having fun. At the start of the @DATE1 finals, we drew such a silly photo in @CAPS2 random things. I drew her as a stick figure of going to the moon, but the moon is far away. We are broken! Once, she redrawn the little cartoon that her brother had thought about for more than a year or two. In the comics, it's a very ugly man who tells his friends that they are going to a nightclub, but the ugly man turns out to be a woman. During the finals, another man pulled a friend's arm through the hallway. Friends say it is very comfortable. Then, they told a teacher! Hahaha! So you see, @LOCATION1 is not just a regular @ORGANIZATION1. You might call it the clown @ORGANIZATION1 if you wanted to. Ha ha ha ha! You'll never really know how much I say every day until you visit haha, so come here. We'll let you join the fun!
Everyone knows that long car trips can be exhausting both physically and mentally. Imagine a family of four: a mother, father and two daughters in @CAPS1. The father is in the driver's seat, the mother is in the passenger seat, the sister is on the left side of the rear seat, and the sister is on the right side. The sun is up and you are still on your way. My father was tired and drove all night. My mother just woke up and yawned, not knowing how far she was from her destination. The sisters looked out the window with extremely bored expressions. Even with a cup of coffee and loud music, the atmosphere was lifeless and very dull. What could create such a dead atmosphere? A form of entertainment, I guess. As a child, I was always on the road. Moved from one place to another because of my father's job. At the time, we were living in a state known for snow. @org1. Fantastic wildlife, breathtaking views and beautiful landscapes that no human being has ever touched. During the long winter, snow covers the ground like a blanket on a bed. You might wake up in the morning to find two feet of new snow. Although, despite living in a cold, isolated state, summers are extremely hot. For those unfamiliar with @ORGANIZATION1's weather, this is a complete twist. That was about ten years ago, so the environment may have changed, but, it's still a state of breathtaking beauty. After coming home from school on a cool @DATE1 day, my mom told me to start tidying up. I know we'll be leaving on @DATE1, but I'm still hesitant to leave my friend. Every time we move, I have to say a heartbreaking goodbye to my friends who have lived there for a few years. I went back to my room, started packing, and started the long journey. My father came to me and told me we were moving by car. He asked my sister and I to go with him so he could pick up uHaul. We went to check the size, and its condition. As usual, the truck isn't at its best on long rides, but it's better than nothing. My dad drove it home with my sister and I and my dad started putting the packed boxes on the truck. My mom, sister and I packed the rest of the boxes. My mom's @CAPS1 is stuffed with boxes of valuables and mandatory items, and the cat in our cage. Once everything was packed, the hired uHaul staff drove the uHaul to our new destination @LOCATION2. Everyone has mixed emotions about leaving. My mother loves her neighbors, my dad has some great colleagues, my sister and I have some great friends, but we have to say goodbye to our friends. It wasn't the first time, and it wasn't the last, but it still hurt every time. The time we spent together will remain in our memory forever! Let's go! to our new temporary home. Drive from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2. The only thing I don't like is that we have to get to @LOCATION2 in less than a week. Driving that far in a week? Fewer stops, more driving, no fun, or sightseeing...total drag! It was really chatty and energetic at first, but soon everyone got tired of being on the road. My sister's body didn't handle it very well at first, and neither did mine. Halfway through @LOCATION2, all conversations stopped. The atmosphere began to fade, and so did the excitement. There is absolutely nothing to do in such a small area. I wanted to try and make the rest of the drive fun, so I started singing in my tone-deaf way. At a young age, halfway through listening to the song, my voice choked up, causing a lot of laughter! My mom started saying I was just cute and my dad started laughing at me. My sister also started to sing, and before you knew it, everyone sang along! Morale was high and everyone was singing and laughing with joy. After that, we also started to be more active! The rest of the trip down south was full of energy, and time and distance passed quickly. Spending time with family is always fun, but it's even better if you spend it in a fun, exciting way! Keep things interesting and keep a positive, happy outlook on everything!
Laughter is not only good for yourself, but also for others. We seem to only use it when you feel the need to be happy, but it really shouldn't be the only reason. Laughing not only makes you feel better, but it also lets you vent what you need to vent. It is a pride to be able to enjoy yourself , and you should feel better about yourself. How do you feel every time you laugh? Do you feel like the world is off your shoulders and you feel better about yourself? I'm not saying you have to laugh so loudly that you fall off your chair and roll, but a simple laugh can do the trick. Watching your favorite movie or hanging out with friends, as long as you're laughing, you can and should feel better about yourself. Which brings us to what's going on around the @CAPS2 family. When I was younger, I would go to @LOCATION2 with the @CAPS2 family. I was living in @LOCATION1 at the time. Every @DATE1 we stuff five to nine people into a van and hit the road. With almost no space for yourself, you would think it wouldn't be fun. All in all, we would fight over where to stop or when to turn on the way to eat, but nothing too serious. Younger than everyone, I was very bored. So to fix this, I'll have the @CAPS2 family tell jokes, make faces, and do something. Just when someone made a joke or made a face, I would laugh out loud. Pure happiness and pure innocence. It doesn't mean they're funny, or that they're even working on it, but to relax my tense shoulders, I'll laugh. When we get to the residence on @CAPS2's great-grandparents land, we'll once again be sleeping in a small place. Everyone gets a crib and has to endure the warm sun and bitter cold @TIME1. Cold nights are the most important thing for all of us because @CAPS2 great grandparents have land, which means there is no filtered heat where we're going to live. The sleeping bag and the clothes on your back are the only things we can get. So, as the sun slowly slips from the dazzling light among us, we are helpless. Knowing me, I don't hear the grief of @CAPS2's family, and I drink plenty of water before @CAPS2 rests head on in the crib. If you have common sense, I didn't when I was younger. You know that if you drink a lot before bed and it's cold around you, you're going to have to use the bathroom sometime during @TIME1. Because @CAPS2 Aunt is only NUM1 years older than me and should be the one who has to wake up to take me outside, down the driveway, to the porter's potty, wait for me, then go back to sleep while trying to get away like a puppet master Control her trembling. Knowing @TIME1, she's not happy with @TIME1's situation, I'm sure no one will. The last time she took me, she made sure it was the last time she got up and took me to the bathroom. Here comes @TIME1 and she had to take me there. We started walking down the driveway. The wind is unlike any other night, tearing from all sides and piercing @CAPS2's skin. Another weird thing about @TIME1 is that, unlike Aunt @CAPS2's usual dull, tired face, she's awake, more awake, and she seems to have a smile on her face. Because it was very dark, she carried a flashlight with her. She opened the door to let me in and shone light into the crack so I could see better. When I was done, I felt the vibration of the porter's potty and heard the monster's voice "@CAPS1 y come and get me, run, run!" @CAPS2 was full of blood and warmth was what I remember. Pushing the door open, screaming, and running for @CAPS2 "safety" is what @CAPS2 thinks. I looked back when I realized aunt @CAPS2 wasn't with me. Only to find her laughing uncontrollably at what just happened. The meaning behind @TIME1 is that if you rearrange the question, you can turn a bad situation into a good situation. You can make it a joke instead of a scary time. @CAPS2 Auntie asking me to do something she thinks is fun is more meaningful to her and frees her from whatever she thinks she feels. It is a causal placement. Made me panic and made her more reassured.
Do you feel good after you laugh a lot? Good research shows that after you laugh, you not only feel better, but it's a great way to cut calories. Once, when I was in a bad mood, my cousin came over to make me laugh. It's a very important part of our relationship, and she's only going to make the day better, but with more effort. How can you have so much fun when people aren't laughing? Studies show that laughter can greatly help your health. It increases a certain blood flow in the brain, which helps a person to be more energetic and happy. It also shows that laughter can prolong life. Also, whenever a person laughs, it helps a person burn calories. If it's good for you, why not laugh more often? Just imagine, what would the world be like if no one laughed? Will be sullen and full of unhappy people, like my cousin came to see me once. One day, I was depressed and frustrated. Everything didn't go my way and it turned out to be a very bad day. Then all of a sudden my cousin came to @ORGANIZATION1 and surprised me. I was watching something at @ORGANIZATION1 one day after school when she came in @ORGANIZATION1 sneaked behind me and startled me. We both started laughing so hard. She turned a bad day into a fun one. We had a movie night and ate candy and pickles all night. We write songs and sing them. We had the best time of our lives. We've been having this party all night. If we all hadn't laughed, I don't know what would have happened to everyone. If we don't laugh, our relationship will certainly not be as strong. It seems that we are sad or depressed all the time. If they didn't laugh, if we just sat there and didn't laugh, I wouldn't be so looking forward to seeing her. For me, laughter is an important part of having fun in any relationship. It shows how comfortable and happy you are with people. If you've ever been frustrated and wanted to give up, you know it's not fun at all. But whether you're watching a funny movie or talking to your friends and making you laugh, you know what joy it brings to your life. So laughter must be an important part of your life or any relationship. Overall, laughing is one of the most important things a person can do to make another person feel welcome and comfortable around you. It's also a great way to have fun and cut calories. If your life needs some joy, watch a funny movie or hang out with someone who will make you laugh.
Social @CAPS1 @CAPS2 People think of laughter as a way to express how you feel, almost like an emotion. I see laughter in a different way. Laughter is a form of communication. Of course you laugh @MONTH1 when something is funny, but the truth is you can control it. So @CAPS5 will people laugh? They convey the message with a smile; basically, they are letting you know that what you say or do is funny to them. Overtime, laughter can build relationships and even start them, all because when someone laughs at you or laughs with you, you're sharing a common denominator. I know laughter is important in my life because without it I would never have met my best friend. When I started sixth grade, I was terrified. I'm terrified that I'm going to lose all my old friends and be one of those kids who sits alone in the cafeteria every day and wants someone to eat his greasy pizza with him. Of course, I overreacted, but for the first few days, the thought stuck in my head. Soon I even started noticing that my friends had actually found new friends to hang out with, and I started to feel like I was becoming the outcast I was afraid to be. Then I met him. He was a skating kid, with black hair that fell behind his eyes, and fair, almost pale skin. I was with one of my few friends @CAPS3 when I saw him riding his bike near the front of the school. I don't really miss him except that he has some of the coolest shoes I've ever seen. I was really surprised when @CAPS3 came up and started talking to him, like he knew him forever. I walked with him to avoid the image of being abandoned. As soon as we stood in front of him, he said insults that I would normally dismiss, but this time I don't know why it made me angry. I looked back and before I knew it, we were in a war of words. Finally I knew one thing: I hated that kid, and he hated me too. In the middle of the year, our school held a dance. It was the first dance I ever did and I had butterflies in my stomach. I got a ride with an old friend of mine @DATE1. I like @DATE1 because he's never picky or anything like that, he's just friendly. When we were in the car driving to middle school, he told me he had to get something else and didn't really bother me until we got home. The house wasn't very impressive, it could have been a cardboard box all I cared about. When I saw the child's left foot come out of the house, I knew whose shoe it was. He got in the car and I pretended not to see him. I failed. The whole ride was embarrassing. When we started dancing, I walked to the right of @DATE1 to avoid confrontation. @DATE1 got nervous and stopped walking. What he said next surprised me a bit. "@CAPS5 Aren't you guys getting along?" We all stood there, eyes closed, as the Skate Kid posted his "nice comment" again. I thought it was the start of another year, but I did something I didn't expect: I laughed. He also laughed. It's almost like for the first time ever, we're friends. We hung out all night and danced like crazy. We became friends. Over the rest of the year, we became better and better friends. We went to each other's house and hung out at school. That's when I realized we were best friends. Even now, in ninth grade, we are still best friends. It's crazy how a little giggle can escalate to that level, but here's what happened. I don't know how the laughter did it, or @CAPS5 I even laughed that night, but one thing is for sure: laughter is important.
Walking into the classroom, I started shaking with anxiety. I'm a freshman in 4th grade and I'm dizzy with questions about transferring from public elementary school to @CAPS1 school, which I put aside when I walk into the room with a big white "@NUM1" on the outside wall. I swear, I can feel my bones shaking from my nerves. Surprisingly, no one came near me when I came in. I noticed they all revolve around this @CAPS4-go-lucky brunette. No one really even noticed I was there until the teacher looked up. After introducing myself to her and the class, I looked back at the brunette who had previously been surrounded by a group of would-be peers. I stood there and she smiled at me, my feet glued uncontrollably to the ground, staring blankly at her for a few seconds. When someone told me this girl was another new student in their class, I understood why everyone was staring at her. I quickly envied her because of all the attention she got. Before I knew it, I was a rather jealous kid, my stomach was slowly twisting every day when I noticed that everyone wanted to be her friend and I was a little ignored, I started to have doubts about this girl and disgust. Even her name sounded suspicious to me. @PERSON1. I've never heard of anyone named @PERSON1 before. Luckily, I was sitting across from the classroom with her. And a month later, I still felt uncomfortable around her, so I stubbornly avoided her. After my first month at @LOCATION1, my birthday started quickly. I started to discover who I wanted to be friends with and who to avoid. Unfortunately, even the ones I was growing tired of had to be invited to my birthday party because it was a class party and I didn't want anyone to be left out, and since the class was only thirty people, I could have only Infer that news about the party will spread and people will start talking. I know I haven't built enough of a reputation for people to know who I really am or what my personality really is like. Because, I was giving out invitations in everyone's beige square cubby, and when I came across "#@NUM2", I hesitated. This is her number. The number of the girl with the strange name gave me an undue resentment-like suspicion. After I put the birthday party invitations in her room, I cursed myself violently. When the day of the party finally came, I had everything arranged as I imagined. I even picked the perfect @CAPS2 @CAPS3 cake for myself. Guests started knocking on the glass door, temporarily smearing it with some dirty knuckle prints. @PERSON1 alone. When I opened the door, she timidly immediately pushed a present at me, shyly muttering "@CAPS4 birthday @CAPS5". I welcome her traditionally, as I do to everyone else, and take her to the backyard. The party continued in several directions until my mom got everyone together so I could blow out the candles. @PERSON1 walked up to me. Confused, Mom leaned over and whispered that @PERSON1 shares my birthday and she'll be blowing out candles with me. I can not believe it. The person I selfishly pretended not to exist was the one I had to share the cake with. After blowing out the candles, everyone left because the party was over and I silently pouted to share my birthday with others. After the party, I walked into the house only to find @PERSON1 sitting on my steps. Her mom apparently couldn't pick her up for another hour. I walked up to her and casually started chatting with her. A few minutes later, my brother ran in with a big dollop of frosting in his hand. He yelled @CAPS4 birthday at me and threw it in my face. I was shocked and didn't know what to do. He ran downstairs to his room and I was still standing there with my mouth open. Then, I heard someone laughing behind me. I turn around and see @PERSON1 giggling. Without warning, I also started laughing. None of us can stop. It was at that moment that I realized that I was wrong about her. We were playing and laughing the rest of the hour, begging for the night when her mom came. Although we didn't make it, I gradually understood that this girl was the person I wanted to approach. @PERSON1, through the first laugh, became my best friend and is still my best and closest friend today.
My best friend @PERSON2 and I have a tradition we made up. Every time she came to my house, we always slid down the stairs with our sleeping bags. We came up with @TIME1 @CAPS4 She spent @TIME1 at my house. It hit me suddenly when I was sitting on the stairs with nothing to do. I turned to @PERSON2 and said "@CAPS1 two little girls might be having fun in the middle of @TIME1, @CAPS4 all they have to do is a long stairway to sit under their noses all the time?" to @TIME1, She said "I'm listening". @CAPS2 We are all excited because we finally found something fun to do. I said "I'll tell you. We just need to get all the pillows we can find." The two of us ran around the house, looked at every room, and brought back all the pillows we could find. stair. "@CAPS3 @CAPS1 do we need these pillows?" @PERSON2 asked and surprised @CAPS4 I said "for padding". @CAPS4 Pillow at the foot of the stairs and I told her my brilliant plan. she loves it! We can't wait to get started. "@CAPS5 purple sleeping bag is perfect for @TIME1," @PERSON2 said. I ran down the hallway to my room, grabbed my sleeping bag, and rushed down the stairs. My purple sleeping bag was super sleek, just what we needed to slide down the stairs. @CAPS2, @DATE1, we are 14 and 15 @DATE1 and we are still having fun on @TIME1. In @DATE1, we improved it to make it nervous and loaded with more fun. @PERSON2 and I have agreed on some safety precautions we deem necessary. @CAPS4 We just use sleeping bags that don't need them, but as we add, we agree to wear helmets and sometimes a couple of pillows. The helmet kinda scares my mom because it's even required. A @TIME1, @PERSON2 and I have been eating too much candy and getting super high when my parents are away. The two of us slid down the stairs but it was starting to get too easy and not as fun as @CAPS4, we were about @DATE1 @DATE1 old. We want to make it bigger and better than ever! We start brainstorming. My brother's room was upstairs and we somehow wanted to incorporate his mattress into our fun. @PERSON2 and I drag the mattress up the stairs. We both sat on mattresses, pushed away, and went downstairs to shoot. We could barely hold onto the mattress. The farther we walked down the stairs, the farther we slid off the mattress. We laughed so hard @CAPS3 @CAPS4 We hit rock bottom and we almost hit the wall! @CAPS3 interesting. After our first ride, we decided it would be best to put an extra pillow on the wall. One thing we didn't think about before we fell down the stairs was how heavy the mattress was. Getting back to the stairs was difficult but we didn't mind because we had fun playing @CAPS3. @PERSON2 and I are tired @CAPS3 we decided to take a break. The two of us dragged the mattress up the stairs and onto the sofa in the opposite room one last time. Not long ago, my mom bought an inflatable sports bean. Shaped like a real bean, it has handles on both sides. @PERSON2 starts messing around, @CAPS4 she says "@CAPS6 try it?" We both dash back down the stairs, ready for more of the reckless fun we love. Our imaginations bounced off the wall. @TIME1 The two of us felt it was time to mix everything together for the ultimate ride. We placed the mattress at the top of the stairs and measured out where we needed the sleeping bag. Our idea was to sit on the exercise bean, on the mattress, slide off the mattress, land on the sleeping bag on the stairs, wait for the turbo to be delivered to us, and end up being sent down the stairs with the pillows at the bottom. I found some tape @CAPS3, @PERSON2 to stick sleeping bags to the floor. @PERSON2 let me go first. I'm nervous because we've never done @TIME1 before. After a minute, it finally opened. The drop from the mattress to the stairs was bigger than I thought. @CAPS4 I landed on the sleeping bag like in the @PERSON1 video game and started to accelerate. It was horrible, but @CAPS4 I hit rock bottom and we both laughed out of control. @CAPS3 We had a great time.
@CAPS1 I was at my grandmother's house with my cousin a few weekends ago. She lives in the woods and has a bunch of quads and motorcycles. All my cousin and I did was ride horses, have air gun battles, and build huge forts. We planned to stay only one night but ended up staying three nights. So the first night we were there, we built a fort in the woods. The fort looked really good at the time, but the next morning we had other ideas. So the next morning we were ready to go outside and work on the fort. He finished before me, so he went down first. When I was halfway down, I heard him running out of the fort screaming. He's yelling @CAPS2.....MICCCCEEEEE! So I figured we must have a little @CAPS2 problem and smiled to myself. So I went in and saw it for myself, and sure enough there were a bunch of little @CAPS2 running around in there. For us, this is the end of the ground fort. The next day, we decided to have an air gun fight (guns that shoot small plastic bbs). We had a lot of fun shooting each other, mostly because it hurts. Like I said, we had a great time until I decided to try and hide in a small tree. He found me, shot me, I fell from a tree and broke my gun. That was the end of the war, and I nearly broke my leg. I guess that's the payoff for mocking the mice. After the war, we decided to go quad biking for a while. There are plenty of trails to ride around her house. He drives a dirt bike, I drive a quad bike, I drive a quad bike so I can blaze new trails. We did some really nice trails there. It was really muddy and wet there. I ran out of gas when we rode long distances in the woods. So I had to walk all the way back to the house to refuel and walk all the way back there. On our last day there, we got up early. We wanted to go out and find a place to build a new fort. This time we're going to make a tree castle so we don't have to worry about critters. We spent our time on this horrible tree from waking up to going home. My grandfather had a lot of wood that he didn't use because he was really too old to build anything, so we never ran out of wood.
We all rushed into the woods to ride quads and tricycles, @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 and @PERSON1 had quads and I was the only one on the tricycle. We loaded our tricycles and quads into the back of our trucks and trailers and headed out to the woods. We got out of their cars and unloaded our rides and we warmed them all up except for the ones with the clutch. The only way to start it is to pull it with an automatic quadWilber, he said to @PERSON1 he would start it, so you pull me. I got up and hung the rope on the aech quad @PERSON1 said he was ready so @PERSON1 was taking off fast and some of the hooks just came off and completely hit his back and he got up and looked like he was dancing. He lifted his shirt and asked if there were any marks, oh man, the hook hit him right on, it looked like a hook was printed on his back. @PERSON1 is starting to back off a bit. I don't blame him, I don't blame him, you can hear it snap when it hits him. I looked at @PERSON1, he tried not to laugh, @PERSON1 looked at @PERSON1, got off the quad and started chasing him. I finally got my attention and said, "We're not here to ride the bike to kick ass." We finally got the bike going, but @PERSON1 was afraid to pull the quad so I had to do it once we heated the quad with the clutch Wheel drive car, a police car came down from us and turned on his lights. When I see @PERSON1 take off, we'll update what we're going to do. @PERSON1 I look back to see if @PERSON1 is behind us, no he's not. @PERSON1 told me we should leave him but I told him it would be a way for us to come back and the cop told us he was surprised we came back. We asked @PERSON1 what happened, he had no idea after dealing with the police that day, we tried to figure out what was wrong with the bike, we found someone messing with the carburetor and they were completely gone. Too bad we didn't get our license when we were eighteen, but for @PERSON1 it's twenty-one, which is really bad for him. After that day @PERSON1 promised he would never go with @PERSON1 and me again.
My family and I occasionally visit our vacation home to see how things are going. We would spend a few days or a week there. Great to hang out with our neighbors, ride a quad bike, feed the rabbits, horses and cows, do makeup. Sometimes my dad and I would sit on the porch and watch the scenery. Beautiful sussets, trees and their colors. A herd of deer roamed around, nibbling on scraps on the ground. Cows walking along the fence line wait for dinner to go. When we were sitting there, we would talk about random things or joke with each other and then just laugh and have fun. One night, while we were sitting on the porch, my father asked me if I wanted to take a walk. I said yes, so we went into the ranch and somehow he had a camera. We chatted as we walked and he photographed everything. I didn't look, but suddenly he was taking pictures of me. I looked at him and I saw the camera was facing me, his finger on the button and didn't let go. I ran in circles and laughed so hard I couldn't stop crying. He kept going in circles, just like me, still taking pictures of me, and we were just laughing and laughing.
Laughter @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Laughter I believe can save me from the horrible crater I'm hiding in. It created a happy bubble in @CAPS1's belly and it ended up filling me with joy. Laughter feels like a day at @DATE1 hearing bugs buzzing in the warm breeze knowing I was able to float in a cloud of marshmallows and then not realizing I was laughing at everything I did. Laughter turned the gloomy days of @CAPS1 upside down and made me realize every reason I had to be happy. 6th grade is a big milestone for everyone @CAPS2. Get lockers, have more freedom, be able to be with older kids, and more. I always dreamed of laughing with @CAPS1's best old friend and giving the boys our numbers, but that all changed when she left. No one talks to me or hangs out with me at school. @CAPS1's best old friend never leaves @CAPS1's side anyway, so it's uncomfortable walking the crowded hallways of the huge school where I breathe the breeze. With eight hours of school a day, school becomes unpleasant. Most sixth graders don't like going to school because of their homework and would rather socialize with other classmates, but not me. I feel lonely when other sixth graders (mostly girls) joke about @CAPS1 coming out or my always getting good grades in school. They would steal the projects I made and worked hard on. They also took away books, paper and supplies such as pencils and pens. I learned new formulas and facts, but I never learned how to relate to other peers. @CAPS1 Three quarters of the sixth grade year has passed and I feel alone, like the rest of the world withering and dying, or moving far away. At night, @CAPS1's eyes spew gallons of salt water tears from @CAPS1's face and onto @CAPS1's pillow. @PERSON1 is another best friend of @CAPS1 who never makes fun of me or speaks behind @CAPS1's back, but she insists on doing it. I get overwhelmed walking around a group of girls who demean others, but hide it with their behavior around a particular person. They would tell other students rumors about innocents and how vulgar and weird they were. I don't want them to tell people about rude comments about me, so I ignore them as much as I can by doing my best at @CAPS1's own events. A girl from another elementary school noticed @CAPS1's loneliness at school and decided to talk to me. I'm shy and feel like @CAPS1's stomach is starting to roll, which is never a good sign. All I can do is smile and nod before I look like a scared kitten. She told me that next lunch I should hang out with her and her friends, but those girls are the ones who tease me. The next lunch, I went with her and I was sweating all the time. When I started talking to them about myself, they just smiled and said I was cute and a wonderful person, which made me smile from cheek to cheek. It feels good to smile for the first time in a long time. A few days later, the girls told the other sixth graders that I was a very boring good pair of shoes. @CAPS1's smile soon faded once I heard those rumors spreading like a disease in the @CAPS1 class. @PERSON1 left the group of girls at lunch one day to talk to me about what happened. I told her how I felt about what those girls did to me and how the world would always agree with everything they said. She confessed to me that she really didn't know why she was hanging out with them. I was relieved to hear her say these things and that she disagreed with how that group felt about me. The girls who talk bad about me behind @CAPS1 do whatever they want, and @PERSON1 fills the brisk air around @CAPS1 with laughter. Together we laugh at everything that makes us happy. Sometimes we even laugh at each other at boring rallies, or at a ridiculous person trying to do something everyone knows they can't. When she hit a roadblock in @CAPS2, I supported her and did what a real friend would do, just laugh at how stupid each other was, just to make her laugh about the situation. In other words, the laughter pulled me out of @CAPS1's horrible pit, where I hid, and allowed me to find @CAPS1's true friend in @CAPS2. Laughing made me forget about bad times and people and made me realize that when they let me down, I had a million reasons to laugh until I had to gasp for breath. For me, laughter has always been an important part of any relationship because I can have a good time.
@CAPS2 @CAPS3 Water @CAPS1 We think laughter is just an emotion, but it's actually a way of life. We use laughter to cheer people up, or to get out of trouble. People do silly things just to make others laugh. I personally think that laughter is a reason to live and everyone needs more laughter in their daily life. I've always been the kind of person who makes everyone laugh and feel better, and I've always made myself miserable just to make others happy. When I was a kid my friends would always be bullied at school for no reason really. And I'm not the type to take action or try to hit someone back. But that all changed when my friend came home crying and eating before school. She told me that these girls threw her lunch and called her by her name. So I went to school with her the next morning and I had @CAPS1 full of chocolate milk, smoothie, egg yolks and yogurt. When she pointed the girls to me, I grabbed the chocolate milk balloon and threw it at one of them, hitting her in the chest. She started screaming that her clothes were designer, like someone really cared. I looked at my friend's face, she was shocked, but I could tell she was trying to hold back her joy because she knew I wasn't finished. Then I threw something with an egg yolk in it and got into the hair of a girl whose screams were deafening. Two girls full of smoothies hugging each other trying to keep each other safe (or trying to use each other as shields), but it didn't work for my throw. They start freaking out and running to the others, which is a bad idea because they're all huddled together trying to figure out who it is. When they found out it was too late, I had thrown them the biggest balloon full of yogurt and they couldn't get out of there fast enough. It fell between them all and exploded as they turned to look at what was thrown. It covered everyone and they started screaming so loud that school officials started coming out of the building to see what all the screaming was about. I could see every kid who watched the whole show coming up to me and they started telling me how amazing it was and how funny the girls' reactions were. Some children were still on the ground laughing out of breath. Some people thank me and tell me that these girls have been teasing them for a while. I looked at my friend who was about to cry. She ran over and hugged me and hugged me so tightly that I thought my air was going to be squeezed out. It's been ten years since then, and I still talk to my friend, and she even occasionally calls me if she's having trouble at school. As for girls? I haven't heard anything about them since they were both transferred to different schools. I think laughter is the source of all the joy in our lives and it helps people become closer than ever. My friend still says it was the best day of her life. Some of the other kids who witnessed this incident are now in high school with her, and they're all asking how I'm doing and wanting to see me do something similar again. Unfortunately, I had to turn them down and tell them they had to learn how to deal with their bullies on their own. I think some of them have come up with very creative ways to get revenge on people by getting rid of what I did.
Laughter is an essential part of any relationship as it removes any previous upsets and tends to bond two people together. This phenomenon is true whether the individuals involved are in the same room, talking on the phone, or even communicating over the Internet. My best friend and I have a special bond where laughter plays a big role in bringing us together. Even in difficult times, laughter can bring people together. My best friend @LOCATION1 is @CAPS1 and we've shared a lot of laughter in the @DATE1 years we've been friends. We first met while playing an online computer game and immediately enjoyed each other's comments and hilarious statements. When one of us said even the slightest funny thing, we all burst into laughter right away. He shared a lot of laughs with me over the next two and a half years. Recently, his family has faced financial difficulties and has been unable to pay for internet and phone bills for several months. Work seems more taxing than usual during this time , as I have few people to really relax and laugh with. It's only the occasional laugh with my friends who live locally that I can forget the disappointment I've felt for missing out on a best friend. @DATE1 Weeks ago, my best friend and I seemed to want to be able to communicate like we did before. While staying up late at @TIME1 and @TIME1 doing my homework, I noticed that I got a message from @LOCATION1, a long-lost one. Immediately I giggled inwardly, thinking of the good times we shared just a month ago. To my dismay, instead of telling me his house was back online, I got a message thanking me for my gift to @CAPS2 and telling me he was at another friend's house for @TIME1. He also mentioned that he would enjoy playing a game or two with me during this time. While that provided some consolation, it didn't quite satisfy my thirst for laughter, since the computer he carried around lacked the drivers that would allow the microphone to be used. That afternoon, while a little disappointing, reminded me of the many good times we shared together. My hopes were finally confirmed one @DATE1 ago when @LOCATION1 messaged me that he was online again. Even though we missed being together during the @DATE1 break, we are happy to be able to communicate again. I'm glad the @TIME1 he chose to go online was @DATE2 because we played all the way to @TIME1. The laughter we shared with @TIME1 wiped the disappointment from our minds. My days are complete again because they are now almost the perfect balance of work and laughter. Laughter really brings people together far beyond what I've ever known. Even though my best friend and I are miles apart, when we talk and laugh together, it's like he's in the same room as me. I hope someday soon, we @MONTH1 can actually be in the same room, sharing laughter and enjoying life. This example is just one of many where laughter greatly improves the outcome of a given situation, bringing the individuals involved closer together than ever before.
Laughter is an important part of my life. The best way to pass the time is to laugh with friends and family. Think back to all the happy times you've had, and if you do, you'll find most of them laughing. That's because laughter and fun go hand in hand. Everyone loves to play, so everyone loves to laugh. Laughter is good for you in many ways, it makes you happy, helps you maintain healthy relationships with others, and relieves stress. There are also many people who laugh when they are nervous, and I am one of them. Especially when you're in an embarrassing situation. Like you have to speak in front of the class. I remember my first speech in high school and it was one of the scariest things I've ever done. It was @CAPS1 year and I was lounging in my chair trying to get as low as possible so the teacher couldn't see me. I also don't make any eye contact with her. To block her view, I put my backpack in front of me. Every time she looks around the room to pick another person, I hold my breath, wishing it wasn't me. Every time it wasn't me, I breathed a sigh of relief. Ultimately, it came down to a few people and I knew my doom would soon be waiting for me. I decided to take the opportunity to peek at my backpack to see who the teacher was looking for her next victim. When I look at her, all I see is her eyes meeting mine. I tried to hide behind the backpack again, but it was too late. She has started calling my name. what should I do? I wonder. Should I tell her I'm not ready yet? Should I try to get rid of it? I wiped my sweaty palms with my blue jeans. Then I got up and started walking towards the front of the room. I can feel a tight knot in my stomach. Holding the note card, I started talking. My words were calm and trembling. My presentation was about school uniforms, and whether I agree or not. As I went on, I could feel myself starting to trip over my words. Then I started laughing, which I always do when I'm nervous. I could hear the others in the room start snickering. I smiled and looked down at my notecard and continued my presentation. After the ward, I felt relieved that I could get over it. It's not perfect, but laughing at myself when I screw up helps me get through it without breaking down from my nervousness. While not everyone has this reaction, laughing can help relieve tension in some situations. But always be careful not to laugh in inappropriate situations. Constant stress is not good for you. Finding something to laugh about can be a great way to relieve stress. Laughing might not be the right behavior to get an A in your speech, but it did help me stay consistent to get through it. Laughter is important to everyone. It's a great way to have fun with others and it makes you happy. Laughter is a great way to relieve stress. If you find something in common laughable, your relationship will be stronger. If you learn to laugh, you will surely live a happy and happy life, I know I can laugh.
Laughter is part of life and doesn't need to be taught. We are born with the ability to laugh. Laughter and laughter are with us from the start, so we don't really think about the importance of laughter. It gives us a sense of relief, a sense of joy, and it also brings people together despite barriers such as background or language. I think one of the most important things laughter does to people is bring them together. When you meet someone you haven't seen in a long time, or you have to be in a group of people you don't know, a little laugh can break the ice and bring you closer. I wanted to recount a time when I visited my family at @LOCATION2 and I hadn't seen them since I was two years old. My brother and I were the only visitors in our family. So we didn't have our mom there to make us feel comfortable, or introduce people. I'm worried about being able to communicate with my family at @LOCATION2 because while I can understand and speak @CAPS1, I'm not fluent. Being able to connect with family members I never knew was very important to me and I was worried that language would prevent that. I'm also worried about my brother because he doesn't speak @CAPS1 at all. On the plane, I thought about how I should introduce myself, what to talk about, and prepare answers to certain questions. I don't want the language barrier to create an awkward atmosphere. It's finally time for @LOCATION2. We landed at @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2 where many of my relatives live. My brother and I packed up and went to find our uncles and aunts. We saw them waiting for us and @CAPS3 waved enthusiastically. Then we naturally responded with the same enthusiasm. When we first met them, we exchanged hugs and phrases like "It's nice to meet you." @CAPS3 was so kind and welcoming to us, but I still feel like I haven't seen my family. Things are very different and new to us. That's a big bonus for two people who are experiencing jet lag. The first night we stayed at our eldest uncle and aunt's house. We had dinner together and talked about our family at @LOCATION1. It's embarrassing. Communicating with older relatives who don't speak @CAPS4 is more difficult than I thought. The first night passed and I slept in uncomfortable humidity. The next morning, our uncles and aunts planned for us to have dinner with our cousins and other uncles and aunts. I'm excited to see more of my family so soon, but we'll have to spend time exploring our new surroundings until then. My brother and I checked the house and walked up and down the street. We can immediately see the difference from what we are used to. We are happy to accept the fact that we are in a different country that we are familiar with but never really know. Finally it was time to have dinner with our other relatives. We drove into downtown @ORGANIZATION1 and met at a restaurant overlooking the ocean as @ORGANIZATION1 is right on the coast. I have more of a relationship with my cousins because @CAPS3 is younger, @CAPS3 is in their twenties and generally I can get along more easily with younger people. We gathered in the noisy restaurant and sat in a segregated area for more privacy. While ordering food while admiring the scenery outside the window, I feel a lot more relaxed. Our food came and we started eating. While we were eating, my cousin started telling jokes that made everyone laugh. My brother and I were laughing so hard that we were almost in tears. There was constant laughter throughout the dinner. That's when I really started to feel like @CAPS3 was my family. I really appreciate my cousin for making me laugh because without all the laughter I don't think we would have connected so quickly. Back then I felt that laughter was important and brought me closer to the people I love.
Everyone knows when it comes to coaching @PERSON2 sr. There will always be a bunch of laughter, giggles, jokes and pranks. If you haven't experienced any of the above, then you're absolutely lame. It all started when my lovely sister @PERSON3 decided to be @CAPS1 in @LOCATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, of course she didn't want to go alone. That's why she brought @PERSON1, @PERSON4 and me. We promise each other that we will have the best memories. There is nothing in the world better than sharing emotions with people who care about each other. We arrived at @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 on a nice morning, we were all a little tired, but most of the time we were hungry, which is why the coach took us to @ORGANIZATION1 so we could get some snacks. Of course, he ran straight to @CAPS2.Pepper that old man had to carry one with him anyway. As a cross-country coach, he didn't have much impact on athletes. Anyway, if you're a fan of @LOCATION3, you either know or should know that he never likes people touching his stuff, especially his @CAPS2.Pepper! Oh man, God forbid you touch his pop. So seeing @PERSON2 nervously and resiliently walking down the aisle gave us girls a brilliant idea we're going to bring his @CAPS2. Chili, drink it! Well, maybe don't drink it, but we'll definitely take the soda from the old man. It's like stealing candy from a baby. We arrived at the hotel and the coach told us to pack our bags so we could explore the place. So when the coach got our room key, we decided to do some unpacking for him as well. @PERSON1 and I stuffed all his @CAPS2.Peppers into our bag and pretended nothing happened. We got the keys and he told us he would stay and open the rest, we didn't want him to because he would realize we had taken his pops so we immediately ran to the room and got everything Tossed on the floor so we can come back and let him forget about unpacking and we'll go straight to another @LOCATION3 tour. We didn't get back to the hotel until the evening and @PERSON2 said nothing about his @CAPS2.Peppers. We think we are the coolest people ever! It was late so we had no choice but to go to our room and stay there. We all thought it was a bit lame because none of our girls were tired, not even @PERSON3, she was in the game in the morning. By the way, she's a rebel among us all. Tme passed, we were all still awake, we were so bored and had nothing to do, so we decided to unpack @PERSON2's pop. We star them as if they were some precious possession or something. We thought about drinking them, but that would be bad. We couldn't get out of the room or start an orgy, so we just decided to hit the sheets and close our eyes because mornings are important to us girls and coaches. It's @PERSON3's second biggest game morning and... we're still in bed! Of course @PERSON2 got up before everyone. We were woken up by a loud knock on the door, we guessed it was @PERSON2 because who else would it be. We opened the door and the bald uncle stood there saying "I'll only say it once". I need my @CAPS2.Pepper. It was so funny we acted like we didn't know what he was talking about. We thought it was hilarious because the bald old man was turning beet red, and he obviously didn't think it was funny. We somehow found out we were scared for our lives when he pulled out @PERSON3 instead of the racing card! , especially @PERSON3, because she's the one to play. We played for about five minutes until he got really serious and then we decided to play the good guy. Yes, we gave him his @CAPS2.Pepper back. We learned an invaluable lesson that day, "To mess with @PERSON2 is like messing with a pig, y'all screw it up, but the pig loves it"
Laughter plays an important role in my life and my family loves to laugh. We always make each other and those around us laugh. @CAPS8 You put two or more @CAPS1s together and someone will start crashing. Sometimes my kids play games to get each other started @CAPS4. A few of us play this @CAPS2; no one has ever officially named it, so we call it theLaughing @CAPS2. @CAPS2 It starts with one person standing in front of everyone else, that's playing. The goal of @CAPS2 is to try and get others to start @CAPS4 and the first person to laugh has to swap places with them to do the same. We really don't play @CAPS8 very often, they have nothing to do. One night my two nefues and I were walking around looking for things to do @CAPS8 My little nefue @PERSON2 said "@CAPS3 play @CAPS4 @CAPS2". His brother @PERSON1 and I really didn't want to play but had nothing else to do so we both said we would. At first it always seemed like no one really wanted to go first, but @CAPS7 sombody finally got up and went. @CAPS7 It started. After that, everyone was @CAPS4 and had a great time. It went on like this for a while, but after about an hour or so it started to get boring. @PERSON1 and I are going to wipe the board from our minds, so we're going to leave, but my little nefue doesn't want us to. @PERSON2 go up and turn around. @CAPS8 @PERSON2 it's his turn and he started out just making silly faces and funny voices to try and make people laugh like he usually does. We've seen all his faces and heard all his voices, so it's not going to work. @CAPS7 He started telling us stories after he realized we couldn't laugh. He started the story with "@CAPS6 this guy is right; he has nothing but chairs and boxes. He loves his chairs and boxes". The story wasn't very interesting yet, but he agreed. "@CAPS7 This guy goes to bed because he's tired, @CAPS8 he wakes up with his stuff missing. His chair and box are the only two things he has in the world. So he goes looking for his stuff .He's looking for stuff all day. But he can't find anything except his chair, his box, not even a clue where they might be going. So he refuses to go to bed, maybe they'll come back in the morning, like Maybe it was all a dream; but @CAPS8 he woke up as a wild boar." @CAPS8 He said @PERSON2 started running around like a pig. This gets us @CAPS4 but he doesn't want to stop there, he just keeps telling his story. In this story, every time the "guy" goes to bed, something weird changes and it gets more and more interesting. My family loves to laugh and to have others laugh with us. Like my nefue @PERSON2 he didn't want to stop telling his story because he broke us down. Weather just hang out and tell a few jokes or make up a @CAPS2 we love to laugh. Laucht has a big place in my life.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 Do you know what my skin board wax is? I yelled at my @CAPS1 as I walked out of the room. I think it's on the @CAPS8 shelf, but why does @CAPS2 need it? "My dad replied. It's @PERSON1's birthday, I don't @CAPS4 give him any money, I promised him some amazing things this year, so I'm taking him to @PERSON2 @PERSON2, we're going for a canoe ride Down the giant dunes. Why can't @CAPS2 get money from us or something to buy him a card on the dollar tree? My @CAPS1 responded to me with his look like he was saying @CAPS8 the dumbest I know Kids. @CAPS2 know I don't accept handouts @CAPS1 I'll @CAPS4 work for that money, I @CAPS4 don't have enough time to work on it and hang out with @PERSON1 all day, I mean it's him today after all 's birthday, and more fun than that, I said with a mischievous smile on my face. Well, the canoe is already on the truck, my @CAPS1 replied. That's fine with me, but Can @CAPS2 take us there and back? I asked him to try that pu my sister always do dog face to get what she wants. Only @CAPS2 will stop making that weird face on me, @CAPS2 Want to drive? He asked me as we walked out the door to pick up @PERSON1. Yes please, I said, he turned the keys over to me. Pulled into @PERSON1's driveway, I turned off the truck, put the keys in In my left front pocket, I walked into @PERSON1's house. Walking in I knocked on the wall and both heads turned to look at me. My best friend @PERSON3 is a white-faced, sand-colored short-haired boy , the other is the birthday boy @PERSON1 who looks a lot like @PERSON3 with the same hair color but pink rose cheeks. I think I'll be fine @CAPS2 I said. He asked, @CAPS8 took me to this place today What's the next adventure? @CAPS2 will see soon, I replied put on some shorts now, watch a bad show, and when @CAPS8 is done, I will be in the @CAPS8 living room to watch @ORGANIZATION1 win there .So let @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 go get changed and I'm waiting outside @PERSON1's room. Okay, @PERSON3 said we're ready, tell us now. I haven't answered yet, with a mischievous smile on my face .@PERSON1 yelled goodbye to his mom, he closed the door behind us and we walked towards the truck while my @CAPS1 was waiting. So @PERSON1 said to my @CAPS1 while sitting in the back seat, @CAPS2 Any idea what @CAPS8 son wants us to do today? Yes, but @CAPS2 probably hoped this was a surprise. So why is there a canoe on top of the truck, and @CAPS2 is going fishing @PERSON1? @PERSON3 climbs next to @PERSON1 asked. Ha, I wish I could laugh at my dad when I start his truck. Out of the lane for @PERSON1, I head towards the bridge, out of town, and head straight for @PERSON2. Turning into @PERSON2, I found a parking spot on the other side of an old car and closed the truck, I threw the keys on my @CAPS1 and said I don't think @CAPS2 will let me put these in my pocket Here @CAPS4 I said to my dad. There was only one person there, a drunk man waving a beer bottle and sitting on a log. Putting the canoes in the water, I threw a paddle at each and said paddle to the opposite bank. When we got to the opposite bank, we both jumped out and I pulled the canoe into the sand at the bottom of a huge dune on the two of them your stupid comment together but sadly they started pushing the canoe up the hill. When we got to the top, we flipped the canoe over and started waxing the bottom in a hurry, then pushed it to where it might slide down, and everyone jumped in, we slid forward a little but stopped. Without a word, @PERSON3 and I jumped out, ran and pushed, then jumped in, we flew down the dunes, slammed the canoe in half, and when I saw it flipped me ten yards away 's log when @PERSON3 flew out and hit the water with a cannonball as @PERSON1 had just fallen sideways into the shallows. When I showed up, I heard the drunk man on the other side of the bank yelling. @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 THE @CAPS5 @CAPS6 IN THE @CAPS7 OF @CAPS8 @CAPS9
Have you ever laughed at something someone said, and then started laughing, not a joke, but someone who laughed more humorously than the joke itself? So are you in a good mood after a funny laugh when you might be in the worst mood in the world before that? Laughter is the medicine for almost anything, from a bad mood to crying because of sadness. It can also help brighten the mood in a room, or just make any awkward moments go away. One bright @DATE1 day, @PERSON1 called me and asked if I wanted to board a long-term flight to @PERSON2 for lunch with her. Of course I want to do this because I always like my typical @PERSON2 ordering a chocolate malt milkshake and some croutons and ranch. I jogged down the block to her house and we had already boarded @PERSON2's in downtown @CAPS1. On the way to @PERSON2's, I shared with @PERSON1 what I haven't had a good day so far and how I need to cheer up. She felt the same way. When we arrived at @ORGANIZATION1's, we were all excited to sit down so we could learn about each other's lives and meals. When we walked in, we noticed that it seemed crowded that day when we were waiting for a table. After being seated, we noticed an older couple sitting in the booth behind us, some kids from our school sitting in the booth in front of us, and a man and woman walking across the aisle. @PERSON1 ordered strawberry shake and burger with fries, I ordered my usual. After the lady took our order and left, @PERSON1 and I started talking to each other about why we were in a bad mood. She's in a bad mood because her friend @PERSON3 didn't treat her right. I'm in a bad mood because my friend @CAPS2 is mad at me for something that never happened. We were all frustrated, and frankly, we were not in the mood to laugh. Suddenly, we heard a mix of goose chirping and donkey barking. We turned to find it was a lady's laughter. I looked at @LOCATION1 and she looked at me and we started laughing. This lasted about @NUM1 minutes. We couldn't believe that sound like this could come out of anyone's mouth, it was probably the loudest laugh I've ever heard. We also love the fact that all of this is happening in a public place with so many people around and this lady is just getting ready to be teased. @PERSON1 and I continue to laugh at how this lady laughs and it somehow starts to soothe our bad mood. @PERSON1 is starting to laugh harder, as for me, I can't stop laughing. Laughter brightens people's moods or eases their bad moods in an unusual way. Whether it's a normal little laugh or an unnatural sound coming out of someone's mouth, laughter brings people together and is a great way to turn awkward moments into memorable ones. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" and that person knows what they are talking about.
There are many reasons why laughter is an important part of any relationship. In my opinion, you can't be serious about everything. Laughter is a way to relax and relieve stress. Laughter also helps to soften emotions and make people more comfortable around each other. Laughter can help in many more ways. Taking everything seriously is not always a good thing. You need to have fun in life to make you happy. Being around people who can make you laugh is always a great way to put yourself in a good mood. Laughing is a great way to reduce stress without feeling embarrassed. There's always a need to be able to build relationships with people and you can laugh at them when they're funny. For me, I know I always feel like I need to pay attention to what I say around people who can't laugh it off. Laughing is one of the best ways to relax. Laughter also helps to soften emotions and make people more comfortable around each other. If I don't feel like I can joke and laugh with the people I'm with, I usually don't feel like I can be who I am. Although if you're uncomfortable with the person you started with, it may be harder for you to joke around with them. Eventually, if you let go and laugh, you'll feel closer to them. Being happy and laughing with people creates a very strong bond between people. Turning things into jokes is one way many people keep themselves from being embarrassed. Often, if you do something that others find funny and you don't like, you may feel uncomfortable if people laugh. But if you start laughing with them, it will take the pressure off you and they will stop laughing at you and laugh with you now. In conclusion, laughter can do a lot for you. It saves you from having to take everything seriously, it reduces stress and reduces stress. Laughing is one of the best things people can do together to bond. No matter what you laugh at, it always makes you feel better.
What is one of the most important parts of a relationship? In my opinion, laughter will be one of the most important parts of a relationship. Like my relationship with @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1. We laughed almost every moment we were together, there was always someone joking. But the funniest is when we cheer together, like when our college cheerleaders go to @LOCATION2. We were locked out of the bus and kicked out by @ORGANIZATION2. Last but not least, we had the funniest @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and that night we will never be forgotten. When we first arrived at @LOCATION2 our couch had the keys locked to the bus. One of the girls noticed when she went out to get her iPod. We are all trying to come up with some way to solve this problem. We first try to move @PERSON1 through the window. But unfortunately this didn't work because we couldn't open any windows. Our sofa had to have someone bring us another set of keys. After the game, our cheerleading team went to @ORGANIZATION2. Because before the game, she promised we could go buy some cookie dough if we played well, and didn't complain about having to sit in the stands and cheer. When pulled to @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 I ran out of the bus screaming as loudly as I could. A guy who works at @ORGANIZATION2 said we can't run in the building. We followed the rules and started doing cartwheels and rounds in the hall. We were stopped again, and they weren't trying to do cartwheels or rounds in the halls. As we were walking around looking for the music box, we stumbled across a stroller, so we took turns pushing each other. It turns out that @ORGANIZATION2 doesn't allow that either. We were sent back to our coach. Unfortunately, we stumbled across another interesting thing, a short dress on a hanger. @PERSON1 and I put them on our cheer uniforms. As @PERSON1 was about to take a photo, a girl working there walked up behind us. @PERSON1 is her good friend who ran away without telling us. @PERSON1 decided to take a photo because the lady saw what we were doing and we got kicked out. The last crazy event of the night was @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. For those of you who don't know what that is, it's just when a bus stops at a traffic light and everyone except the driver gets off and runs around the bus like a madman. We were leaving @LOCATION1 when the light turned red. I stood at the door waiting for the red light. As soon as she opened the door, I had to beg our couch to let us out, and I ran out as fast as I could. Sadly, the road was so muddy that I fell straight on my ass. The other two were behind me and they helped me get up and we ran around the bus. But as soon as I turned the corner, the light turned green. People behind us were passing by and we were honked, which was not very good. Honestly, no one cared that we even thought about everyone else having a good time. As the other girl in the @CAPS7 squad rounds the corner, she falls straight to her face. Then when everyone was back on the bus, the light went red again. We were on the bus waiting for it to turn green. @CAPS7 and I are covered in mud. Everyone took the mud from @CAPS7 and I put it on their own. But since everyone was rubbing the mud, it became very dry and uncomfortable. In conclusion, laughter is an important part of a relationship. Without it, our squad wouldn't have half the fun memories of what we did. That night was just one of the funniest things that happened that night, it was so humorous. Including being locked out of the bus, being kicked out of @ORGANIZATION2, and the best of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. Neither I nor anyone else present will ever forget that night.
From birth to adulthood, children are raised by their guardians or parents. Parents have a responsibility to teach their children good morals, life skills, and teach them how to cope and thrive in society. @CAPS24 Parenting requires firm and strict rules. However, as a result of this, children leave their parents ready to live their adult lives outside the home. It's safe to say that while I'm still a teenager, I've learned a lot about raising children. My knowledge comes mostly from the stories my parents and grandparents passed on to me about their life lessons. For me, it's very enjoyable to "participate" in these small but important pieces of history. I have to say that while many facts about the "good old days" are great, the most important to me are the almost tangible memories my family associates with laughter. My @CAPS1 grew up on @DATE1 in a small, modest house with her @CAPS1, @CAPS3 and four siblings. The main theme of the story I @CAPS1 tells about her childhood comes from dining table memories. This is her @CAPS5 (my @CAPS6) goal for his kids to learn proper manners and standard etiquette. Expect the kids of @PERSON3 to practice this by staying calm, courteous and paying attention to their physical behavior as they sit around the table to eat. That's a lot of questions for an ordinary, funny, causal, not-so-dignified @CAPS7 family. Throughout their childhood, my @CAPS1 and her siblings did their best to follow and act as directed at the dinner table. The only common occurrence that makes my @CAPS6 particularly unhappy is someone spilling their milk. This major event happens almost every night. When the milk spills, it's either the kid doing the fun business or going far to retrieve the butter pan. Whatever the reason, it was inexplicably hysterical funny when this happened. The only problem is that laughing at the dinner table is frowned upon as it seems to disrupt the formal atmosphere that the family strives for at dinner. Laughing and spilling milk are two behaviors that are discouraged at the dinner table. Spilled milk doesn't happen as often as kids get older, but that's not to say its presence on the dinner table has completely ceased. It wasn't my @CAPS1 who poured the milk one night, nor any of her siblings. Instead, it's my @CAPS6. When the initial incident happened, the whole family was in shock. To clean up the mess, everyone donated napkins while their @CAPS3 kept a controlled but disgruntled attitude. After everything was packed, the family continued to eat, a subtle but unmistakable smile on my @CAPS6 face. Years later, my @CAPS1 (@PERSON4), @PERSON1, @CAPS15 @CAPS16, @PERSON2 and @PERSON2 @CAPS17 have grown up, got married, and some even started their own families. Most of my @CAPS1 family lives in @LOCATION2, so they love to visit their @CAPS1 and @CAPS3 (my @CAPS21 and @CAPS6) on vacation or anytime. During this time when the whole family was able to gather at @LOCATION1, there was hardly a single somber or serious moment at the dinner table. As my @CAPS3 puts it, "@CAPS24 we laughed so hard that tears were streaming down our legs." I attribute our fun together to this bond of love that binds us all together, I Felt it wouldn't stand out as much without the laughter. I feel like my @CAPS6 (now in heaven with @CAPS21) accomplished his goal of getting his kids ready for life. Now that they're all grown up, they can relax, enjoy each other's company, and laugh at will even if there is a chance someone spills their milk.
Laughter brings happiness. Happiness is a key to life. Laughter is a communicative click with life and it gives you that warm feeling @CAPS1 you laughed. think about it. For example, @CAPS1 your first date with this awesome guy and you're excited but nervous because you don't know what he's going to do. With all these thoughts running through your head, will he like what I'm wearing? Does he think I'm pretty? What am I talking about? Trust me, I bet he thinks exactly like you. You get to the restaurant and he's a gentleman who pulls up a chair for you and is as sweet as possible. The first thing he does is make you laugh. Laughing really changes things doesn't it? Makes you feel comfortable with what you know. Now let's get it back. You say "hello" to him and you sit down and he talks about the most boring topics, talking a little bit quiet without smiling and letting you bring up all the topics to talk about. Witches couple do you think more is possible going forward? Is the first example correct? A smile illuminates everything. A smile makes people happy and comforting. I know laughter and smile are in the same category, I mean @CAPS1 you have a great laugh. @CAPS1 you laugh you have to laugh, usually @CAPS1 you laugh you are happy about something or someone. I love @CAPS1, people make me laugh and it makes you think it's going to be alright, @PERSON1 @CAPS1 not. People don't realize that part of communication is smiling and laughing, they're kind of ignoring and kind of like, you know boring witches make a person no fun. Everyone has to have some joy in life, and if not, there are people out there who can help. Do you notice gloomy people? Are people who have been sad all the time afraid of life? Mayer has been through a lot of tough times. Gosh, I can't even imagine what some people are going through, what some people are going through right now, but anyway, the smile brightens the heart out there. Makes them feel maybe not much, but better than they feel. Just show by a face that you don't know them, but maybe you feel like there's something bad done there, or you're hurting. I work @LOCATION1 as a waitress at a restaurant in my town. I love my job and I love to make people smile and laugh, it makes them feel comfortable. It was past noon when this lady walked into my work. We looked around and looked at all the other patrons, but not the ones sitting with sisters or brothers or even kids. It was the couples she looked at, she looked unhappy, in my opinion, she might be getting a divorce or a breakup, she looked sad. Knowing myself, all I want to do is help her and even put a smile on her face because I care. I went to her table and sat down, remembering that I didn't even know this lady. I looked at her and said "you know it's going to be alright" and smiled at her. Within seconds, her face lit up, as if the entire restaurant was lit up. She had a smile on her face. You know the little things in life make everything better.
When I think of laughter, I think of magical years. Although my memory is hazy, I still remember those times when I believed that friendship had no end and that laughter was the common medicine in every battle. Thinking back to my twelve year old @DATE2, I remember @CAPS7's adventures propelling me into the sky. Free-spirited and lacking in reality, I am an unstoppable soul. I am @CAPS2 alone. Through adventure and exploration, I have brought @CAPS7 a trusted opponent. Her name is @PERSON1 and she is @CAPS7's best friend. @PERSON1 lives in the country where the grass grows tall and the land is measured in acres. Through forests and streams you can find our hideaway; we call @CAPS3 our wonderland. Now, the creek with the bridge is just a forgotten place. On a typical @DATE1 @TIME1 in @DATE3, I drive to @PERSON2 to @PERSON1's home. Walking into her front door, I involuntarily smell fresh cinnamon scones drizzled with honey. The sweet smell sends chills down @CAPS7's spine. @PERSON1 walked down the stairs and hugged me. She braided her long black hair and wore a white sundress. Her brown, shimmering skin gleamed in the sun, and her dark brown eyes gave me a happy glow. I envy her with @CAPS7 heart and soul. Next to her, I was just a simple blond girl with a speckled complexion. In an instant, she fled to the window, looking out at the perfect blue skis. "@CAPS1 wow, finally @DATE2 is here," she whispered, before erupting, "@CAPS2 has another day with grumpy, insomniac peers, no more stuffy classrooms or annoying teachers. @CAPS6.. it's day one for many!" We burst out laughing when I made fun of her poetic outburst, but we're both new @CAPS3 every word is true. With a sigh, I looked at her stunning final dress and ran to the fields in her backyard. @PERSON1 grabbed a red cardigan and followed me with a basket in hand like little red riding hood. I frolicked in the grass like I was a radiant fox chasing prayers. As I paused to catch my breath, I encountered tall, slender grasses rhythmically blowing around me. Galloping towards our secret location, I only looked back once to find @PERSON1. As I turned to the @CAPS7 destination again, a branch met @CAPS7's vision and knocked me down painfully. Blood ran down @CAPS7's chin, leaving crimson droplets in the green grass. I took a deep breath, choked on the salty liquid, and realized she was standing there. @PERSON1 jumped up to @CAPS7 like a worried hare and helped me into the house. We went into the bathroom upstairs. Standing in front of her bathroom sink, I shed small tears. In the mirror, I could see a belligerent girl with a bloody slash on her chin, red eyes, and a mist. The pain is @CAPS2 @CAPS4 made me cry; @CAPS3 is the @CAPS7 look that let me down. For days people would ask "@CAPS4 in your face" and "@CAPS5! How did that @NUM1 come to @CAPS7 and scream, "@CAPS6, how are you? "@CAPS7's face turned bright red in a way I might have exploded. I turned to @PERSON1 and gasped, "@CAPS8! wonderful! ecstatic! Before this, I had a boring, simple look. Now, with this horrible blemish, I look even worse! I hate how beautiful you are @PERSON1. You are exotic, noble, and everything about you looks perfect! "@CAPS7's friends stood there, listening word for word. A confused expression slowly turned into a crooked smile. Suddenly, @PERSON1 laughed. Embarrassed, I walked to the door and thought Left, but she was silent, seemingly holding @CAPS7's arm. Shaking her off, I continued downstairs. "@CAPS10," she yelled at me, "I'm @CAPS2 agree with you anyway. @CAPS6 you @MONTH1 have a small cut on your jaw but you've always been beautiful and I think you're like a simple vole. Your blond, thinning hair turns into perfect curls, and your freckles accentuate your stunning turquoise eyes. I have always envied you! That's why I laugh! "I listened for a while, then burst into laughter. I ran up the stairs, hugged her tightly, and laughed a few more times. My beauty of hers and mine, totally irrelevant. Thinking of this, @CAPS7 cut The pain became obvious to me. Lee, her dad, fixed me with his sewing skills and every stitch, and I laughed through the pain with @PERSON1. Seven stitches and a nasty scar every day Both remind me that laughter can get you through the worst of times and that @CAPS3 builds lasting friendships.
The wind rose and fell, slapping the side of the house with all its might. My mom said she had never seen such a violent storm in her life. It shook the house and made it creak in odd places, like the floor. My @CAPS2 @PERSON1 is sitting at the kitchen table, thoughtful and worried. They rented a few acres of house, surrounded by trees, with very soft ground, soaked with rain and floodwater from the submerged valley. Hundreds of trees have been uprooted already, and there are sure to be more. The small homesteads resting near @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, including my dad's, are carefully constructed weathered farmhouses, mostly surrounded by hundreds of acres. You'd be surprised to find someone out there owns less than @NUM1 acres of land. Mainly wheat fields, but you can easily find corn fields, alfalfa fields, and you'll find rows and rows of blueberries the size of only @NUM2 that can fit in a palm or hand. It is actually heaven on earth, a small piece of heaven that has been accidentally or deliberately thrown to the ground. The sun is so bright and the sky is the clearest, freshest blue. The sky looks like it's covered with giant cotton sheets as the weather rolls in the huge fluffy clouds. All of this stretches out onto such a flat land that you wonder if it could possibly be real. I've had many wonderful, laugh-filled summers there. Run barefoot across fields and play in large lush green meadows. Feeding goats, chickens and pigs with my siblings. On @DATE1, my mom said she had never seen such a beautiful place turned so ugly in such a short period of time. My mom said if she knew what was going to happen that day, she would never have let them in that car. My dad @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @PERSON2 pulled down from the driveway. Since this is a small car, my @CAPS2 voluntarily sits in the back. The storm has been fierce for more than two hours and shows no sign of abating. They've set out to see what damage has been done on their acres and see what needs to be fixed once the storm hits the mountains. No explanation, no one understands why my @CAPS3 walked away without even a scratch. No one knows how the tree fell or why it only landed on the back end of the car, but it did happen. The hand of God swept down, causing destruction. My @CAPS2 was killed instantly and my dad was badly injured but alive. He was in the hospital for several weeks, and in those weeks news of the accident spread like wildfire through the town. Everyone loves my @CAPS2, she's the social butterfly that flies from one person to another, laughing, talking, sharing tears and joy. She knew everyone and everyone knew her. On that day, the sky cried and the raindrops fell, as if the whole world was crying, just for you, just to share your grief. Losing a loved one is painful. My dad cried, he sobbed until he didn't have the strength to feel any emotion. He loves her so much, he needs her. That day, lightning struck the huge, tall and proud oak tree in my dad's backyard. It was the same tree that my grandparents had their initials on. Lightning split the top of the giant oak tree in two. Everyone saw it as a symbol of how quickly and powerfully my dad and @CAPS2 were separated. But, just a few days before my dad came home from the hospital, my dad climbed up that huge oak tree and chained the broken part up. With this, my father became a symbol of himself, saying that you will always be together, just not physically, but you will never really be apart. The day my dad came home, he saw the giant oak tree, and for the first time in weeks there was a glimmer of understanding in his eyes. A little hope overwhelmed everything again. Her funeral was a beautiful thing, elegant, simple, beautiful, just like her. The whole town came and they reminisced for hours telling the story of my @CAPS2 and her crazy and cute nature. Then came from across the room. Small at first, then louder and louder. laughter. A smile, yes, there were tears in that laughter, but it was still laughter, and I've never seen the phrase "laughter is the best medicine" do justice better. My @CAPS2 is someone who sees laughter, love, faith and hope as the necessities of life. She brought joy to so many people, and now they are paying back.
It was watching @CAPS1 when we were little. When I was in junior high school, I saw a child squirting milk out of his nose. But now, as we approach our high school years, for our own reasons, we hold back our giggles, suppressed outbursts, and laughed until weeping. We can't hold back the inevitable laughter. Some people say that laughter is the best medicine, but for my sister and I, that's not the case; laughter only causes us more trouble. No matter how many times we've been trained, someone will always find their way back to each other's room, purely because we're nosy. I remember a few summers ago when I saw @PERSON1, my sister, put a bag of chocolates under her mattress. It's possible it's gone, but I have no doubt it's still there. But when the mattress was lifted, when I started reaching for it, the bed was pushed back almost smashing my fingers. @PERSON1 stood there with vengeful eyes, hands on hips. what can I say? what can I do? A scream escaped from my mouth and I rushed for the door before she got angry at me. I ran up the stairs, around the sofa, and across the kitchen; but not fast enough. Before I locked myself in the bathroom, she grabbed my ponytail and yanked it hard. I'm a nine year old with hair pulling, all @CAPS2. But luckily my @CAPS4 heard my screams and came to investigate so no more damage was done. Fighting is a no-no in our house, but that didn't stop us. @CAPS4 the punishment is trivial, we can hug and make up, or stand in the corner. The anger in @LOCATION1's eyes has disappeared, and a meaningful smile emerges from the corner of his mouth. @CAPS4 still trying to play strict parents, but for us the past four minutes are now just a joke. "@CAPS3," she said, one word, one meaning, that's it. We burst into a burst of giggles and laughter. While it's impossible for @CAPS4 to know this, we don't mean disrespect, but can't keep silent. Loud laughter in the hallway, too loud for @CAPS4 to hear. Grabbing our hands and pulling us towards the living room, we were dragged half way because we were shaking so badly. We stood ten feet apart, eyes fixed at a ninety-degree angle in front of our noses. But one looked at each other, and there was another giggling in our tiny bodies. If you're not getting better now, we might be intoxicated, but we're really just two naughty kids playing. We all have reasons to laugh. Maybe your reason is as simple as reading an email that makes you laugh to tears. Maybe it's because my amateur writing style is a joke to you, or maybe you too just witnessed a kid squirting chocolate milk through his nose. We all have things in our lives that make us want to roll on the floor, or slap our knees; but in my experience, it's very hard to hold back, so let it go.
When I hang out with my friend @PERSON2 and our friends from @LOCATION1. We know how to get there, but we don't know how we're going to get back, but know we don't care, we just want to have fun. We had a great time outside, but then it got dark and we needed a ride home. Then I decided to call my dad to see if he would come and pick us up. After meeting my dad, he thought it was really funny that my friends and I were stuck in @LOCATION1, so he started laughing. After he was still laughing, I asked if you could come pick us up because it was getting dark and he said no because it wasn't his fault I was stuck there. So @PERSON2 said "why don't I call my dad to see if he can", so she did, but just like my dad, he started laughing and saying no. Later on @PERSON2 I ran out of people to call. So we said to each other, why don't we worry about him in the future, it's really not that dark, we can all stay a little longer. After I thought about that throw, I knew we should start worrying because it's going to get darker than it is now, and then we don't dare to hitch a ride home. So I told @PERSON2 we should keep trying others when we hang out more with friends, but she doesn't care. I called my sister @PERSON1 to see if she would help me pick us up from @LOCATION1. I call her but she doesn't answer her calls. An hour passed and we still couldn't think of someone, but then I thought maybe another sister of mine @CAPS1 she's always helping me, I called her and asked if she could, she said yes, I'll be there There to pick you up in @NUM1 minutes. So I went to tell @PERSON2 the good news, I sent us home and we don't have to worry anymore. When I got back to the park she was gone and I thought she was going to the bathroom so I went to check the bathroom for her but she wasn't there either. I thought to myself, where would she go. I was starting to get really worried if she would go, so I walked around looking for her. So I looked at my watch and saw that my sister was coming in ten minutes before I realized she was shopping for food at the store and she didn't tell me. I was really pissed at her because she didn't tell me where she went but I thought to myself it's ok so why am I making a fuss about it and then I heard someone beep and that's my sister @CAPS1 I see It was really nice to get to her because I just wanted to go home and sleep all night and all day. We got in the car and my sister asked me why didn't I give my dad a ride? I told her I did, but he didn't want to pick me up because if I could get here, why couldn't I go home. She started laughing at me, thinking it was the funniest thing my dad ever did. We went out to Burger King and had two salads after we dropped my friend @PERSON2. When I got home, my dad asked who brought me, and I told him my sister came to me and took me out to dinner. After being stuck in @LOCATION1 for so long and having no way to get there, I just went to my room to sleep because it's been a very long day for me and my pore-tinted feet. The next morning I didn't wake up until @NUM2 in @TIME1. My dad thought I needed to wake up, so he went to my room to wake me up and told me I needed to eat and get some fresh air. I woke up, took a shower, ate something and walked a short walk because my feet were still hurting yesterday. When I went for a walk, I was thinking I shouldn't be going to @LOCATION1 without making sure to have a car home, but I'm so thankful my sister came to pick me up, don't get mad or even yell at me. When I got home, I called my sister and told her I was really grateful that she was able to pick me up and my friends and even take me out to dinner.
It's a normal sunny day on the country hills of @ORGANIZATION1. The sun is out and shining on the creek where I, my twin brother and my best friend are swimming. The creek is great. It's a deep swimming hole where all the neighbor kids swim in. Since all the other kids were either too old and too busy to swim or too young, only the three of us were swimming in the creek at @DATE1. We love it. It helps us cool down on a hot day. We play games like @PERSON1 and tag in the water. There's even a rope swing for a little brigade made by an older kid. The swimming hole is where @DATE1 is. Finally, we were hungry and tired of swimming in the hole for a while. We will use this trail to walk back to my house. This trail is the fastest way to get home. From the trails, farm animals can be seen grazing in the sun-drenched fields. The day we took the trail was a little different than usual. All farm animals are making noise. A farm worker walks along the path, listening to the bells. He said one of his goats had come out. He warned us that the goat was a bit mean and to keep our distance if we saw it. So we took the warning and moved on. When we got to the gravel road leading to my house, @PERSON2 said she heard a bell. My brother and I didn't believe her at all. We thought she was kidding us again. We walked about @NUM1 seconds. Suddenly @PERSON2 ran screaming! My brother and I turned around and saw that white goat with big horns was chasing us! We run as fast as we can. I tripped on my foot and fell. I get up as fast as I can and sprint faster. I can say my adrenaline is up because I run really fast and I'm not tired. We got to the wire fence around my house. We all stopped to question whether we could skip it. The goats are getting closer and we don't have much time to decide what weather we can or can't do. My brother was the first to dance. Of course he did, and so did @ORGANIZATION2. I am the last one. I started to panic in my head. I took a step back, ran over, and jumped over the fence. I thought I'd make it, but then my foot hit the fence and I jumped over the fence, face down. It was so embarrassing. My friends and brothers are laughing at me. I could tell my face was flushed and I was so angry I fell. again. Although I still find myself laughing. The goat stopped in front of the fence and started pounding it with his horns. It made me jump and run. I was diving in a rowboat and it was my brother and friend and I said oh my ranta this is the funniest and scariest thing I have ever experienced on @DATE1. When we were running where we were laughing we walked to the house and talked about each other's faces and how funny it was for me to face it. They made fun of my face when the goats started dashing for the fence. Even though I was embarrassed about tripping over the fence, I still found myself laughing and making fun of what happened. I have to say it was the best day ever for @DATE1. We got up and went to my house, walked into the kitchen, and found my mom laughing and crying. We all asked her what was funny and she said she saw the whole thing from the window. We all started laughing until we all cried. When they all came over for dinner, we all told the story to our parents and they laughed and laughed. By the end of @TIME1, all of our cheeks were hurt. Laughter is great. It fixes the soul. Plus it's a great abs workout! ! ! !
Laughter in Love The most important thing in love is laughter. Laughter is something we all need to move us forward with the world and the responsibilities we do all day because we often feel down. So one of the things that helped us was laughter. If someone is upset, that person might watch a comedy movie or read a comic about funny or humorous characters. But a lot of people like to talk to someone when they're upset and need them to cheer up. When I used to feel uneasy about my studies and not having a job. After a fight with my working mom, I went out for a walk. About my grades dropping. My mom was mad at me and my dad was mad at me because they knew my abilities were much better than my grades. My parents knew that I wanted to do a job to buy what I wanted. They didn't think it was inappropriate to hang around for work without caring about my grades. When I was walking by the lake, I heard someone playing the guitar, he was playing well, and I wanted to meet that person right away. I tried to find him, but I couldn't, and in the end I just sat down and wondered who that person might be. Suddenly, a boy came to me with a guitar and asked me what time it was. I told him the time and asked him where he learned to play the guitar so beautifully. So he told me he was interested in playing guitar and he wanted to join a band. We all shared how we felt we couldn't even understand what we never told anyone we were telling each other @CAPS1 After that meeting we became close friends and we see each other every day. He knew I was nervous, so he often played guitar for me and we sang together. He also told me jokes and I knew he did it all for me and sometimes I just kept quiet and didn't respond to his jokes. He got more nervous because I didn't laugh or smile. But I didn't realize I was actually hurting him by doing this. But he never lost hope in me, he kept telling me funny stories and we talked on the phone all night just to make me a little nervous and not make me laugh. So one day he took me to @ORGANIZATION1's for lunch because he knew that was my favorite place and I love going to theirs. He took me to a comedy movie about superheroes, but none of them made me laugh. I have always been in his arms. But after watching the movie, he took me to the most beautiful place, near the beach, the whole place was decorated with colorful lights, we sat on the swing and chatted. Now he knows how he can make me happy, he tells me jokes, we read comic books, and surprisingly, I start to like his jokes and the comics we read. Whenever I see him, he does something special for me and makes me laugh. He used to dress up as a clown and try to juggle the ball, but he didn't do it very well, and I laughed badly at him. I know it's rude to laugh at him, but I love being around him. One day he came to my house and we were talking and he held my hand and proposed to me. I'm really happy to hear this, he brought me the most beautiful ring ever. He proposed to me and took me out for a ride, and gave me some advice in a very respectful way, rather than letting me down on purpose. But I've never met someone like him who told me that laughing and smiling is good for life. No matter what happens tomorrow, we still have such a wonderful life waiting for us today, why should we care. We have to live the way we want and not force ourselves to change just to take life seriously. He held my hand and put his arm around me and said @CAPS2 No matter how much we love each other but laughter is important in a relationship, I looked at him and asked him why? So he replied that we must be happy, healthy, and together. After we were there for a while, he sent me home and told me to live because who knows if we'll be alive tomorrow. From that moment I realized he was right, I looked at life from a different perspective that day and decided to live it in a better way so I could laugh and enjoy.
I used to love hermit crabs. Cute little animals hiding in seashells fascinate me. When I was about six, my family decided to take a road trip along the @CAPS1 coastline. We were accompanied by another family with four children. That adds up to @NUM1 kids for me to play with, but the closest to my age is @PERSON1. He is only a few years older than me. I love @PERSON1. We explore, swim, giggle, and tease our siblings together. I did everything he did. We went to a lot of different beaches, I don't remember half of them, but one stood out in particular. It was a short, thin beach. There is a cave on one side. The cave is full of hermit crabs. I have never seen so many in my life. There are mini hermit crabs, giant hermit crabs, and even bigger hermit crabs! It was as if our dreams had come true. @PERSON1 and I created sandcastles, prisons and waterways to control hermit crabs. Our older siblings are not interested in them at all. But that's okay, in our opinion, it means so much more to us! When it came time to leave, @PERSON1 and I were devastated. We all know we won't just come across another beach like this in the future. What finally struck us was that we would not be able to keep our beloved crab. We spent a few hours on the beach near the cave just to say "goodbye". When my mom finally yelled at the beach that it was time to go, we both made a quick decision. I've seen girls stuff shells into their swimsuits before. I thought why not? @PERSON1 loved the idea, so we silently tucked two recluses into our swim trunks. His crab was in the pocket of his shorts, mine was in my one-piece swimsuit. It sags at the bottom, but I decided to ignore it and pretend there's nothing wrong with it. The guilt weighed on my scrawny little body like I stuffed a ten-pound rock in my suit instead of a tiny crab. My mom asked me directly if I left all the hermit crabs on the beach. I nodded, but my voice was gone. Back on the road, my sister and I played word games. Everything was fine, the music was playing and my parents were talking. Our wheels rolled on tight dirt roads. Every once in a while I have to move a little because I can feel my little hermit crab checking its surroundings. We had been driving for about an hour when I let out the creepy scream. When my dad slammed on the brakes, dust swirled around the car like a hurricane. I remember my mom turning around to look at me in her seat and asking what was wrong. I did not answer. When the pliers took hold again, I let out another urgent scream. Then I decided it was time to stop hiding my little friend in the bottom of my swimsuit. With one last long shriek, I pointed to my crotch. My sister took off my swimsuit eagerly, and soon found the little devil. I felt so embarrassed and guilty, my mom just laughed. She said I had been punished for lying and she thought I had learned my lesson. I certainly wouldn't disagree with this. After a few minutes, our friend also stopped. When we asked if all was well, they laughed and said one of the girls got caught by @PERSON1's hermit crab. It made us all laugh. We never stopped laughing at that story. My family likes to humiliate me in front of friends, people I like, or adults I don't even know. We laugh every time my mom says that the crab caught "the important place". Every time I am embarrassed to turn my tomatoes red, but I think I deserve it. Both @PERSON1 and I learned a lesson, although I think I learned a few extra lessons. First, never place animals near your "sensitive" parts. The second lesson is don't lie, because in the end you are likely to be caught and punished. The last lesson has to be learning how to enjoy something when you have it, and when it's time to let it go, let it go, and thank you for your time to enjoy it. If I could say goodbye to my bombarded friend, I wouldn't lie or feel so miserable. They are all important lessons to learn and I am very grateful for them. Not only because I'm getting smarter, but because I have a great story to tell that always makes people laugh.
Laughter is an important part of life. Or that's what I believed in and grew up with. "A day without laughing is a day wasted." @CAPS1's famous quote has greatly influenced my life. and people in my life. My mother is a very playful person. People told her she should be a comedian. Obviously our family story is interesting. Mainly because they involved my brother in some way. He is adventurous, spontaneous and not afraid of anything. Sometimes his decisions are not the wisest. Most of the stories my mom told started when my brother was a kid. She especially likes to talk about one. When my brother was younger, he loved participating in adrenaline-based activities. Loves extreme rollerblading, biking and skateboarding. He will try to do every trick in the book and then some. However, @CAPS1's story doesn't include him getting hurt or anyone else getting hurt. This is surprising since he seems to hurt himself or his best friend @CAPS2 every day. When I was about eight or nine and my brother was eleven or twelve, we were at one of my football games. My brother had to go to the toilet and my mom was upset when he came back. He went to use the potty, he just bought two new shirts; a white T-shirt with new buttons on. It was a hot afternoon, so he took off his new white T-shirt, but kept it buttoned. Unfortunately, he lost his white shirt. He threw it into the rancid, disgusting feces. If @CAPS4 asked him, it was a total accident and my mom wasn't happy about it. My mother is the most laughable person in the family. I keep thinking about her words of wisdom, "@CAPS3 When it seems like nothing could be better, think about the positives in your life and laugh. Because really, that's what @CAPS4 can do. If @CAPS4 Embarrassing myself in front of a lot of people @CAPS4 needs to laugh it off. If @CAPS4 can laugh, it doesn't matter if everyone else." @CAPS4 needs to live a life somehow. Better to be the best, laughter is the best. It puts me in a better mood and makes me feel at home. There are many stories about what my brother did, or how blond I was. But at the end of the day, what matters is that we can laugh about something every day. It brings us closer. "A day without laughing is a waste of a day."
Laughter connects me @PERSON1 my friends. This is a very important aspect in any relationship. I know almost all my memories are of my friends making me laugh, @PERSON1 We've been friends for a long time. One of my favorite funny memories is the time I @PERSON1 my two friends went to @LOCATION1 @PERSON1 stopped at @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2...we were kind of having a hard time getting away. I @PERSON1 my friend @PERSON1 goes to @LOCATION1 for a cultural performance at @ORGANIZATION1. When we were done, we started going home. @PERSON1 has been complaining about the need to use the restroom. Her dad told her to wait until we get to @LOCATION2 so we can stop somewhere. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 I suggest @ORGANIZATION2. We were potty dancing when we got to @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 I lined up to order chocolate dipped ice cream cones. While we were waiting, @PERSON1 was looking for the restroom. After about four minutes of searching, @PERSON1 finally asked the lady behind the counter where the bathroom was. She hands @PERSON1 a key with a large, bulky wreath on it @PERSON1 tells her it's at the back of the building. @PERSON1 takes the key @PERSON1 sprints to what appears to be a double lane. @PERSON1 hardly knew that only the left door was open. She ran straight into the door on the right @PERSON1 fell. We all started laughing...especially @PERSON1. She laughed so hard that she didn't quite go to the bathroom. Instead, she had an "accident" on the floor of @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2. When you can laugh with your friends about things that others might not find fun, like getting yourself wet in public, it only makes your friendship stronger. In any relationship, laughter is a huge and important benefit. It strengthens the relationships you already have @PERSON1 It also helps in building new ones.
My @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is a warm @DATE1 @TIME1 in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. The stars are all out, but not a single cloud can be seen. The weekend is over as usual with most of the family; as well as some friends. I'm just a little girl who loves everyone and everything, especially lol. Anyone can make me laugh, smile, and have fun. However, one can make me laugh for hours on end. That person is my @CAPS1. My @CAPS1, @PERSON1 came over to hang out with the rest of my family and friends. He was talking and laughing and having a good time. Of course, I was only about five or six years old at the time; but to me, my @CAPS1 was the coolest guy in the world besides my dad. That @TIME1, I play with my friends and don't really pay attention to all the adults. Suddenly my @CAPS1 came up to me, gave me a big hug and started talking to me. I am very happy. Since I love to joke and laugh, I'm happy to get all the attention. I used to call them laugh attacks. Whenever my @CAPS1 talks to me, I start laughing and I can't stop laughing. @TIME1, I have one of these. My @CAPS1 and I are joking and making fun of each other. Then, out of nowhere, I realized I was laughing so hard that my stomach hurt. @CAPS2 lasted about an hour. That was long after my @CAPS1 left and went back to being an adult. My friend @LOCATION2 sat next to me and tried to make me stop laughing. She laughed too, but not me. Finally, after more than an hour, I calmed myself down. The rest of @TIME1 is great, but every once in a while, I start laughing again. There is absolutely no way I can stop giggling until I go to bed. After a long time playing @TIME1, everyone left and went home. When my @CAPS1 came to say goodbye, I was saddened by his departure, but I knew I would see him again. The next day, I was right to be able to stop laughing. I'm still smiling and hanging out with my family, but I'm not laughing uncontrollably. My @CAPS1 was and still is an important part of my life. He always makes me laugh and forget all my troubles. Even though I no longer live near him, I can still talk to him on the phone and have a good laugh with him. When I went to visit him at @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 it seemed like we just started where they left off. It didn't even occur to us that we hadn't seen each other for a long time. My @CAPS1 was by my side when my dad passed away. He is the only male figure in my life. After all I've been through, I can always count on him to brighten the mood and make me laugh, or at least smile. People do need people like me @CAPS1 in their lives. @CAPS2 It really helps to know that you have someone who loves you and can brighten your day. All you have to do is talk to him. My relationship with @CAPS1 is very close, and one of the things that keeps @CAPS2 that way is all the laughs we've shared over the years. Laughter is an important part of everyone's life. I grew up with laughter and the idea of always being happy. Throughout my life I have had to deal with pain, loss and grief. However, after everything I've been through, I can always laugh. When I was eleven years old, my father died. My parents got divorced when I was very young. No matter how much these things hurt me, I'm not going to stop laughing and go on with my life.
Laughter @CAPS1 is funny, usually when I'm offline for some reason @CAPS1 is funny to me. I laughed out of the hole in the rapids. I've encountered a lot of knockdown whales while kayaking, @CAPS2 I think the day I ran the whitefish swim was probably the worst I've ever been down. I like to call that day @CAPS5 beat. @CAPS4 is a very good day, I think @CAPS4 is just a normal day for the whitefish, @CAPS2 Oh, I was wrong. As soon as @PERSON3, @PERSON2 and I parked the car, the bad news started. @PERSON3 brought the wrong size spray skirt for his creek boat. I have no doubt that we can overcome this problem. The spray skirt barely fit in the end, @CAPS4 used the strength of the three of us to put on @CAPS4. We found ourselves after a long trek through the empty riverbed. It's a fairly simple input, you start by finding an out of place on the @NUM1 foot rock slide. Once you find your spot, you simply slide off the rock and into the water from seven feet up. Unfortunately @CAPS4 it wasn't that easy for me, I slid off rocks and was pretty good @CAPS2 I barely knew I didn't keep my spray skirt on all the time so when I fell into about a gallon of water Ran into my boat around the time. I don't give much thought to @CAPS4 because @CAPS4 is only a gallon. I actually thought @CAPS4 was kind of fun, which made my gut feel good because I was rowing a big boat that fit my size that day, so I thought @CAPS4 would help distribute my weight a little bit. Since I didn't empty my boat, we just started rowing down the river. The first few rapids were no big deal, I poked all the holes, and I think I did a good job because @CAPS4 there was a time when I paddled through it. We were about halfway through when I started to realize how rough the river was, I rolled as fast as I could, smiling every time, @CAPS2 I can't get out, is there a way to get out of this canyon, both sides of us At least with @DATE1 footwall, the only way out is to go down the river! Our trip is almost over and @CAPS2 only has one big drop left to conquer. @CAPS5 drop, @NUM2 feet (depending on who you ask) pure white water. This drop doesn't look like any normal waterfall, in fact this drop doesn't look like a waterfall at all, you will definitely feel free fall @CAPS2, the hydraulics of the water are nothing like a waterfall. What happens on the descent is that the canyon narrows and when all the water flows over the ledge @CAPS4 a hole is created at the bottom. @CAPS4 also sticks out at the bottom, so there's a lot of water boiling against the current, so getting you stuck in that hole at @CAPS1 is like trying to paddle up a hill, there's basically no way to paddle the hole. You just have to hope for the best, hold your breath, and stay calm. We tested @CAPS5 falls and you can only catch @NUM3 vortices before falling, so you can scout @CAPS4. Funny thing is when I was trying to do a second @PERSON1 my boat was knocked out by @PERSON3's boat and that little bump ended up flipping me upside down and making me spin back and at this point, I can't do anything about the next few minutes of my life. So I jumped down from the waterfall and dipped in a huge patch of white water for about a minute and a half, only a short time before I could get a breath of air. I survived @CAPS4 without pulling my spray skirt because I don't want to drink from my shoes (don't ask) because I have no way of knowing what will happen if I end up ejecting from the boat I'm in this monster. I'm powered via @CAPS4 and only one short minute seems like a lifetime to me. I ended up being washed downstream and rolled up completely unscathed. I had the biggest smile on my face and my heart was beating as I rolled up. If I didn't come into the day with a good attitude and needed a laugh in my head when I screwed up, I don't think I would have made @CAPS4. All in all, laughing saved my life!
I've always tried to be a happy person, and over time I've learned that laughter is a key component of my happiness. I managed to become a happy girl. Even as a baby, I hardly ever cried; I was always laughing and giggling. As I've grown up, I've struggled to maintain my take-it-yourself spirit. Sometimes that's not the case, but that's the reality. There are many times in my life when laughter surrounds me. I rely on laughter to keep me close to my friends, and that trust has been there and has worked for me so far. I often find myself remembering that laughter and happiness are what life is all about. When I was born, I didn't cry. I never cried a lot when I was a kid. My mom reminds me of this whenever I ask about my baby years. As a young kid, I wanted to be a part of everything around me! I'm always looking for laughs and exciting events; I don't want to miss a beat! My mom had to drive me to take a nap, and even then I barely slept. Because if I did, @CAPS1 banned, I might have missed a joke! If others are laughing, I am laughing with them. Sometimes, I don't know what's going on, or I wonder why they're saying it so funny, but I like the feeling of laughing with other people. Whenever I see pictures of my babies, I always think of my happy toddler years. I don't have a picture that makes me cry like you see in most baby pictures of kids. In every picture of my baby, I'm smiling. If I don't smile, there's a big smile going from ear to ear! Laughter is the baby that makes me happy! As a pre-teen me, I'm still that girl you always see laughing and smiling. I sometimes wonder what it's like to cry because I've never felt this way before. I was so engrossed in laughter that I never had time to think about the negatives. Now, unfortunately, I know the feelings of sadness and depression, and I'm trying very hard to go back to a time when I didn't know these feelings. Whenever I'm feeling down, I try to find laughter in everything I do. When I try this, I always find laughter and my spirits come back. My friends are always a place where I can pick me up. Especially @PERSON1, he is my best friend. Every time I'm with her, I find myself laughing for some reason. @PERSON1 and I don't have the strongest friendship, but it's laughter that always brings us closer again. Our fights always end when we find common ground on interesting things. Usually, she's the one who finds this out, and she makes me laugh. Laughter has brought @LOCATION1 and me so close over the past few years. If laughter didn't exist, I can assure you, we wouldn't be friends now! Not long ago, I was in the car with three of my closest friends: @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 and @PERSON2. We were all laughing and singing one of our favorite songs as loudly as we could. I look at my friends and see all their smiling faces and I find myself smiling too. That's when I realized that laughter is the real meaning of life. Laughter is what has kept me close to all my peers throughout my life. As a kid, I was drawn to the people with whom I had the most fun and the people with whom I laughed the most. As I get older, the same thoughts persist; I want to be around people who make me laugh. The older I get, the more I understand what I need friends for. My main criterion is someone who can make me laugh. If I'm with someone who has a dry sense of humour and doesn't talk at all, I'm going to find someone who is funny and hilarious! Laughter is something I am very grateful for. This is the key to making me happy in these fifteen years of my life! The laughter has been and always will be, from when I was a baby to now, this is my life!
Laughter made everything better when I was at @LOCATION1 with my cousin @CAPS1. He's going to @CAPS2 soon, so spending time together is the main goal. @CAPS1 and I are close and we talk as much as possible over the phone. This trip means a lot to @CAPS1 and me, and we don't know how long it will be before we meet again. Every laugh, every smile, is something we will always remember. My parents and I went to @LOCATION1 for @CAPS4. At @LOCATION1 I met my cousins because my parents seem to be busy all the time. Of course, when there's a group of teenagers, it gets loud. I remember - on our @DATE1 at @LOCATION1 - my cousins and I got lost in our town. Now let me say that in that town no one gets lost, it's so small. So when we get lost, we find it so fun and incredible that we get lost. Luckily, that was during @DATE1, and it wasn't too scary. My cousin and I said it wasn't our fault and we blamed the taxi driver for not listening to our instructions. Because it was such a fun mess, we didn't stop laughing until we got to our destination. In the car, the three of us were arguing about where to go and what turn to turn, while the taxi driver just listened and laughed at us. It's so embarrassing, we don't want to see that taxi driver again. @CAPS1 is older and taller than me, he's the tallest guy in town. Now @CAPS1 is always talking about how fearless he is, how brave he is. Until one night, @CAPS1 spent @TIME1 and it was all forgotten. I live in a room with my two other cousins, @CAPS1 and my brother live in the room next door to us. It was about @TIME1 and we were all in bed. We suddenly heard strange noises from outside the room. The next thing I heard was @CAPS1 yelling in the other room trying to sleep with us. I was scared too, so my cousin and I decided to let him in. I turned on the lights when @CAPS1 and my brother entered the room. My brother @PERSON3 came in with all the blankets and pillows and @CAPS1 came in with the air bed. It was such a funny sight that we all started laughing. We laughed even more when @CAPS1 said "I @MONTH1 is big and tall but I'm easily scared". The sound turned out to be two cats fighting in the street. I remember this moment vividly as it ended our entire vacation as a family. When my parents and grandparents were on the front lawn with all the guests. My cousin @PERSON3 and I were in my room - like the funny moments that often happen in my room - we were just bored and didn't know what to do. Slowly, I started falling asleep on the suitcase. Suddenly my cousin @PERSON1 had this crazy idea of how I could fit into a suitcase. I thought she was joking, but when I looked up and saw everyone's faces, I knew they were serious. So here I open a suitcase and get everything out while @CAPS1 goes to get his camera. The next thing I knew I was going to get into the suitcase. I'm not an acrobat and I'm not very nimble, so I freaked out when I noticed that I could get into the suitcase without a hitch. My brother laughed so hard he almost pissed his pants and my cousins were baffled by what they were witnessing. While zipping the suitcase, I told them it was too far, but they convinced me to zip it up so they could roll me up. @CAPS1, @PERSON1 my brother and my third cousin @PERSON2 all took turns rolling me around. They kept saying how we should surprise my parents by going out on the front lawn. I got out of the suitcase - I felt dizzy - after my brother dropped the suitcase on the concrete floor. We laughed and joked about how small I was and how funny it was after I felt a little better. @CAPS1 has since called me "@CAPS13". Saying goodbye to everyone is hard, but saying goodbye to my cousin @CAPS1 is even harder. Knowing that I won't see him for a long time, I really can't stand it. @CAPS1 and I have a strong bond and I see him as a brother. Throughout our journey, none of us could say he would go, choosing to just have fun and ignore the pain. Laughing made the pain go away. It made our trip worthwhile.
My best friend @PERSON2 turned thirteen on a wonderful @DATE1. Her family owns a boat, and since the weather wasn't too hot, but not so cold that it was cold outside, @PERSON2 decided to throw an overnight birthday party on deck with her closest friends. I was nervous about seeing her school friends because I've always been homeschooled and wouldn't know anyone else there. When I got to the boat, @PERSON2 introduced me to her friends @PERSON1, @PERSON3 and @PERSON4. I say hi to all of them, @PERSON2 suggested we go to @CAPS2. I was about to go to the beach but @PERSON4 said she wanted to go to @CAPS2 on the pier. No @CAPS2 allowed on board, I'm sure @PERSON2 would say @CAPS1 right away, but she walked over to the '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' sign, ripped it off, and threw it in port. Her friend laughed, and so did I. I've never seen people do this. But their disregard for rules and customs is contagious. Over time, I watched them speak and act. The girls use bad words and speak bluntly. Everything they said was loud and shocking, and everything they did was wild and challenged authority. They act so freely, yet their interaction seems forced. I wonder if they are really like this or just pretending. But I understand that to be part of them, I have to act like them. This was the first time I experienced peer pressure and I didn't know what to do. But girls have a simple attitude, so I adapted and started acting like them. But I am well aware that in order to have a group there must be someone who is not in the group. That's @PERSON3. @PERSON2's parents let her invite @PERSON3 and @PERSON4, @PERSON1 knows it. They would sit close together so she didn't have enough space, and when she tried to make a joke, they would look at her unhappily without laughing. I'm starting to realize that if I hadn't adjusted to the attitude of the girls that quickly, I might have been someone they missed. I also know that if I do something wrong, they can still attack me. We were sitting on the deck of the boat talking about the movie and @PERSON3 was trying to tell the group that she just watched it and is now her favorite one. @PERSON1 stared at her, refusing to smile. @PERSON4 looking into space. @PERSON2 rolled his eyes at me. Suddenly, @PERSON1 interrupted @PERSON3 to talk about a horror movie she just watched. @PERSON3 wide-eyed, looking down at the ground. Without thinking, I smiled and reached out and told her I wanted to hear more about the movie. I'll never forget how excited she was for that simple kindness. She smiled and began gushing about how amazing the renewed enthusiasm was. @PERSON1 continues her story while watching @PERSON3 and me. @TIME1, when we went to the cinema, the girls chose to sit in one row with only four spaces, I moved to the next row to sit with @PERSON3. We talked about the absurdity of sippy drinks and how we would never wear skinny jeans. Talking to her is easy. I don't have to run everything I say in my head to make sure it doesn't make anyone dislike me. Even @TIME1, I tried to act the same way when we got back on the boat. I've never had to focus on being myself before, but I know if I could, @PERSON3 would have someone to talk to. To my surprise, everyone became more natural. Soon we were all joking about what ridiculous things @PERSON2 should have promised with her birthday wishes. I recommend a lifetime supply of marshmallows. @PERSON4 suggested using @CAPS4's original @CAPS3. @PERSON3 suggests wishing that everyone in America will be able to speak with the @CAPS5 accent on @PERSON2's birthday from now on. Everyone laughed. I saw that day that kindness is more powerful than rudeness. Making someone an enemy or an outsider does not make a friendship stronger. And don't worry about saying or doing things that might make your friends reject you. But integrity and kindness can bring people closer together.
Closer to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 In life, I think laughter is a very important element. Without it, nothing seems so interesting. Laughter can be a wonderful thing, or it can be a little hurtful at times. Fortunately, my story is full of laughter. So, I'm going to tell a story of my laughter adventure. It all started one day at home with my cousin @ORGANIZATION1. It's almost a normal day. Mom is hanging out in town and Dad is working. @ORGANIZATION1 and I had a great day because it was @DATE1. This means that the school is only open until eleven o'clock. Mom was hanging out around town, and we don't think she'll be home for a long time. This gives us enough time to get everything done. The first thing we usually do after Mom is gone is to go get our music and turn it up @CAPS3. Since it was just the two of us at home, we didn't care how big it was. However, that particular @DATE1 surprised us. Since this seems to be a "natural high" day, that's weird enough. We feel very positive about high energy. We are almost ready for everything. While we were cleaning the kitchen, the music was so loud we could barely understand each other's conversations. Then @CAPS5 the music stopped for a while and the kitchen was just a silent hurried cleaning. @ORGANIZATION1 is very similar to mine. Too strange. Sometimes I feel like she's just my sister, not my cousin. Anyway, out of nowhere I don't think we realize we're singing the same song at the same time. Once we realized we were doing the same thing, it kind of creeped us out! We thought to ourselves..."@CAPS4, how can two people be so similar?!" @CAPS5 happened and we continued to do our work. '@CAPS6 We've been doing a lot of the same things today. We are very @CAPS2, a lot like sisters. I will miss her so much when she leaves!
Laughter...what is laughter? Laughter is the source of how the world works. It makes friendships and relationships click. Laughter can lead to romance to marriage. Without laughter, people are sad and depressed. They step on their feet when they walk. People feel stressed all the time. There will be more wars. The world cannot survive without laughter. This is what I know about laughter.
Laughing is such an important part of life, and just the feeling of laughing is a comfort because everything was fine at that time. Laughter brings people together and makes them laugh together as a form of communication. Once you laugh at something other people start laughing, it connects everyone and makes them happy. It's like telling everyone to be happy but not even talking to them. That's when people laugh with you, but when they laugh at you, that's another story. I remember one day when I was doing the dishes at home and everyone in the house was frustrated, even me. I hate being angry, I hate people being angry, so I said something and I don't remember what but then everyone started laughing and it put everyone in a good mood. I want to laugh like fire that one candle can light @NUM1 candles. When you hear people laughing, the first thing that comes to your mind is "must be funny". You want to go and see what it is so you can laugh too. This is common for most people who like to laugh. I personally like to laugh because it's a nice weird feeling.
Laughter between two people is one of the ways you know if you're really good friends. If you're having a really bad day, laughing at each other will cheer you up. That's why you know you have a great connection in your relationship. Laughter is the bond between me and my two best friends. That's why we've been friends for so long. One of my best friends is called @PERSON1 and another is called @PERSON3. I've been friends with them for @NUM1 years. We are all very close and we do everything together. We hang out together, we play football together, we live together, we laugh together. @PERSON1 loves going camping with family on @DATE1. She took @PERSON3 and me for the past @NUM2 years. @CAPS2 Last trip I texted a lot during my trip @CAPS3 I was the only one serving at camp. @PERSON1's mom yelling at me for texting so much makes me a little pissed. @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 have agreed with @PERSON1's mom and yelled at me. I'm yelling at @CAPS3, I don't like @CAPS1 teaming up against me. I said, "I know, I'm going to hang up. Shut up!" @CAPS1 was very surprised and terrified of me saying that. We both stopped talking and things got really awkward for a while. Then our friend @PERSON2 also traveled with us and fell face down when he tried to do a cartwheel. @PERSON3, @PERSON1 and I all try not to laugh @CAPS3 We're mad at each other, but we can't help it, it's so funny. So we laughed together and realized we shouldn't be mad at each other. We know that little squabbles like this are unlikely to stop us from being friends. We all hug each other and say "sorry". @CAPS2 That's why laughing is a great thing, @CAPS3 there's nothing better than knowing you have friends by your side and that it always makes you laugh even if you're mad at them. It can make your bond stronger, and it can really repair any damage that's ruining your relationship. As far as I'm concerned, laughter has solved a lot of problems like @CAPS2 and always will.
Laughter is the key to all my friendships. If a person is really nice but I can't seem to make them laugh or vice versa, it's hard to find common ground between us. When I see my friendship and reflect on it, it brings back all the good memories of years of joyful laughter. The simple things in life that make me happy bring laughter. Whenever a difference in a friendship becomes apparent, simply bringing up the memory that made us laugh can trigger the friendship to revert. Whenever I'm with my best friend @PERSON1 it's usually not fun. Another element that has been put in place is that @PERSON1 and I don't hang out as often as we used to, when we go to the same school @DATE1 @DATE1. So, each other's absence makes us cherish our time together more than usual. Me and @PERSON1 and her mom ate at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 three nights ago. We had countless laughs throughout the dinner. Everyone around us either thinks we're annoying because we can't stop laughing, or understands what it's like to have a best friend making your @DATE2 smarter and think we're funny. There was never a real fight between @PERSON1 and me because we got so close on @DATE1 and realized how much we were like twins. So the conflict was never really brought up. However, another very close friend of mine @PERSON2 went to my old school with @PERSON1 and @PERSON1 has been having issues. The most important thing for me is that they get along well because they are the two most important people in my life. I'm willing to do anything to make them as friends as before, even though I may not have the ability to do so. I can get close to the hearts of both of them, at a level of laughter But when they don't get along, it's not so easy to get them together. I've been with @PERSON2 @TIME1 so I know how she feels and who I'm currently with @PERSON1. I tried to bring the topic up briefly, and at first, she declined. I know @PERSON2 means a lot to her and they just had a little fight over something stupid. The problem is that both of them can be stubborn, and in any type of argument, they don't start by saying sorry. This is because neither of them believe they are doing anything wrong. In this case, it was a small misunderstanding. I ended up talking with @PERSON1 about @PERSON2's feelings in more detail because I can totally understand. She later started seeing the other side of things, once I made her laugh. The key to my friendship is laughter. Especially when we were young. I can't get @PERSON1 to hear my thoughts on how @PERSON2 feels unless they are what she wants to hear. So, I told her what she wanted to hear. Things that make her laugh and giggle. Reminds me of her, @PERSON2 and the good times I had. She thinks about it, and while she's not quite ready to go all out to @PERSON2, hug her over and over and make peace, she's ready to think about engaging with @PERSON2 again. It's enough to make me feel good. For the rest of @TIME2, we leave the drama behind and enjoy @TIME2 at our leisure. We played our favorite songs and talked throughout @TIME2 about the tiniest things, or mistakes we made in speeches while talking to each other. I know as I get older, I look back at my two best friends @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 and realize how they made my high school years so amazing. They made me a better person, someone who can enjoy life to the fullest by being in the right people and having pure fun. They told me that you can be good friends with more than one person and that even if the two don't get along, you can find a balance and not exclude anyone. In the end, it's important that you are a good friend to everyone and not be selfish in the mix. Laughter brought me to that place. I find that when I genuinely laugh about great things, rather than making fun of someone or something, I become less selfish and become a better friend to people because my intentions are good. I wouldn't get this view without the real friend @CAPS3 gave me. By @DATE2, @PERSON2 called me and told me @PERSON1 called her and let her talk. Things will change soon.
Those close to you enjoy the moment you share with them, and remembering it brings laughter to what happens in that moment. Laughter brings together people you've known for a long time because you have a feeling for that person and the moment. Laughing at the memories you spent with that person and enjoying it can bring you closer to that person, which is important for this relationship. In fact, it's happened to me before; I laughed when I saw a special video from my past. That was when one of my favorite cousins was two years old, and I went to a family reunion when I was three. My cousin is fat and has straight hair, but she was very sick with a fever that day. I'm very different because I have curly hair and it's very short. We both wore a skirt, but the skirts were of different styles. Then everyone at the party had a great time, and so did we. The video started as my cousin and I jumped around grabbing our clothes and doing a show for everyone at the party. At that time, we were considered to be dancing. We seemed to have a great time that day. After that, my youngest brother came close to where we were dancing to watch us dance, but he was taking care of his glass of soda. Then one of the adults got up from the chair and hit him, his soda glass fell off and splashed on me and my cousin. All of our clothes were soda soaked, dirty, and sticky. We all stopped dancing and sat on the ground crying. My aunt and my mom exchanged us for something else but then when we saw my brother we were so angry that when he asked us something or wanted to talk to us about this fact we didn't answer him. Later, we had a good time again and chatted with him again. Finally, the video stopped. It's important that laughter brings people closer to someone because they're happy when they laugh together. My cousin and I watched videos of our memories and it made us laugh at what happened to both of us. We have the same feelings and the naivety of our time. We've noticed how much we've changed now compared to all the fun times we've had together. We did realize it wasn't my brother's fault that the soda was thrown at us. The laughter of all the moments we shared helped my cousin and I feel more united. Obviously at different times in your life you will react in different ways, but laughing at that moment or later will bring people together. Sometimes it feels different, but laughing is important because you are sharing a happy moment with someone. I remember what happened to my family and I in the past, we got closer to each other and laughed at the happy moments.
I want to say that laughter comes from the heart. But it's actually something inside and how you really feel about this person and how they feel about you, @CAPS1 this person makes you laugh and you know they really love you and care about you. @CAPS1 You make someone laugh, they make you laugh, and you're with the only real person. Laughter comes from the heart. @CAPS1 That guy tells you something that makes you laugh, then it's true between the two of you. Feelings, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 a lot between the two. @CAPS3 From deep in the soul, deep into your body. As my mom said, @CAPS3 helps clear the mind and body, but what I really think is that @CAPS1 is someone who makes you laugh, who sees who you really are and who you can be. You laugh at all kinds of things, like jokes, funny videos, funny stories, and more. But the real thing is, at least someone makes you laugh. @CAPS1 It says it's an important part of any relationship, and what it's trying to say or emphasize is that you need to laugh and have fun in your relationship. But my idea of @CAPS3 is that you have a clear head and you have to listen to things and then @CAPS4 is fun and then you start @CAPS3. This is what my mom used to say to everyone "@CAPS4 you're not laughing at all today then your mind and body are not clear". In people's lives sometimes they just laugh and laugh and it's hard to stop, I think @CAPS3 is just a feeling people have. You @MONTH1 tell funny jokes that make people laugh, but sometimes they don't even do anything at all. You can go out to a party with a bunch of your friends and you just stand and you start @CAPS3 because one of them thinks it's quite the same and we all need to laugh. Sometimes you can play a really funny game where you have to do funny things, even crazy things, but it all boils down to one thing, one thing only you have to laugh at again and again. I mean doesn't everyone need to laugh, I tell myself @CAPS4 almost every day that I don't laugh and then I don't clear my mind or soul. But is it really about me? No, it's not. @CAPS1 You say you need to laugh at people looking at you like you're crazy, but you really aren't. What you really want to say is that you can say something interesting and people will understand what you mean. I've been told funny things over the past few years, but I'm still a teenager and you think I'll remember all of them. I'm just like everyone else, and I've easily forgotten them over the years. I'm not that smart, but after thinking about it for a few minutes, I finally figured out the joke. I know I'm @CAPS5 but in those days I said to people what you were talking about and they looked at me and they just said wow! You really are @CAPS5 and I have @CAPS5 jokes about me too, I really don't mind @CAPS1 people telling me @CAPS5 jokes. Because I'm totally unaffected, I'm used to it. @CAPS1 I heard my first @CAPS5 joke and I had to stop and think for a few minutes and then about an hour later I realized where they were trying to tell it was me. Then I walked up to them and I was like "@CAPS6 I finally got the joke and then I was like a really good joke. @CAPS1 the first time you laughed because that special person either made you laugh or they made you laugh .They might even tell you a really funny story about themselves or someone related to them. @CAPS1 you laugh like you're expressing your feelings, @CAPS2 to that person because @CAPS4 you do laugh Like wow you're really lost where they are trying to tell you. I'll keep telling myself @CAPS4 that I need to laugh or call my friends every morning or just look in the mirror. For some odd reason I feel I just look funny. Most people think @CAPS4 you look at yourself and make faces in the mirror and you can't stop laughing. The reason I laugh is because I see or hear something really funny o just thought Such a good laugh. @CAPS4 I had a great day or a great weekend and I laughed a lot
Laughter is one of many ways to share memories. It's also a key component of storytelling, and it shows that the audience is enjoying what you're saying. When you share a laugh or a smile with someone, it's almost as if you're sharing a deep secret that no one else knows. Laughter has something in common, no matter how much money you have or how old you are, a person always has the ability to burst out laughing. Inside jokes are laughter's best friend, and from being brought up to the slightest mention, they always bring smiles and giggles to everyone. As a person, I feel it is my responsibility to make people laugh. An example of this is when I was seven, spending the night at my friend @PERSON1's house. We just finished watching @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and were super hungry for lunch. Turns out @PERSON1's eldest sister @PERSON2 is the only one home and she won't have anything to do with her "little sister" so we're going to fend for ourselves. When we were young, we didn't want a boring old @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 sandwich, we wanted to make @NUM1 cupcakes! It sounds like an absurd goal for two 7-year-old girls, but we were surprisingly ambitious and solved it without a problem, or so we thought. It was actually a disaster, we didn't know what a blender was, so we blended everything by hand until I got the flowers out. I will never think about flowers the same way from now on, every time I open a flower bed all I think about is @PERSON1 and the mess I made that day. Suffice to say it was a disaster, enough flowers to successfully make @NUM1 cupcakes is about an entire bag. When I was about to pour so many flowers into the bowl, I slipped some vegetable oil spilling from the measuring cup and the flowers were all over the place! @PERSON1 started laughing as the white powdery cloud filled the room. As for me, I'm still shocked, let alone covered in enough batter to feed the world. Now that I'm a little older, I don't think I can handle such a big mess so easily, considering I'm definitely going to be the one to clean it all up. But as a little girl, laughing was the only thing that mattered. @PERSON1 couldn't help giggling at the sight of me being all white. We started playing in the flower, picking it up and throwing it in the air as if it were confetti. When @PERSON2 suddenly came down the stairs, took a look at the kitchen and started yelling: "@CAPS6 clean this up! I was upstairs for an hour and you messed this up? Mom will be home in 20 minutes. , you better clean the kitchen." @PERSON1 I looked up at each other and went back to the kitchen. Then came when I realized how much work we had to do. Suddenly, I started laughing uncontrollably, and it felt like I didn't care about the world at all. It turns out that @PERSON1 and I completely ignored @PERSON2 and continued to play in the flowers for this short 20 minutes. We are building a fort in the kitchen surrounded by what we call "snow". When @PERSON1's mom walked into the house, I heard a bang on the front door. Sounds like a tissue torn from the dispenser. Since we hadn't cleaned anything, we actually made the kitchen worse, and we instantly decided to run down to the basement and pretend we didn't do anything wrong. @MONTH1 was our biggest mistake, as soon as @ORGANIZATION1's mom saw the kitchen, we heard a scream, "@PERSON1! What is this??" . We slowly climbed the stairs to the kitchen and @PERSON1 started explaining himself. I chose to keep quiet because I had never been in trouble before with someone who wasn't my own mother. After @PERSON1 finished her story, her mom called us downstairs. We were both about to cry when all of a sudden @PERSON1 started laughing again. I can't think of anything that could be hilarious when she says, "You still have flowers in your hair." I learned from this experience that sometimes, laughter is the only thing that makes you feel better. Even though I've moved since this cupcake fiasco, I know if I talk to @PERSON1 again we'll start laughing at the mention of this story.
Laughter is a big part of life, in fact, all I want to see is my grandfather, @PERSON1, doing everything he did before he died. I remember when I was about five years old, I liked to draw, whatever it was, as long as I had fun. My grandfather would give me helpful hints about shadows, textures and the overall image itself. One of my favorite things to see after I figured out how to use his technique is the smile on his face. We will always have a great time together, he is an artist himself, he painted most of the pictures at home and some in restaurants. I spent most of my childhood in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3, @ORGANIZATION2 where my grandparents lived. I don't remember when was the last time I was bowling at @CAPS1 Lane, but I remember my first time. It was with my grandparents, and little kids like me had a lot to do there. Another time around @NUM1 years ago, my grandpa went to the microwave to heat his coffee and instead of putting the coffee in, he found potatoes. He immediately made hash browns with them and we had a good laugh. I wish I could do a lot of things with my grandparents, like go fishing or even camping. However, I do a lot with them and my grandpa also painted my Boy Scout Derby wooden race car. Whenever I race or compete with boats, cars or planes, he's the one who draws them. He would go to every race to see how I did, and for some odd reason I got @NUM2 most of the time. My grandparents also had a collie named @ORGANIZATION1 which I named him when I was a kid. He grew up with me and my grandpa @ORGANIZATION1 always took walks together. My grandpa's favorite thing to do with a dog is to train him. He's the most obedient dog I've ever seen, he'll go to the postman, get the mail back, open and close doors if he has a leash, and he'll even put my grandma's slippers in the bedroom. When I lived in @LOCATION4, @ORGANIZATION2, I was picked up by my grandparents every day after school and went to their house to wait for my mom to pick me up until I was old enough to be alone. Grandma always helped me with my math homework and cooking, and then Grandpa would help me paint or turn on my favorite @CAPS2 show. When I was younger, I would go to the house there in the morning and my grandpa would record my favorite show "@CAPS3 @CAPS4". It's a routine every morning, followed by breakfast. Later in my life, when I became more independent, I didn't go to their house as often as I used to, something I couldn't take back. Some of the recent home videos I watched reminded me of the good times I had with them, my grandpa was recording a video of me chasing the dog around the kitchen table and I stepped on my toes. Apparently it was humorous to my family and they were all laughing hysterically. Another time, when I was young, my grandpa was a barber shop owner and had been cutting his hair for years at @LOCATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, and once at his house I didn't know what a "mullet" was, but I knew it was a Hairstyle. I begged and begged until he finally gave in and cut my mullet hair, I was amazed at how it looked and hated it immediately. The last @CAPS5 I spent with my grandpa I bought a lot of gifts for him and my family. Thanks to my job at @DATE1 in the eastern part of the state, I was able to get a heated blanket that covers his entire bed, a couple of movies and his favorite "@CAPS6" chocolate. Honestly, it was the happiest I've seen him in a long time, and it made me happy too. At the end of the day, you look back on how it all went, and you realize that the best times were just a laugh.
laughter. Laughter is the key to a relationship. I once knew a guy who got along well because of laughter. They didn't think that if there wasn't any laughter in their relationship , they would still be together. Laughing is the shortest distance between each other, because if you can't see the person, but you can laugh with the person and have a good relationship with that person. The laughter of two people has been laughing, getting closer and closer, although they have never met, but every day I know that if there is no laughter, the relationship will not exist, it means that you are very happy with that person. Laughing with someone you care about also means you can trust that person, you are yourself around that person, and you don't have to act like you normally would with someone you don't trust! I have a boyfriend with whom I can laugh all day every day and that's why we stay in a relationship. We laugh instead of talking because it shows how we feel about each other, and we can show that we are happy with each other by laughing. Sitting on the couch looking each other in the eyes and then we just started laughing as we broke down thinking about what we said and just laughing like crazy even when we didn't say anything. Even when we had a fight, we still laughed at each other about the things each other said that made us laugh. I would be very upset and sad, he would just know what to say to make me laugh, and then I was happy because I knew he was about me and cared about whether I was happy or sad. It's hard to find a real relationship that just smiles or says something stupid when you're really angry or pissed off that makes you laugh. Even when he's mad at me, he still tries to make me laugh or smile because that's what my relationship is. If you can't smile or be happy with the person you "love", then you shouldn't be with that person because you know you won't be happy, you'll be depressed all the time, or just plan to lose your temper with that person. Laughter is a key thing, and it can bring your relationship closer in many ways. If you laugh with that person, you can be yourself, which means if you don't make it after a breakup, it could be a good sign that you'll be good friends later on. I believe laughter is bringing two people closer and the shortest distance between two people is between each other I'm sure people say we are weird or something but we don't even care so we laugh every day and night . I think if you're not even in a relationship and you're just good friends like me and my friend @CAPS1 then you can laugh at all the things you think are funny and have a good time, you don't have to be in a relationship with someone to Laugh with someone. Laughter is a great fortress.
Laughter is important in all relationships of any type. What's the point if you have a friendship that never laughs and nothing funny? I have four friends who mean a lot to me. @PERSON2, @PERSON3, @ORGANIZATION2 and @CAPS1. @CAPS1's real name is @PERSON1, but we all call her @CAPS1 because of the way she behaves. @PERSON2 and I used to do almost everything together. We are inseparable, we go to school together, we even eat together. Regardless of @MONTH1's situation, @PERSON2 and I can make each other laugh. I remember when @PERSON2 and I didn't get along like we used to. My phone rang around 9pm one night, it was @PERSON2 and I didn't know whether to answer or pretend to be busy, so the two of us didn't argue. Well, I decided to pick up because it was a friendly thing and I knew she would always be there for me. There's obviously a reason she's calling me, right? As I was about to say hi, I heard @LOCATION1 cry. I panic, @PERSON2 doesn't cry over the little things. I asked her what was wrong and told her to tell me all about it, I wanted to be by her side even when we were fighting, no matter what, because she was always there for me. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 before @TIME1, our whole team or whatever you want to call it is together and everything seems to be fine except for pointless arguments that usually end in laughter. Little did we know that @PERSON2's @CAPS3 has been "staying at home" for the past two weeks and has no plans to go home to be with his family. My heart sank when I listened to @PERSON2 tell me the news and how hurt she is. I cried when she cried. Her @CAPS3 broke the news to her @DATE1 @TIME1 after our trip to @ORGANIZATION1. He won't go home because he's been unhappy for a while and he wants a divorce. I know exactly how @PERSON2 feels, my parents divorced when I was very young. While it didn't tear me apart like she did, it still affected me. A home with two married and loving parents is not an easy task for anyone without a real family. @PERSON2 had no idea her @CAPS3 would later get married and start a family with a woman he had seen for over a year when he got home. She just kept telling me she had to take him home and she couldn't do that. @PERSON2 is really close to her @CAPS3 who is 100% dad's daughter. I remember her telling me she just wanted to disappear and it was all her fault. As her friend, all I could do was listen and tell her it was okay. @PERSON2 starts to calm down and realize that something happened and she can't change @CAPS3's mind. I invited @PERSON2 to @TIME1's party and may forget her thoughts for a while. It's not easy to sit at her home when her @CAPS3 knows he won't be back. So @PERSON2 came over and we played Guitar Hero and she laughed every time I screwed up. Hearing @PERSON2 laughing again makes me feel better because I know she already understands that it wasn't her fault that @CAPS3 left. Without the laughter in that room, I'm not sure me and @PERSON2 would be good friends again. After all, laughing at me for screwing up on Guitar Hero made me and her good friends again. So it's very important to keep laughing in a relationship because once the laughter wears off then friendship or whatever you know will go downhill. Now @PERSON2 and I have been chatting or texting for countless hours about anything, and when we're not laughing, we know what to ask each other questions.
A few years ago my mom and sister @PERSON1 ate at a branch. While we were lining up for our sandwich, @PERSON1 was a few inches taller than me and said she was taller than me, so I stood up and said I was still taller. Then she stood on tiptoe (made her taller than me) and said she was taller than me, then she stuck her tongue out at me, so I stood on tiptoe (made me taller) and insisted that I spit her out. Funny, there's a cute guy standing behind @LOCATION1, so it looks like I'm ranting about him! The expression on his face was funny, like looking at a cute little kid. I quickly put my tongue back in my mouth and returned to normal height. Then I told my mom @PERSON1 would find a place to sit. Once we found a place to sit, I told her to buy the guy standing behind her and we all laughed, it was really funny, we still joke about it! :)
Laughter can create this inseparable bond. I can tell you how I made some quick and real friends by laughing at the same things. It's an amazing thing when people laugh. It didn't always make sense or look interesting at the time, but it made anyone I think felt better regardless of the situation. I can tell you how I made some quick and real friends by laughing at certain things. Or how laughter solves an argument between you and your lover. Well, here is a very real and very close family story of mine that helped me open my mind and have one of the best and true friends of my life. In order to tell this story, I have to go back to the time around nine o'clock. When I was a little girl, my sister @CAPS1, or as I always called her @PERSON2, I hated each other. We never got along, maybe because of being in the same room with a sister, but I remember she never wanted to play with me or hang out with me. My eldest sister @PERSON1 just went to collage, so my sister @PERSON2 and I had a chance to learn more about each other. Sure, we still fight and still don't get along well, but we're becoming the best friends we are today. One day my parents went out shopping for me and my sister @PERSON2 stayed at home cleaning the house. Well, in my household, cleaning music of any kind is exploding. As always, my sister had to "order" me, or at least that was how it felt at the time, and as always, I was a stubborn little sister who never liked to take orders from a big sister. Well @PERSON2 told me I have to clean the bathroom, I hate cleaning the bathroom, I mean who did it right? So I told her that wouldn't clean them...well, the big sister in charge when mom and dad were away wasn't so nice. So we started fighting, oh what a fierce fight that was. I mean as loud as possible. Can't even hear the music in the shouting. Like most fights in my house, my sister and I got fed up with each other and we rushed out of that room and into our own bedroom. While the music is still exploding, it can even be heard all the way upstairs. So when I, I can only guess my sister is doing the same thing, plotting my revenge on my "smart" sister, then the music turns into a cheerful classic that's a favorite in my family one of the songs. The song was "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" and I opened the bedroom door because I liked it so much. I guess my sister is the same as me because she is too. Well, I've started singing and dancing to the music in my room, and I guess my sister heard me because she'd walked out of her room and into mine. Of course I didn't notice her, so I kept singing and dancing. Well, as soon as she started laughing at me, I stopped and stared at her. @CAPS1 just stood there laughing and I also said something, you can't do better. So she tried and it was my turn to laugh. At the end we made fun of each other dancing and laughing all the way down the stairs, we hugged and said how sorry and stupid we were fighting where. And then just after all this happened, we looked around to see what was still to be done. Then we looked at each other, laughed and ran to work before Mom and Dad got home. We were done in time and as soon as my mom and dad got home we were there to do the final cleaning. @TIME1 My sister and I had a @TIME1 watching a movie and laughing after my mom and dad went to bed. That's it, my story is about how sisters, or more like best friends, solve and start anything by laughing and having fun together. Now my sister lives at @LOCATION1 so I rarely see her but when can I chat or call her. We spend hours laughing and it doesn't even matter what we're laughing at. That's what laughter does, it creates this connection, a deep connection. My sister and I @MONTH1 have had arguments in the past and in the future...but no matter what happens in life, we all have laughter that always helps us stay together.
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I think laughter is very important in any part, in any type of relationship. @CAPS2 gets to know each other better when people laugh, @CAPS6 usually people think you're a cool guy when you say something funny, @CAPS6 talks to @CAPS2 when they say something funny Laugh together. People who laugh with you or make you laugh are more fun. Many times in my life I have solved many problems by telling a joke, saying something funny, or even recalling funny memories from the past. I have a lot of @CAPS4's that I like, but of course like in any other friendship, we hardly ever fight. I remember one time my @CAPS4 @CAPS6 I was hanging out at the mall. My two @CAPS4's had a huge conflict over something really weird that turned into an argument. Of course we always have some skirmishes, but @CAPS7 time I guess these two girls are serious @CAPS6 mad at each other! Another friend of mine @PERSON1 @CAPS6 I look at them @CAPS6 and don't know what to do. @CAPS6 My friend @PERSON1 is a little scared that @CAPS2 might hurt each other. I told them, "@CAPS1 y'all! Don't do that!" @CAPS2 looked at me @CAPS6 stopped. So we started walking. @CAPS6 I remember @CAPS6 some funny things our two girls @CAPS6 did at a camp a week before @CAPS7 happened, @CAPS6 After that camp I remember how @CAPS2 said how we're going to be "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 For @CAPS5" For the @CAPS6 of our life, @CAPS2 will never forget how much fun we had. Thinking of what we did at that camp, I started laughing, @CAPS6 @CAPS2 looked at me like I was weird or something. So I reminded them of all the fun stuff we do and @CAPS6 @CAPS2 looked at each other @CAPS6 started laughing so hard! Since their conflict has nothing to do with that camp, @CAPS2 has forgotten! After that @CAPS2 started talking to each other @CAPS6 forgot about @CAPS2 conflict. Sometimes I remind them of the conflict, but @CAPS2 just laughs at @CAPS6 and says "We're too stupid to create a conflict!" @CAPS6 We all laugh at them. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS7 That's why I think laughter is so important in any friendship. @CAPS6 I think @CAPS7's problem was solved by saying some funny memories, so @CAPS2 can laugh! @CAPS6 reminds someone of something @CAPS2 forgot.
Laughter is the key to life, family and relationships. Get people through tough times and times when all you need is one friend. Laughter is a big part of my life, joking and having fun, and when something happens I cover it up with laughter. People @MONTH1 say laughing too much in some situations, but a lot of people laugh when times are tough. @CAPS1 The world would be boring without laughter, I don't think people really have the experience of laughing and joking. Making other people laugh gives me a good feeling, even @CAPS1 it's a lame joke. I think it's because it makes me feel good about myself, which is a good thing I know what to do. My family has always been a joker, messing around and laughing at everything. My family and I have so many great memories, jokes and more. We enjoy every little laugh because it's something each of us holds dear and a bond we don't want to loose. One of the moments in my life where laughter was really great was in awkward situations. My sports teams, we quickly get down on ourselves during games and we start blaming others, which is what people do most often when they start to feel stressed in a situation like this. My teammates and I made so many mistakes and just didn't pay each other and act as a team. After losing so many games, you really start to lose hope for yourself and your team. Our coaches always try to reassure us that we are doing well or that we can work harder. Some people take this seriously, or people don't care and nothing happens, these people start shutting out @CAPS2 and only care about the good friends on their team. The morning before we started, the relationship between people was tense. The captain noticed two players talking about her and she said to them, "@CAPS1 you're going to talk about me behind my back, talk to me." @CAPS2 was totally shocked, no one knew what to say, so I said" Well, it's embarrassing." The whole team just started laughing because it loosened up @CAPS2, and while it didn't quite fix the problem, it just made it better. Another moment in my life where laughter was a key part was road trips. Going somewhere with my family and getting sucked into the car on our way back was a long bond. You start talking frantically, without any meaning, unlike yourself. And then it brings the fun of fooling around and saying something or doing something if it gets really fun and it's a moment you don't want to lose. An example of what happened to me during this experience was going to @LOCATION1 and making up a lot of inside jokes about what we saw or heard. Moments like these I always want to cherish because these people in your life right now aren't always theirs. Create memories to do the most basic things and laugh with your family. Laugh with your friends. I believe in some cases it can help ease some of the tension between people and sometimes make things less weird between people. Be yourself and don't change it. For better or worse, having so many of these moments is special to me. They help me remember things more easily. Little moments like this are special, it reminds me how much I care about this person, or realizes the moment isn't completely lost because it has the idea of people laughing, and it comforts me.
@CAPS1 in @DATE2 Warm @DATE2 sunshine, pools to cool kids, picnics and potlucks for parents with friends and family, and late night pajama parties. And then my @DATE2 @CAPS1. The sun came in through the window, lit up the room, and I woke up to the sun shining brightly. I ran into my brother @PERSON2's room to make sure he was up and ready to start the day with me. He was obviously; the early riser himself. We left his room and started smelling the sweet aroma of chocolate chip cookies, which we ordered in the hall to go to the kitchen to talk to mom about what we were going to do that day. When we got there, Mom turned around to show us her huge belly, which was holding my soon-to-be baby brother's belly, and we asked her what we were doing that day. Disappointed with her answer, she has no plans. My brother and I were frustrated, but we quickly got dressed and headed to the backyard where we pitched together, the ball slapped lightly on my nice leather glove and slapped my brother in the face. My mom walked outside and yelled at @PERSON2 to the sliding glass door and for a split second I thought I was throwing too hard on @PERSON2 but luckily it wasn't. Then my mom called me too to let me know my cousin was coming. My first thought was that @ORGANIZATION2 is here! Then I started thinking, my cousin @ORGANIZATION2 is weird...she's always making up lies, telling bad jokes, playing @PERSON1 @CAPS2 cards, and playing weird stupid video games. I hurriedly asked my mom when she was coming so I could get ready because whatever I had to put up with my mom, I would tell me for 15 minutes. I quickly ran from her to my room with my phone on and called my neighbors @DATE1 and @ORGANIZATION1 to see if I could hang out. Their mom replied that I could come right after the girls did their chores, and I was excited to tell my mom that I would be staying at the neighbor's for a while and that @PERSON2 had to be with @ORGANIZATION2 while I was away. She told me, As long as I leave before @ORGANIZATION2 arrives. I waited for the call to tell me I could go to their house. It's almost noon and they haven't called yet, @ORGANIZATION2 is coming soon and I'm tired of waiting. I decided to go to the front where I could rollerblade around the block and I told @PERSON2 I was going out and he was alone with me. @PERSON2 and I put on our roller skates and got out of the garage, my mom came out as we were about to leave and told us @ORGANIZATION1 called us we can go over now, we dashed in and quickly tried to strengthen the access to the house in the garage stair. When we slipped while trying to push each other on the roller skate blades, I finally got in and started unlatching. Let them go and walk to the door, all of a sudden I hear a knock, just as I reach for it, it's @ORGANIZATION2. I hurried out the door, said hello to my cousin, and quickly fled to a neighbor's house. I got to @ORGANIZATION1's house and we decided to hang out and run with her new puppy. We played for a while and decided we should go in for a snack and the doorbell rang. @ORGANIZATION1 ran to the door with the puppy to let people in, I turned from the table to see who it was and saw @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON2 standing inside the door. They came over and I let @DATE1 know we should see a movie. She walked over to the movie cabinet and pulled out the brand new @CAPS3 movie! We all sat down and started watching a movie, each with a bowl of popcorn. We saw pretty much all of this when the doorbell rang, the puppy rushed to the door, @DATE1 stood up to answer, this time my mom walked in and told @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON2 and me it was time to leave. The puppy was ecstatic to see my mom, so she peed on the linoleum floor. @ORGANIZATION2 didn't notice the dog piss on the floor so she ran to the door to get her shoes on and she flew back into the dog pee and everyone was laughing, even @ORGANIZATION2. We said thank you and went back to my house for dinner to get @ORGANIZATION2 ready to leave. The happiest moments are with the people you love who can make you laugh or cry. : @CAPS4.
It was a cloudy @DATE1, but nothing to be sad about among friends. This circle of friends has just spent the whole weekend together and they are heading home. As a young @CAPS6, I am part of this group that he has known for three years. Three years ago, I was shy, but something changed that. The group is called @ORGANIZATION2. This @ORGANIZATION2 is for teens and even some collage students. Although we are few. This is our last year as @ORGANIZATION2 and then we will be kicked out of the church where we meet. Together we made that weekend the best and final @ORGANIZATION1. Boys are comfortable around girls, in fact, they'll make deals with us. The deal was that if we rubbed their backs during the ride, they would rub our feet. At @CAPS2, the girls thought it was a crazy idea, but over time this foot massage seems to be really good. Made three pairs, each featuring a boy and a @CAPS6. The boys sit in the penultimate row of the car, and the girls sit in the back. I rubbed @PERSON3's back but that's ok. Of all the girls except his sister, I know @PERSON3 best, so I'm a perfect fit for the job. This moment is a very happy moment for the girls and a very relaxing moment for the boys. The boys fell asleep while the girls laughed hysterically. Now that our feet are all over the boys for them to rub, the easiest way to wake them up is to kick them. This only caused more laughter and made the boys more alert. After we've had enough of our feet and backs rubbing, we need to find something new to laugh about and make the time go by faster. This was @DATE1 before @DATE1, so our @ORGANIZATION2 leaders gave us a bag of candy hearts each. Those little messages on candy hearts can entertain us for about an hour and a half. We'll pick one at random from the bag and hand it to someone. I ended up giving @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 candy hearts that said "@CAPS1". They were confused, but they elicited more laughter. @PERSON3 accidentally gave @PERSON1 one with the words "@CAPS2 @CAPS3". Andrew said "@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6" many times. Once it started getting boring, we found a new way to make candy hearts fun. We'll read the heart of @CAPS2 and give it to someone saying it came from someone else. Kyrene gave one to @PERSON4 saying it was from @PERSON2 with the words "@CAPS7 @NUM1 @CAPS4". Whenever we have one that says "@CAPS9", we hand it over to @PERSON1 saying it's from @LOCATION1. Before she said to him, "I thought you were @CAPS10 in that moment", but a lot of people thought she said, "I thought you were @CAPS9 in that moment." @CAPS11, we try it by giving him "@CAPS9" candy Heart to make up for @PERSON2 for @PERSON1. We ended @DATE1 with hugs, goodbyes and laughter retold inside jokes. Some phone numbers were swapped and some should not have been. The tour ended well and everyone felt a little closer to themselves. We can hug this person @CAPS11 or we can get this person's phone number. Something inside of us has changed and we can get a little closer. In my experience, I would say that laughter is just one element, because to get laughter you need to love the person you laugh with. If I don't love the people in the car with me, then I won't laugh with them. They say, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". I don't believe this is true. I think love is the shortest distance and laughter is just the expression of love. The claim that laughter is the shortest distance assumes that laughter is the cause, but in reality, it is the effect. Love is the reason for laughter. If laughter is the cause of love, then the world is doomed to never know. Without love, there is no laughter.
VOICES @ CAPS1 @CAPS2 Someone heard something funny and the person who said it started laughing. The funny thing @CAPS2 heard was people laughing and the whole room started laughing. This has happened to me many times, but the one I remember most clearly was @CAPS2 where I started making weird noises. I usually sound @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 like this I'm bored and want to start a conversation, but I've never laughed and sounded like this before. That moment changed the way I laugh today. The date was @DATE1 and it was my birthday, so I decided to throw a party at @ORGANIZATION1. I invited my two best friends @PERSON4 and @PERSON3 to come along. We love to laugh and just have fun. So, inviting them is a no-brainer. Immediately, we decided that our favorite water slide in the park is the majestic and slightly larger @ORGANIZATION2' @CAPS3. It's a big funnel with red and @CAPS15 lights flashing inside. We do it over and over again. When the ride was over, adrenaline pumping in our veins, we jumped off the mid-tube and sprinted down the stairs to the waiting line. We talked, chatted, sang, yelled, and probably annoyed everyone in line. Then, @CAPS2 we finally got to the top of the stairs and we were in awe of the lifeguards. But, not because he is beautiful. He looks like a goblin! We fought back our laughter and got in the car. @PERSON4 had him turn the middle tube around so she could walk backwards. Then he started talking and we couldn't help but giggle. He started flirting with us, saying in his manly voice, "@CAPS4 wants me to ride with the @CAPS4 lady?" @CAPS2 He said that @PERSON3 was the first to break. Then there is me. And then @PERSON4. We couldn't take it any longer. Then he giggled awkwardly and pushed the middle tube up the slide. We laughed so hard we didn't even pay attention to the ride. Then it hit me. "That guy looks like @PERSON1 @PERSON1!!" I screamed at @PERSON3. @CAPS2 The journey is over, we think about it. Then went again without a doubt. To be honest, he @CAPS8 looks like @PERSON1. We started laughing again throughout the trip until I made a weird, abnormal noise. I made a noise that sounded like a pig's tail had just been pulled. It was almost a scream, but more of a scream. @CAPS6 just happened? @CAPS8 I really just...just...@CAPS9? ! Note: @CAPS4 will always have best friends, especially @CAPS2 @CAPS4 @CAPS8 is a little awkward. It's their job to make fun of someone's strangeness. So of course, @PERSON4 was the first to say, "@CAPS6 what the hell is this?" @CAPS7 followed by @PERSON3's expression, "@CAPS8 @CAPS4 is just @CAPS9?" That's @CAPS2, we started laughing, and I Start making more unusual sounds. I started screaming, snoring and burping. We're still laughing at my crazy scream @CAPS2, we got down the middle tube. After we filled up @ORGANIZATION2' @CAPS3, @PERSON4 decided we should get into the wave pool. Of course @PERSON3 and I agreed. The zone's speaker system starts playing @PERSON2's song "@CAPS11". @PERSON3 is my go-to @CAPS2 and it will burst in the song. She started singing and we all joined. But @CAPS2 to the chorus, "I sometimes raise my hands..." We all said, "Sometimes I lift bananas in the air..." "@CAPS12 My @CAPS13, we should totally write a song of our own. ' said @PERSON4. We started thinking about different lyrics that could be used in the song. In the beginning, we knew that @CAPS6 was talking about chorus, and then we decided that this song needed more lyrics. It's harder to think about. But then we decided we should make songs about food and the way we eat it. We have fun. Eventually we came up with this whole song and people were staring at us as we screamed to the world. Immediately afterwards, the terrifying voice came again. @PERSON4 starts laughing, then @PERSON3 joins me in harmony, then my @CAPS9 interrupts me rudely. @PERSON4 and @PERSON3 continue to mock my voice @CAPS1. I joined them, laughing at myself. We went to bed that night and hummed our new song "@CAPS14 @CAPS15". Now, whenever we hang out, we start singing and sometimes even dancing! People still looked at us oddly, but then we started laughing and I started making noises @CAPS1.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 How to change the whole purpose of my @CAPS1 with just one @DATE3. Two things make my @CAPS1 more important than I thought @CAPS3; @CAPS4 and a girl. I realized in just one @DATE3 that @CAPS1 is more than we've seen or heard. Indescribable emotion. Something you have to live for yourself. Looking back on three months of change at @CAPS1, I laugh at how quickly my @CAPS1 turned around and started heading in the right direction. And how a girl took me to church, how @CAPS4 keeps a relationship going strong. We are part of a movement that will go on forever. She joins me on the perfect path to eternity. Did you have someone in your @CAPS1 who made you so happy @CAPS3 caused you to change your @CAPS1 plans forever? I have found something on this earth that explains my whole purpose here on earth. I met this girl for the first time. @CAPS3 It was like an instant shock to my body. @CAPS3 It felt like I needed her, as if something whispered in my ear, "Go find her." Talking to my friends about this girl the other day and I couldn't get rid of it. I told him how I was going to talk to her @DATE4 and nothing stopped me. @CAPS6 said, "I went to class with her." @CAPS6 thought about me and her; like in a relationship. @CAPS6 looked up at me in a strong thought and said, "Actually I think you guys would be perfect together." @CAPS7 @CAPS6 said I said "sweet". I talked to her that day. She is better than I expected. I need a backup though. I have a different friend with me talking to her and her friends. I saw her in the hall. So we started walking over. We got to them and my friend just kept going. In my head, "What a good friend." @CAPS3 It's just me and seven other girls. Try to look your best. @CAPS7 I actually pulled @CAPS3 off. She actually thinks I'm attractive. @CAPS3 Was it love at first sight? I don't know what you told me. Close to @DATE3. I got the license. Looking forward to what my @DATE3 will look like. Everything looks fine. Until I got a job in an ice cream factory. Getting up at four at @TIME1 is not the best way to start my @DATE3. I still want to impress her and be with her @DATE3. I met a guy named @PERSON1. @CAPS6 asked me if I wanted to study the bible with him. I know @PERSON2 went to the same church. So I want to do @CAPS3. About two months @DATE2, they went to a church in @LOCATION1. @PERSON2 was baptized there. Then @DATE2; after they come back. I was baptized. We both have @CAPS4. Love is built between us. What's better than dating? We started dating @DATE1. Wonderful moment I will never forget. The look she gave me was like a fire of love burning in her eyes. Go to the beach, go for a drive, ride fair, pick her up, and never let go. There is still love burning inside of us. I went to her house. I forgot the time and found that I was going to be late for going home. @CAPS3 It was a rainy night. Say goodbye to her parents and give her a big hug. I ran out the door, got into my truck, and took off. Can't see clearly. A corner appeared out of nowhere. Start sliding across the road. A tree is walking towards me. I hit a tree. Fly midway. Time slowed down. I think it's @CAPS3. A picture suddenly popped into my mind. @CAPS3 is her face. I landed with a huge scream. I got out as fast as I could. I came out with cuts and bruises, but that's @CAPS3. I thank @CAPS4, I survived. I'm lucky I didn't die. The point is. I guess I was put on this earth to be with her and that's what I'm holding on to. These days of @CAPS3 make you realize how amazing @CAPS1 is. Now mocking @CAPS3. How laughter can change your @CAPS1. I finally say I love you, girl. We are together to this day.
My cousin @PERSON1 and her boyfriend @PERSON2 have been dating for three years and they have a special date planned for their anniversary. They made a reservation at @ORGANIZATION2 at @LOCATION1 and went for a walk on the beach. For @PERSON1, it's a small step from the usual date, but for @PERSON2, it's the biggest day of his life. This late night on @DATE2 was the day he asked @PERSON1 to be his wife! @PERSON2 stopped at @PERSON1's house exactly at 5pm. He has a bouquet of roses in his hand for the prettiest girl on @ORGANIZATION1. She was wearing a white and pink dress with pink heels, and her hair was slicked up. @PERSON2 was speechless as he handed her the bouquet. After putting the rose in the water, he escorted her down the steps to his car, @CAPS1 first. @PERSON2 can't start his car. Very embarrassed by @PERSON2 asking @PERSON1 to drive to dinner. She giggled and assured him that she didn't mind. When they arrived at @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 they were sad to find that their booking had been double booked and another couple arrived just before them. In desperation, they set off to find something else. Everything else seems to be full for @DATE1 @TIME1, so @PERSON1 decided to pick her favorite restaurant @CAPS2. After waiting for 45 minutes, they were lucky enough to get a window seat. @PERSON2 ordered the burger and fries as he is not a seafood fan. Instead, @PERSON1 loves seafood, so she ate a bowl of @CAPS2's world-famous clam chowder. After dinner, @PERSON2 excused himself for going to the bathroom before they left, but when he got up, his @ORGANIZATION3 overturned and splattered on @PERSON1's new dress, making a brown goo. @PERSON1 did his best to clean up, but it was of little use. So far so bad, but the worst is yet to come. When they came to pay the bill, @PERSON2 started to panic. He realized he had left his wallet in the car! @PERSON2 blushed as she watched her girlfriend pay the bill. Thankfully we didn't go to @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2! he thought. @PERSON1 is going home, but @PERSON2 is determined to propose to her, so he begs her to take a walk on the beach and watch the sunset. She agreed. As @CAPS6 takes a step, @PERSON2's heart beats faster, throat is dry, hands are sweaty, and body is shaking. They sat on the warm sand and chatted for ten minutes. Finally @PERSON1 is really ready, so this is his last chance. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the only ring. As he got down on one knee, the ring fell into the sand. It was getting dark, and after a minute or two of frantic searching, he gave up and started crying. @PERSON1 was confused, thought he was crying because she wanted to leave, but when @PERSON2 calmed down, he told his story and what was supposed to be the perfect girl's perfect marriage proposal that turned out to be the worst @PERSON2 TIME1 in his life. @PERSON1 just laughed, which made @PERSON2 think she was mocking him, but he continued. "@PERSON1, will you be my wife?" @CAPS4 tears of joy she said, "@CAPS5! As long as @CAPS6 days can be as adventurous as tonight." @CAPS6 When they mentioned the story, even then Not funny, they would laugh too. Since then, they have had so many hilarious and embarrassing stories that they can now laugh.
Here's another warm and muggy @DATE1 @TIME1 when my best friend @LOCATION1 and I decided to go to our friend @PERSON1's house. As we walked three miles to @PERSON1's house, @LOCATION1 realized he had left his phone charger at my house. We didn't want to walk all the way back to my house and didn't get a ride because we both don't have a driver's license and @PERSON1's parents aren't home. So @PERSON1 and I started brainstorming about how to get back to my house to get back @LOCATION1's phone charger when suddenly... we heard a loud bang in the backyard from the old yaki shed in the dark corner of the backyard; @LOCATION1, I'll go and see what the noise is. We opened the shed and one of @PERSON1's SUVs fell over. @PERSON1 and I pulled the buggy out of an old cobweb-infested shed. @PERSON1 and I both have a light bulb above our heads and suddenly look up at each other with the same thought. Not too smart, we figured @LOCATION1 could ride a three-mile dirt bike back to my house on the main road and he'd be fine. @PERSON1 told @PERSON1 it was an idea, @PERSON1 said it was a bad idea because his mom wasn't home and he didn't want us to get in trouble with phone chargers. @PERSON1 repeatedly told us to put the dirt bike back, but next thing you know @LOCATION1 had the bike tested around the hood nearby. I told @LOCATION1, "Because there's only one dirt bike, you're going to be on a @CAPS1 bike!" The next thing you know me and @PERSON1 ride a dirt bike and a @CAPS1 bike side by side along the most beautiful road in town It was dark outside on the busy road. "@PERSON1 you're gone, I'll see you there!" I yelled. @PERSON1 took off on the road at about @NUM1mph and I was about @NUM1 yards behind him. All of a sudden I saw a white figure start crawling out of the driveway and I couldn't figure out what it was...when all of a sudden I saw flashing red and blue lights! I tried to warn @LOCATION1 and yelled "@PERSON1 @NUM3!!!" but he was far away, but as the lights were pitch black outside, illuminating the street, @LOCATION1 tried to release him through a path, but It can't compare to a charging police car. It's out of my hands now, so I bike back to jeremys' house and find him, and we run to the crime scene to see what's going on. We kept our distance and acted as if we didn't know him. Cop stood behind a cop car with @PERSON1 handcuffed, cop went back to his car to write a ticket for @PERSON1, I saw @LOCATION1 shadows under street lights throw things into bushes...because that's not his dirt bike , he couldn't ride him, the police called a tow truck to bring his bike, and the police brought @LOCATION1 a ticket home for @MONEY1. As soon as they left the scene, I went to see what @LOCATION1 threw into the bushes, it was a jar of chews because he was a minor...so I caught it. The next day @LOCATION1 was at home and his parents were at work so I brought him his chews and when we suddenly heard the garage door start to open he started telling us about his mom's punishment for him; his mom was off work Got home, so I handed him his chew and I ran out of the backyard and over the fence. He told me not to tell a lot of people because he didn't want everyone to know, but it's been the talk of the town...
It's a day like any other. I'm going to the chess club to challenge the board number one holder. I've never known him deeply as I'm new to the club, but I know if I don't play my best @CAPS7, I'm going to lose. I entered the room hoping to see that the holder wasn't there, @CAPS2 was. @CAPS2 is wearing a blue baseball cap, a blue T-shirt, blue jeans, and black shoes. His hair is as dark as his shoes, it looks like @CAPS2 hasn't combed it in years, and his skin is so pale, I wonder how @CAPS2 can bask in the sun when there is no way to stop it. The board is ready, @CAPS1 is the clock. There is an hour on either side of the clock. I walked up to him and @CAPS2 didn't seem to notice me until I said, "@CAPS1 @CAPS12 guna beat me, I know I lost." @CAPS2 just sat there and stared at me like I insulted him. "@CAPS1," @CAPS2 sniffs, "they think they can beat my kid." "I guess. I never thought about it." I'm not sure why this would matter, but I'm playing him, @CAPS1 I'm absolutely sure It's coming or coming soon. @CAPS4 please take the @CAPS12 seat @CAPS1 we can start the game! the coach shouted: @CAPS5 we all know the rules, black players @MONTH1 start the white @CAPS4 clock. Dont talk. @CAPS1. I Say: "What's your name." "@CAPS7 is @CAPS8." I'm on time. Expecting him to move like lightning, I moved @CAPS7 a piece. Bad move. @CAPS2 called and pointed out that I moved a piece when it wasn't @CAPS7's turn. The coach came to the clock and pushed some buttons, @CAPS2 doesn't even look like @CAPS2 cares about the game if a ten board holder can beat a board holder. When @CAPS2 turned down the clock, the clock showed fifty to fifty-five. I was already down on time and the game hadn't really started yet. @CAPS8 Take the King Bishop's pawn and move it up one space. @CAPS2 hit the clock like lightning. That's where the wire @CAPS2 moved the weakest piece of the board. I had to stop and think for a long time, or what it was like. I looked at the clock to see how I was on time. The scary thing is that I've been sitting there for about ten minutes and I haven't even touched a bad thing. @CAPS1 I picked up the @CAPS7 king piece and moved it two squares up, jumping @CAPS2 in a @CAPS13 game won't do anything that could hurt @CAPS7. I hit the @CAPS7 clock. We sat there for half an hour. @CAPS1 I got up and went to the bathroom. When I came back, I checked other @CAPS4's. Only completed one game was @PERSON1 with a kid I didn't know. I asked who won and it was the kid I didn't know because I had to go back to the @CAPS7 game. @CAPS2 still didn't move, for a minute I thought @CAPS2 was having trouble breathing. @CAPS2 yawned, moved his king knight's piece up two squares, and clocked it. It's weird that @CAPS2 just did a fool @CAPS10. I didn't even think about it, provoked the @CAPS7 queen all the way to a square in front of his cavalry. I say "@CAPS9 @CAPS10". loudly. @CAPS2 started laughing, I was confused at first because I beat him. Then @CAPS2 said, "everyone I played the first time did @CAPS13, @CAPS13 was open." @CAPS2 started laughing again, @CAPS13 We all laughed when I joined him because I beat him . Then @CAPS2 said: "@CAPS12 was the first to see that they could win in the first two." This surprised me, I think @CAPS2 has been winning and @CAPS2 has been giving people games They don't know. We started laughing again and the coach came over and saw I won @CAPS2 said good job and walked away. @CAPS8 said: "@CAPS13 is the beginning of a new beginning, I can now get off the board because someone can beat me." @CAPS2 walks up to the coach and must tell him that @CAPS2 wants me on car #1, now I'm in car #1, @CAPS7 new friend, @CAPS8 with me in car #2.
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Many people say that laughter is the key to life. If you can't laugh, then you're not a funny person. Many others consider laughter a very important part of the relationships they have. In my opinion, I think laughter is also important. It lightens the mood in embarrassing situations, and laughter will only make you and others happy. I personally would rather be with a happy person than an unhappy one. A few days ago, my mom, sister and I decided to go to the bowling alley at @LOCATION1. All three of us were invited to attend, along with about @NUM1 other women from @ORGANIZATION1 where we attended. We attend @ORGANIZATION1. We all made reservations at @NUM2 @CAPS3 @CAPS1 @CAPS2. We arrived first and sat there for about @NUM3 minutes. Finally, we saw some of our friends walk in. We ran over to greet them and told them where we were sitting. Our friends started getting bowling shoes from the counter and they ventured towards us. Once all our friends were there, we started bowling. We have a total of three @CAPS2s for everyone. My mom, sister, and I were all three in a driveway, along with two other friends. The first game we played a normal game. As usual, everyone was on strike except me. I became very depressed. So our second game started and we both decided to change the rules a little bit. We can't bowl as usual this round. Every time it was our turn, we came up with a new way and a new position to get the ball into the box. After a while, everyone ran out of things to try, so people started laying down and sitting on bowling balls and launching a different ball on the fairway. That's really hard. By the end of the second game, everyone was tired. Their arms were injured, as were their fingers. My last frame I stand up and pick up the ball I want to use. I'm in @CAPS2 next to me waiting for their turn to finish, then I go up to bowl. I got ready and got my arm back before I threw the ball down the fairway. Just as I was doing this, my fingers let go of the ball and I threw it. The whole side of the bowling alley I was in was laughing. I am so embarrassed. I blushed. That's too bad. Then on my next turn, I brought the ball back and pushed it forward and I literally threw it into the other lane. I fell to the ground and laughed. So funny. By far the best night I've had in a long time.
@ CAPS1 We @CAPS2 in @CAPS3 Laughter is a common @CAPS1 used in many different ways to release tension, appreciate a funny joke, or just express a giggle mood. I've found that laughter is the key to building intimacy with people. This is probably because everyone's laughter is personal, and every time someone laughs, they don't think about how they look or what they should say next to fill the awkward silence, and their guard is completely relaxed. Growing up with my dad proved this fact to me because our relationship was built on laughing at our problems or each other's difficulties. While my @CAPS2 has a good relationship with my @CAPS4, my relationship with @CAPS7 has been a silent and cautious one as we @CAPS2 have not been successful in bringing a sense of humor to the relationship. This proved to me that laughter and humor are two very important things that create a bond between two people. My dad and I @CAPS2 have been very close since I was a little girl, and I @CAPS2 have come to realize that whenever I talk about him to adults or really anyone, they know him. Everyone always seems to know my @CAPS4. It could be because of his sense of humor, it could be because older women found him attractive, it could be because he was nice, and either way, he was popular all his life. Also, since I've known my @CAPS4, he's never been a serious guy, and he'll make some humorous comments or jokes no matter the situation. Whether it's sadness, or being irritated by the magic of puberty and hormones, my mood changes completely, and because of that, it shows me the power of laughter. However, my relationship with @CAPS7 and I has been rocky for several reasons, I'm sure, but I believe one of them is that we'll never be able to laugh together, or enjoy ourselves. See, she's from @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, and in @LOCATION3 things are handled a little differently. For example, laughing or fooling around is considered disrespectful or immature, everyone should act right and children should respect their elders. So when my @CAPS4 married her, I introduced her to sarcasm and jokes. I never got the reaction I wanted, and since the connection was never made through laughter and humor, I felt wary around her. I @CAPS2 never felt like I could express myself around her. I often feel judged and embarrassed, and this shows me the impact of not having laughter. Human laughter is emotional and personal, like crying, it instantly makes you happy, kind of like a drug. Once you make someone laugh, you allow them to open up to you in a small way, and they not only open up to you, but through the good responses you receive, you start to connect with them. If there is no laughter in a relationship with two people, it tends to become awkward and neither one can feel comfortable opening up to each other. Since I'm my @CAPS9 daughter, I tend to joke like him. When there is stress, when someone is upset and I want to fix the problem right away, I make them laugh. Someone once said "laughing is the shortest distance between two people", my understanding of that saying is that laughing is something @CAPS1 everyone loves to do, it makes or maintains a relationship. This is @CAPS1, we will always use @CAPS2 in @CAPS3. So come on, guys, have a laugh.
It's not a fun day. We've all just heard very bad news. Neither of us laughed that close. None of us. Even the ones you always see smiling have the most serious expressions on their faces. It's just a bad day. But then one of our friends @PERSON1 had the great idea to go online and find something to cheer us up. This is really an amazing idea. We spent hours sitting on our computers looking up ridiculous videos we knew. Try to make each other laugh. That's when our day started to get better. But it fell back a bit when some left to go home. Only the three of us are still at home in @LOCATION1. @PERSON2, @PERSON1 and I were all sitting there watching @LOCATION2 when the show we both loved started. psychology. This is also a new episode! What a beautiful day it was. The show is full of very trivial and goofy humor, but it suits the three of us. @PERSON1 the most. We were all laughing and having a good time. @PERSON1 laughed after the show. So we asked what was funny. He just kept laughing. He laughed for five minutes. When he finally stopped, we asked again. what's so funny. Then he told us. "I was laughing at my own laughter. I sounded really weird." That's when we all started laughing. How could he laugh at his own smile. We quickly realized how hard it was to stop. After all that happened, it turned out to be a good day. Now, when we have a bad day. We just mentioned that day and we laughed at ourselves for ten minutes. Everything is fine.
Recently during @DATE2 on @DATE1, I had the privilege of meeting an uncle I never consciously knew. For me, it's an important part of getting to know my family because not only did I meet my uncle, but also a legitimate comedian aunt I've known for as long as I can remember, and my dad at a local shop called @ORGANIZATION2 The @CAPS1 restaurant. These three people are all in love with each other, which gave me a glimpse of what jokes, talk, and miss each other. I have a stepsister myself, but the level of nonsense in front of me is far greater than I thought. From the shenanigans my dad and his brother and @CAPS2 managed to get into, everyone was in for a laugh all the time. At one point, I started having trouble breathing. The spreading stories and all the bad jokes made me understand that in my family there is a long line of relatives who have inherited some genes that force us to tell bad jokes. Not even inappropriate, but simply stupid jokes. I realize my kids tell bad jokes. We dined there for a few hours before my dad had to leave his home in @LOCATION3 and I needed to be taken home to my family in @LOCATION4. But plan a day of exploration tomorrow at @ORGANIZATION3 and exchange tons of silly jokes. The next day I woke up, dressed and ready for my laughter, knowing I was going to fall for it. When I met my uncle and aunt and my uncle's girlfriend, we set off for what I think is the fish hatchery of @LOCATION1. All the jokes start slowly because everyone is tired and still awake for the rest of the day. We got to the hatchery and started feeding some of the fish they had in the pond. We observed these fish swimming in concrete canals for at least 20 minutes. We then walked through the hatchery and quickly back in the car to @ORGANIZATION1. Once we parked outside @ORGANIZATION1 we could hear the wonderful running sound, it was so beautiful I really needed to pee. We followed the trail and eventually climbed a well-defined trail to get a closer look at @ORGANIZATION1 and we were hooked. I was tortured at the thought of going to the toilet. I was able to hold it but it shortened our visit to @ORGANIZATION1 which was inconvenient for others but they had to. I will remember @ORGANIZATION1 for its pure natural beauty. After visiting @ORGANIZATION1, we'll head to @CAPS2's @ORGANIZATION3 a very touristy town. We drove by and I almost lost my mind when I saw the alpacas. Before we did anything at @CAPS2's, I first found a restroom and we both agreed we should have something to eat. The @CAPS4 themed restaurant was an obvious choice and we decided to satisfy our hunger in this beautiful restaurant. They seated us and our host was a very nice young woman. We scanned the menu for things that sounded appetizing. I found this restaurant won the award for the most delicious burger. Falling into temptation, I had to order one of the burgers. I don't regret doing this as it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. After satisfying the hunger that plagued us, our group set out to browse the gift shop and the silly novelties they carried. From bookstores to art galleries to shops selling nuts and spices until we came across @CAPS5-cream shop. After a day of walking, @CAPS5-cream was the best thing we had at the time. I have a very peculiar flavor with berries in it. But I haven't tried a better flavor. When we got the @CAPS5-cream, my uncle started sharing the story of his visit to @LOCATION5. Honestly, I wish I could go back to @LOCATION5 with him, it sounds like a magnificent city with so many places to explore. Sadly I can't, but now my goal is to finally visit where he lives at @LOCATION5. We finished @CAPS5-cream, then headed towards the car and drove to @PERSON1 to eat at a really good @CAPS9 restaurant @NUM1o @CAPS10's. We dined there and our stomachs were full of exquisite food that was delicious and tasty almost all day. It was my uncle's @DATE1 at @LOCATION2. I wish he would visit more often now, as we had a great time on @LOCATION2's little adventure with tons of bad jokes and stories.
I was late for the bus as usual; Barley had any time to sit before it moved. I saw my friends sitting behind another @CAPS2 seat and I stopped and said to them, "@CAPS1 guys make @CAPS2 hard to choose." I smiled sarcastically. @PERSON1 sitting behind @CAPS3 motioned me to sit with her. I gave @PERSON1 a quick smile and told her that @CAPS3 and I would turn around and talk to her. @PERSON1 laughed as @CAPS21 rested his head on my seat. @CAPS3 and I kept @PERSON1 quiet for about five minutes before we started talking to her. By the time we got to middle school, we all had a lot of fun. Until then @CAPS3, I'm fine! But as soon as the bus came out of middle school, we burst out laughing! Everything @CAPS21 said made me laugh, and everything I said made her laugh! However, after we left middle school, this 6th grader came to sit in front of us and he was annoying! He kept turning around, giving @CAPS3 and me weird looks and asking how many joints we pumped. Of course this broke @CAPS3 and me even more! I'm chattering about what's in my biology book. But I'm talking about notes! Boy apparently thought I was talking about joints. Well, I don't smoke, I don't try, and I don't let it come near me. @CAPS2 I think it's hilarious that he thinks I mean joints. @CAPS3 sits on my left with her head on the seat crying because @CAPS21 is trying so hard to laugh @CAPS2. Seeing this makes me laugh even harder @CAPS2, the sound we both made was a silent and deadly laugh. The boy still turned his eyes and raised his eyebrows. As soon as we passed the fruit packing company he started charging us @CAPS8. Now I'm trying to learn @CAPS8, @CAPS2 I don't know what he said to us. Neither does @CAPS3. Of course, he didn't know what he was talking about. He's leaning over the island to talk to these @CAPS8 native speakers who are also looking at us with big smiles on their faces. As a comedian, I decided to start talking about how he knows more about @CAPS8 and then me when he was in 6th grade! Of course he quieted down, but the @CAPS8 speaker was wailing amidst the laughter. I mean I was in tears when @CAPS3 got off. After getting off at @CAPS21, I decided to check out ol' @PERSON1. @CAPS21 looks like @CAPS21 wants to sleep, @CAPS2 I nudge her, @CAPS21 looks up at me. I personally had forgotten about @PERSON1 in the back until @CAPS3 got off at her stop. "@CAPS16 @CAPS1 @CAPS17.k? Does @CAPS1 need a doctor?" @PERSON1 asked with a confused smile on his face. I tried to talk but laughed between all my words, @CAPS2 it turned into pea soup! "@CAPS17.k, now @CAPS1 is really scaring me!" @PERSON1 retorted with a serious face. "@CAPS18 Come on @PERSON1! I want to scare @CAPS1! Freshman scares sophomore, sophomore-junior, junior scares senior?" I explained, laughing in between. My @CAPS19 still sounds like pea soup. "@CAPS20, but @CAPS1 scares me anyway. Don't do that!" @CAPS21 laughed. I put my face on the seat and look down @CAPS2, @CAPS21 can only see my eyes. Then I did my @CAPS22 @CAPS23 brow thing, I moved the brows from one side of the forehead to the other in a wavy fashion. I thought I was making her laugh! That's what I was, but outbursts made more people look at us. I mean focus is good. But boy still interrupts @PERSON1 and me. He just blurted out, "@CAPS24 bueno? @CAPS24 bueno?" @PERSON1, I'll look at him again. Of course he was fully focused. Then I thought, he insulted my mother, which @PERSON1 pointed out. But I didn't care at the time because I was in a good mood and I wasn't going to let someone I didn't even know ruin it. Both @PERSON1 and I looked up to see that she was no longer there. It's really something to remember looking back on everything we did together on the bus. The famous disappearing bus driver ride was a lively day and @CAPS2 is proof of my @CAPS19 paper bus ride. good time. I told her this when I got off at @CAPS21. @CAPS21 laughed, @CAPS2 I laughed too. Finally, when the bus reached my stop, I crossed the road to go home. For fun, I decided to look back at the bus. I did and saw the boy staring at me. I lost it then.
I met my best friend @PERSON2 in kindergarten. We were all shy at the time, and we looked to each other for comfort. Little did we know that the acquaintances we met with each other would soon develop into beautiful friendships filled with fond memories and laughter. Last year @DATE1, my family went to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3's grandparents' house. My grandparents usually only use the house once a year on @DATE2, so while they were at @LOCATION4's house, my parents decided to take advantage of the empty house. My siblings are in their 20s and busy with college, so my parents invited @PERSON2 to attend. We are excited because this is our first time together @LOCATION3. @PERSON2 and I have a lot planned and I can't wait to show her around @ORGANIZATION1 (@LOCATION1 @PERSON1). The only downside to this trip is that we will be driving and we will be in the car for about @NUM1 hours. I used to go to @ORGANIZATION1 as a kid so I knew this so I brought a notebook where we could draw and write. By the time we got to @ORGANIZATION1, the notebook was already full of drawings and funny sayings that @PERSON2 and I referenced each other. @PERSON2 and I have a weird sense of humor and we think everything is fun when we're together. It's probably the most ridiculous thing, we'll laugh out loud and no one knows why. Finally, @NUM1 hours later, we arrived at @LOCATION2, but it was late and we had to unpack, so I couldn't bring @PERSON2 until the next day. But that doesn't mean our nights weren't great, there was a pool house in the back yard of the house, my grandparents rented out the pool house to keep the family occupied when no one was there. My parents know a man named @CAPS1 who lives in the pool house. Neither of us met him, only heard the story of my brother living in the main house while he was in college at @ORGANIZATION1. That night, my mom asked me to pick up my dad from the backyard because dinner was ready and it was dark outside, so I asked @PERSON2 to come with me. When we went outside, we saw that my dad had introduced himself to @CAPS1. @CAPS1 Exactly as I imagined he was wearing red shorts, no shoes, and a peach T-shirt. He had blond hair, was scruffy, and looked like a big beach bum. @CAPS1 quickly walked up to me and @PERSON2 and introduced themselves. He is very nice and very stupid. Throughout our entire conversation @PERSON2 I couldn't keep my eye on it. @CAPS1 said he had to leave, so he wanted to teach us a handshake he made up. He reached out and curled his index, ring, and middle fingers so they were close to the palm of his hand, leaving only the pinky and thumb up. He motioned us to do the same. We all did as he said, put our hands in the center of our stand, he tapped our pinky and thumb on our little finger and thumb, he said good night and ran back to the pool. It's weird, but funny, my dad @PERSON2 and I do it occasionally. The next day I took @PERSON2 downtown and showed her around. As we were on our way back, we stopped at a craft store that neither @PERSON2 nor I had been to. When we walked in it looked like any other normal craft store, but as we explored further we noticed a large piece of armor and helmet worn by a @CAPS3 soldier. We were big idiots and decided we had to wear them, so we put on our helmets and armor and stood by the front shop window and waved to people. The ladies who work in the craft store are laughing at us, which makes us laugh at ourselves. We fell laughing and the people at work stopped laughing at this point, they were pissed because we fell in our armor. They came over and told us to take it off and we needed to leave. We did what they told us to do. By the end of the trip, we had so many memories and we can't wait to come back the following year. In my opinion, laughter is very important in relationships, it's healthy, and it means that sometimes you don't need words to express how you feel. This @DATE1 @PERSON2 and I will be back @LOCATION1 @PERSON1 and looking forward to the many new memories and laughter we will share.
On @DATE1 in the month of @DATE2, I experienced massive laughter. If I remember correctly, the event started on the day of @CAPS1 when my family got together to celebrate. The day started as normal as any @CAPS1 when everyone was busy preparing for a feast and I was lobbying, careless and blind to the world around me. Even so, I was able to work with my parents and prepare for that day. The sudden burst of joy finally got me in. A burst of laughter and joy hit me for no reason, and I just enjoyed it. People, my family, looked at me with puzzled eyes, perplexed by my actions and expressions, and kept their distance from me. While I went on, I was still worried because if I lost my mind, they would also lose confidence in my social skills. It was on that day that I noticed the other side of me, the side I wished to disappear from my existence. I'll never look in the mirror again and look at myself and see the sane person I used to admit. The day after I behaved strangely and unkindly among my peers, I tried to apologize for my behavior. Although the first attempt seemed to blow them away, it seemed to be due to the nature of my talk and excuses in the brief interview. So I went on with my life, again blind to my surroundings, but different in my early life. I felt my kind and gentle side was released and a relentless pressure was lifted from my shoulders, allowing me to continue with my daily routine. That's when I noticed another person creeping into my soul, and my alter ego emerged and took over my body. This alter ego, this alter ego, I gave the name @PERSON1, and with these new emotions, I accomplished great feats. Even today, he sometimes shows up when I accomplish feats of knowledge or stamina. He gave me strength and a promise to bring laughter to me and all my peers around me. I don't think he is another person, but another part of my being. Before that day, the other side of me had never been so clear and so committed. I do believe we all have this person, this personality, that empowers us to move forward and never look back. Finish.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. One of the things we do from birth is to laugh. Laughter is an incredible thing in the world of human existence, it relieves embarrassing situations, brings people together and makes life easier. Laughter is what everyone has in common. Some people find laughter in things different from others, but we can still laugh together. There have been many times in my life that laughter has helped me through difficult situations, brought me closer to someone, and made life more enjoyable. I remember one time I was trying out for the volleyball team. It was the first day of the tryouts and I was really nervous because I didn't know anyone. I've never even heard of these guys and now I'm going to compete with them. However, I know one thing about them. This is because we all have a common goal of building a team and being successful. The tryouts started and I felt like they wanted to know why I was there, but I ignored them and just kept trying. The workouts went well for the rest of the week, but it still felt like something wasn't right. I still feel like I don't belong there. It was the last day of the tryouts and the girls had warmed up a bit, but I still felt a little sick. After the last practice session, it was time to announce the team. I'm really nervous because what if I don't make it? Or what if I do it and everyone on the team hates me? He announced the name, and when he said my name, I started to give up hope. I was excited, but the girls seemed annoyed that my name was called. When I got home, I told my parents and they were excited for me. Then I told them I really didn't know anyone and felt like an outsider. They asked me if I tried talking to anyone and I said no, not really they didn't try to talk to me so I thought why would I do that? Then my mom told me that I can only get to know them if I put myself there. I thought about it and realized I really didn't. I ignore them as they ignore me. I'm not myself either because I'm really a cool guy and I'm funny and I just crawled into a shell this time for some reason. I decided I would put myself there in practice the next day. The next exercise I showed up was with a girl named @PERSON1. It was embarrassing, at first we just passed the ball back and forth quietly. Then I started talking to her, joking, and she laughed and I laughed, and we had a great time. The rest of the exercise went well. The awkward moment fades into laughter. We all work hard, joke around and laugh at each other, and I really feel like we're close. Their laughter brought us together. All the while, it feels like we're so far away and different, and it really isn't like that at all. Having fun and laughing together shows us how much we have in common, that we are all the same. I believe the laughter that day brought our team together. I will never forget that day. That day I learned about the importance of laughter in a relationship, understanding a person and how it brings people together. Volleyball that season allowed me to make a lot of new friends. I also learned a valuable lesson that awkward situations can always be turned around by laughter. I still talk to those girls on the team today and we laugh together today, just because you've known each other for a while doesn't mean the fun and laughter has to go away because I believe it should get stronger. Whenever I meet new people, I always try to break the ice and lighten the mood with something funny because I think an important point in our lives is to be happy, have fun and laugh together. This is exactly what I intend to do.
Day in and day out, people laugh. For many different reasons, only those laughing @MONTH1 know. There are times in everyone's life when they just have to laugh. Maybe it's because we're upset, or to make the situation more comfortable, to get to know someone better, or even just to start a conversation. I'm @NUM1 and I've finally been hired for a job. I am now an employee of @ORGANIZATION1. As the youngest @CAPS1 crew member, I have to impress. I don't know what @CAPS11 can do. My first few days were awkward and silent. I was so nervous, I kept thinking "@CAPS11 what I'm doing, I don't belong here. I don't know anyone and have no idea what I'm doing." @CAPS1 One of the hottest days of the year, we're done For the day's work, everyone at @CAPS1 went to the river. I'm not going to @CAPS1 until @CAPS2 and one of my schoolmates will come to me and say "hey @CAPS3 @CAPS21 Need a ride to the river?" @CAPS6 laughed. "Can @CAPS4 @CAPS21 take me to my house to get a pair of shorts?" I replied. "@CAPS5 I'll lend @CAPS21 a pair," @CAPS6 said. "I don't think @CAPS21 will have a pair for my fat ass," I replied. "@CAPS7 @CAPS7 @CAPS17 I'll let it go." @CAPS6 said @CAPS2 and I got on his truck and went to his house. As soon as I got into his truck I noticed something, a bottle with @CAPS11 in it I thought was coffee. I asked him (past tense. "@CAPS10 @CAPS21 need coffee in the morning?" I said "@CAPS11 is what @CAPS21 is talking about?" @CAPS6 replied "bottle". I said "@CAPS7 @CAPS7 @CAPS21 idiot, this Not saliva-chewing coffee." @CAPS6 replied I just left it there. We got to his house, walked in through the garage and saw the cutest dog I've ever seen, her name is @ORGANIZATION3. She followed us Walked through the house and @CAPS6 showed me around. Then handed me a pair of shorts and we went to @CAPS1. We both met at work and went from there. It was my first time to the river with them, I saw a lot of property that I've never seen before. We passed our hay barn and walked down the gravel road. To this gate to the river. I've never seen the gate and I'm in the @CAPS2 truck The road was full of ruts. Once we got to the river, everyone started to change. My boss's daughter and our group leader's girlfriend were there too. After getting dressed, I glanced at They, my team lead @PERSON1 looked at me and said "@CAPS16". So I turned around and @CAPS6 threw me the cooler. I tried the @CAPS16 cooler and it pissed me off. Everyone started Lol, even though I did, @CAPS6 came up to me and said, "That's to see my cousin and girlfriend." "@CAPS17 I looked, I didn't get a chance to hook up with them anyway" I replied. Everyone laughed and this is how we started our day by the river. In a good mood. We sat together, listened to music, chatted, had fun. Then @CAPS2 and @PERSON1, started down the river. So we all Gone, all of us trying @CAPS16. We finally did it, all of us were rocked @CAPS1 Our back was sore. I saw this log, sitting in the river. I climbed to the top, tried Backflip. Just for show, of course. Some @CAPS19 perfection in the river. We all started jumping up and having a great time. It started getting dark and we got to the bank and started walking back. Everyone went Different paths because we all know the best way to get back. We all ended up coming back. Then on to the @CAPS6 house, once we got to the house, they decided we went out to eat. Once we got to @ORGANIZATION2 all orders, @PERSON1 to me Saying "@CAPS20 o, @CAPS21 know we're all a little worried @CAPS21, @CAPS21 never said." "I have nothing to say" I replied. "@CAPS21 know you'll be checking out a guy's family and girls In trouble". @CAPS6 said. "I know, but I have no capable." I answer. I blinked at his cousin. "@CAPS21 has some balls, but I'm happy @CAPS21 @CAPS1 staff". @CAPS6 said. That's when I knew, and I was finally welcomed. I stayed at @CAPS2's that night and we just sat and watched @CAPS24 joking back and forth. Looking back now, I see that a good sense of humor can go a long way. Establish a good relationship. Now to me @CAPS2 is an older person to me.
Laughter is how I connect with my friends most of the time, and it's how I befriend a lot of people. You know when you're in a new class and you don't know anyone there, so it's kind of awkward because you feel like a loner. I try to take advantage of the situation and try to make new friends, but I'm not always the best at it, so when I get a chance, I make them laugh. First, we take small steps, the more we laugh together, the closer we seem to each other. By the end of the semester, you don't really like the class, but you don't want it to end because you've made such a good friend. The next semester you find out that you have a class with that person, but they don't like it, so they move out. Then you realize you're a little apart because you've never seen each other, and it's a little awkward if you never talk. The way we started our friendship was really serendipitous, but I didn't know many people in the class, and I didn't know people who were my friends. We sat together and after our two awkward silences she made a joke and I started laughing. The next thing we knew was in a week and would be talking to each other and soon we were hanging out a little. About halfway through the semester, we would have trouble talking too much in class, and we began to realize that we were starting to become best friends. The semester went on and we went out more and more and sometimes I would hang out with her. By the end of the semester, we didn't know what our course was, so we thought we'd be separated. The day we got our schedule, we talked to each other to see what our classes were. We saw that we had a class together and we were so excited. On the first day of the second term, we entered the art class we took together and we were laughing all the time. At the end of the term she told me she didn't want to take that class because she wasn't an artistic type. I went to my sixth period and wondered if she would actually switch out as she said. At the end of the sixth class, I saw her and she told me she was transferred to a class she wanted. I still know people from that class, but not the same because I know we're going to lose our friendship because we'll never meet. It's been a few weeks since last term and we barely talk and sometimes it's awkward just being around her because it's not like it used to be. Laughter is how she and I became friends, and the classroom is what separates us.
The atmosphere was sweet and the room was packed with most of my family and friends. Except for my brother, when I only had @NUM1 or @NUM2? Omg I don't really remember so I'm just guessing the age. Anyway back to this story, so I've been looking around for my bro in our @NUM1 story house, but for some reason this time seems impossible. All I could hear in the background was my family laughing as this little @NUM1 or @NUM2 year old was running up and down the hallway at full speed, opening and closing doors to rooms he had never been to. And also yelling "@CAPS1 where are you I can't find you" at the top of his lungs. There's one more door to open, and that's where the hallway begins, and everyone is sitting or standing. The little boy ran across the hall in a panic, unable to find his brother. And opened the door and popped @PERSON1 his brother, who wore a scary monster mask, saying "if you don't eat all your dinner, I'll get you tonight". So know what I did, like he told me. I ate dinner too fast and ended up throwing up because a was so scared that he would come to me that night! Funny, this happened @DATE1 in my life, so it's funny.
@CAPS1 Does laughter matter? In my opinion, laughter is important! How does laughter affect a person's life? If so, or not? Also, @CAPS1 Does laughter matter to me? Laughter is important for many reasons. In a relationship, every day of your life, and with those people in your life. What would the world be like without laughter? It will be very dry and dull. It helps to connect people together if they share the same sense of humor. Having a good sense of humor is very important these days. The sarcasm that many people use is not "laughing," but for some it might be, or some might get hurt by it. Most people who feel hurt, however, have no sense of humor in any way, form, or form. A lot of people have heard the saying, "Frowning is more muscular than laughing", and it's a very true fact! Having an honorable relationship with my significant other is the best. He can be affectionate by sharing our laughter, bringing us closer to a point where we simply could not have been without laughter and communication. For most people, having a sense of humor is important in a relationship. @CAPS1 Do you want to be with someone who bores you? Who @CAPS2 doesn't make you laugh when you're sad? I definitely don't want that. Laughing brings great communication skills, and by laughing with someone, it shows your perspective on the subject you are talking about. Can you imagine being in a relationship without laughter? Would you feel the same way about the people you were with without the laughter? How would you feel knowing that someone you love isn't very "humorous" and that @CAPS2 doesn't like to laugh a lot? I can't handle it. I want to love someone who is very funny and has a great sense of humor. Laughter is important to me for many reasons. I'd rather be with people who are very ecstatic than people who let me down! I think laughing is one of the most important things in my life and one of the most important things in my relationship with my significant other. It brings us closer. People ask, "Will @CAPS2 always be happy and never grow old?" "Of course not!" I would say in defense. @CAPS1 Does anyone think so? Always in an extraordinary mood, this will be the place I most want to be with my partner in my life. In my opinion, I think almost everyone will find what I'm saying is close. But people have their own opinion about laughter and laughter, @CAPS1 is important, they have their own opinion. I know some people who don't like being in a good mood and would rather be sad all the time and not care. Laughter can cheer you up!
When I think of a day with laughter as an element, I think of @DATE1. It was one of the worst days of my life. I was planning to break up with my girlfriend. That morning, my decision was final and I was going to make it. For some reason, when I woke up, I felt nauseous. That day, everything fell apart. Around @NUM1 @CAPS1 I went to my girlfriend's house and broke up with her. The next day, I couldn't smile to save my life. All day, my friends made me laugh and showed me that they cared. I felt better the next day. I smiled and smiled as if nothing had happened. My friends tell me jokes all day and are really stupid. They make me laugh so much. Over the next few weeks, I met another girl. I couldn't be more positive about my life. All I do now is smile and laugh. I don't need to live my life with sadness. All I can do is be positive and smile. Laughter is very important. No one deserves a day without it. Just let us live our lives to the fullest and leave the past behind. Think on the bright side and smile.
My high school @CAPS1 basketball team wasn't the best team, but one thing we had was being able to make each other laugh. At the start of @DATE1, the school held tryouts and determined teams. Some players don't come out after senior year, or the team is brand new. Filled with players of all ages. We're all polite in practice, but we're not all good friends who want to hang out outside of practice. The @CAPS1 team decided to retreat to the beach and spend a weekend at @CAPS2. When we left to go to the beach, our phones were taken and we were assigned seats in the car. This trip seems like it would be a long time without my phone. We arrive at @TIME1's house. When we all found a place to relax, shower or sleep, most of the team ended up talking to the coach in the living room. We're all sitting on the floor reminiscing about @TIME1's gaming stories or funny stories from our past. By the time we finished our story, it was @TIME2 and everyone in the house was either tired or hungry. When we sit on the floor complaining about being tired or hungry, we all start turning our attention to @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 starts tirade about how hungry she is. In her opinion, when we got @CAPS2, she thought the house we lived in should have food ready for us, but @CAPS2 didn't have food. As she continued to rant, she became more and more frantic, which made us laugh harder and harder. Finally, she achieved her purpose. "@CAPS2 has no steak or chicken in these grotesque moms' cupboards." @PERSON1 announced. That's when coaches and players start laughing uncontrollably. @PERSON1 don't understand why it's so funny, but we keep laughing because she just said @CAPS2 is supposed to be steak and chicken in the cupboard. The burst of laughter continued for the next five to ten minutes. When we finally started to calm down, @PERSON2 went downstairs. She missed what happened and stopped us when we went to fill her @LOCATION1. "@PERSON2 @CAPS4 looking at the cabinets on the counter," @PERSON1 said. @PERSON2 hesitantly got up from the counter and slowly began to open the cabinet. When she opened the cabinet, she looked inside and all she could see were chips. She turns to look at @LOCATION1. "@CAPS3?" asked @PERSON2. @PERSON1 just sat @CAPS2 smiling as she turned to @LOCATION1. Then she finally answered the question. "@CAPS4 give me some chips @CAPS2!" @PERSON1 said. Everyone in the room started laughing because @PERSON2 was confused as to why she was asked to @CAPS4 at the counter just so she could @CAPS4 @PERSON1 for chips while the whole @TIME1 has been sitting by the counter. The whole basketball team started laughing again. @PERSON2 got off the counter with no chips in hand. We all kept laughing and spent the next @NUM1 minutes talking about what just happened at @CAPS3. When everyone finally starts to settle down on @TIME1, @CAPS2 is still those moments of "when @CAPS5 said this" and "@CAPS5 when she did it." Our first @TIME1 at the beach did more for us, then we realized. By going to the beach to reminisce together, we were brought together by two things in common. The love of basketball, and most importantly the ability to come together as a team, is all about sharing @TIME1 memories in the kitchen. Today we are still @CAPS4 on each other's nerves and sometimes we lose our temper But we always laugh at the crazy things that happen on the road but we laugh the most is @CAPS3 @TIME1 in the kitchen.
It's a regular day for @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1. On that special day we should start our state writing test. I'm not necessarily worried about it, as I've been doing pretty well with state tests and never failed state tests. @CAPS22 It's almost an ordinary day for @PERSON1. But I didn't know @CAPS18 was waiting for me in the computer lab.....Thanks to the new @ORGANIZATION1 state exam law, we have to take the writing exam on the computer. The only place in school that has enough computers for the whole class is the @ORGANIZATION1 computer lab or the old computer lab (I don't know why we use the @ORGANIZATION1 computer lab, but we do). @CAPS22, I'm already emotional because @CAPS1's sense of humor usually cheers me up and makes me emotional. @CAPS22, @CAPS1 and I started joking about @PERSON3 as we walked to the computer lab, mostly because everyone else did, @CAPS22 we just added effects. @CAPS19 We got to the computer lab, but the door was locked. @CAPS22 While we waited for @PERSON2 to lock her door and go down to the computer lab, @CAPS1 and I made a few more jokes about @PERSON3, but I don't know the real humor waiting for me in the computer lab. When @PERSON2 walked up to the door and unlocked it, I was @ORGANIZATION1 coming in and taking my desired seat. @PERSON4 is next to me, @CAPS4 is next to him. I remember a trick with the computer when you press @CAPS5 @CAPS19 @CAPS6 @CAPS19 @CAPS7 when it goes to a different screen you press @CAPS8 and it puts the computer to sleep. I tried it a few times while he was watching and he kept throwing my hand away. After a while, I decided the best thing to do was for him to forget about it, @CAPS19 when he least expects it. @CAPS22 About @NUM1 minutes after I planned my trick, I tried it again. I found him looking at @CAPS4. @CAPS22 I tweeted @CAPS5 @CAPS19 @CAPS6 @CAPS19 @CAPS7. @CAPS19 It went to another screen and I pressed @CAPS8. My plan worked. @CAPS19 @PERSON4 The computer turns around as soon as it goes to sleep, freaking out. He started yelling at me and hitting me. I thought it was kind of funny @CAPS22 I had a few laughs, but nothing prepared me for what @CAPS18 was about to happen. @CAPS4 asked @CAPS18 I was laughing after @PERSON4 woke up his computer and started his test. I told him, "@CAPS15, you should have seen it. I put @PERSON4's computer to sleep and he got mad at me." @CAPS4 laughed, and went back to his test. Two minutes passed and @CAPS4 tapped me on the shoulder. I looked at him and asked, "@CAPS18 up kid?" @CAPS19 @CAPS4 said, "@CAPS21 this." @CAPS22 I sat up straight and looked at him. @CAPS19 He asked @PERSON4, "What did @CAPS18 @PERSON1 do to your computer? This?" During @PERSON4's test, he held down the power button and shut down the computer. I thought I was going to cry. @CAPS22 had me funny, @CAPS4 started laughing as loudly as possible. @PERSON2 of course not happy with that. @CAPS22 She told me and @CAPS4 to be quiet. But that's okay. A little scolding doesn't make it funny. @CAPS22 We finally got back to our own tests. I hope I do well on this. I really need to pass grades.
Has @CAPS3 ever been in that mood where @CAPS3 just couldn't stop laughing, @CAPS3 just couldn't stop anyway? That's the question of my good friend @PERSON1. When @PERSON1 was with me. Most of the time, we're just talking about random things that we all find funny. Fortunately for the teachers, we only have two classes. In both classes, though, we sat next to each other. So teachers are not very lucky either. Just the other day, at @CAPS1 @CAPS2, we were allowed to move our seats and this is our new position in class. The girl sitting next to me moved and sat next to @PERSON1. Now, @ORGANIZATION1 doesn't really like this girl, so I say "@PERSON1, @CAPS3 can sit next to me!". @PERSON1 grabbed her stuff in an unusually quick manner, came to sit next to me. Interestingly, when she sat down, she said "@CAPS3 saved my life.". For some reason @PERSON1 I started laughing nonstop. We can't control it. Honestly, it's not funny. I guess it's just that she said I saved her life. I'm so glad @PERSON1 is sitting next to me in @CAPS1 @CAPS2. It would be boring without her. At @CAPS6 we sat together and had a lot of fun. Our @CAPS6 class is at the end of the day, so we're ready to go home by then. @PERSON1 sits with me, and @PERSON1 and I pass notes back and forth as we take notes. She talked to me about everything from a teenage girl's struggles in high school, to boys and parents. I can tell her almost everything, it's a good friend. Over the years @PERSON1 and I have become increasingly close friends. Last year, I took at least three or four classes with her. So we used to take classes together. @PERSON1 and I became more familiar and open to things. I told her everything and she told me everything. I think one of the reasons we've become good friends is because she and I find the same things funny. We have the same interest in things. She is a good friend and I am glad she is my friend. Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. I would definitely agree with this.
Hi everyone, my name is @CAPS1. I'm just an ordinary girl, like other girls' stories. I'm writing this because of what this story means to me, and I want to share it with you @CAPS2. Honestly, I depend on a good laugh in my day. Life without laughter would never be mine. Laughter brought me who I am today. Not only has @CAPS2 brought people like me, but @CAPS2 has brought me all my friends and people I love. Like I use the laughter between me and my boyfriend @PERSON1. @PERSON1 and me, just like any other couple. We have fun and do things together that we think. The worst is when we hit. Like everyone else, we have hard times and we have good times. When we wake up our hard times all start. It was still dark when I woke up. The smell of @freshairTIME1 makes me feel refreshed. I always feel like the happiest girl in the world. A while after I woke up, I texted @PERSON1 well @TIME1 and we usually, always talk through @TIME1. He talks about sometimes seeing me or I just see him at school. When I saw him, I was happy and my toes were curled. We would go for a walk and talk about everything, anything, just life. At this point, he thought it was time to say something interesting. So what he does, what he will do, how I look fun, what I say and what I wear. He didn't find @CAPS2 hurt, but for me @CAPS2 was. A lot of times I even want to say that saying average back to @CAPS2 just makes @CAPS2 worse it doesn't help. Not long, maybe after a few seconds, we start fighting. He doesn't understand, he has hurt me or he doesn't care. @PERSON1 told me he did nothing wrong. So I try @CAPS2 to explain and he doesn't listen. I just stop trying and if he realizes how much he hurts me or something is bothering me that's fine, but I'm not going to fight anymore, so I just stop explaining things. Enough was in my mind, so I cried and he gave me the silent look. It just made everything worse so of course our struggle jumped out and got worse. There is yelling, screaming with tears and mean, rotten words thrown all over the mess. I'm usually in the middle of the @CAPS2 storm cause I can't go. Last time went by and we haven't talked about it all day. We have nothing to tell each other. Finally someone was kind enough to talk or say something to another. Still borderline, each of us, so I say something silly or funny to lighten the mood. I would do anything to see the smile on his face, even though we've done each other wrong, I still love him, can't speak for @CAPS2 anymore. Of course, his smile was exactly the smile I was looking for that made me happy. @PERSON1 would be better than asking for a hug and letting him hug me even if I don't answer, or if I say no, @CAPS2 doesn't matter to him. He apologized and explained a couple of things to me. I feel bad because of the stress and struggles I hate the most so our work @CAPS2 comes out. Now, as you can see, if I didn't laugh I might be depressed. Things will be harder and more complicated without a big laugh. But a good laugh and a simple joke can ease things and make them a lot better in life. I just want people to understand what a little laugh can do to your day. If @CAPS2 can change your day in such a big way than @CAPS2 can change your life in an important way. Things @MONTH1 encounter hard and rough. When I look back on my life and see what @CAPS2 did for me, I, I know I'm laughing, even though I did those days, every one and @CAPS2 brought me a backup.
They say it's true @CAPS8 time flies when you have fun. On a particularly warm @DATE1 @TIME1, rehearsing for a great production of "@CAPS1 @CAPS2", I brought some cheap but delicious food to my best friend @PERSON2. We chatted and ate for a while, but finally it was time for me to go. @CAPS3 We went down the stairs to the back door of the building and I asked if they needed any help. "@CAPS3 Actually we did!" @CAPS7 enthused. "We need a women's outfit @CAPS4." I have absolutely no idea what @CAPS8 means, but I think this position has potential. "@CAPS5, I can do it. Just one question..." I said, a little confused. "@CAPS6?" @CAPS7 replied slightly amused. "@CAPS8 What the hell am I going to @CAPS12 for?" I asked her. We rerouted to the dressing room so @CAPS7 could introduce me to @PERSON1 who will be @CAPS12 my boss for the next two weeks. We arrived to find that @CAPS7 had gone home for the night. A bit of a frantic @PERSON2 told me the basics of my work. @CAPS9 Basically the thing about @CAPS8 is that youre going to @CAPS12 to do the dressing room and on-stage costume changes, @CAPS7 snapped. "@CAPS11 OK, I can do it," I replied confidently. @CAPS3 I started talking to her more about @CAPS8 I would @CAPS12 do @CAPS7 say @CAPS7 has to leave because the break is over. "@CAPS12 at @NUM1 tomorrow morning and you'll learn everything you need!" @CAPS7 snapped. @CAPS3 @CAPS7 ran into the theater and I could hear the protagonist of the play start his line. "During my younger, more vulnerable years, my dad gave me some advice..." I left feeling happier and more excited than I had in months. The next morning, I headed to the theater at my former school. It feels weird to be back there, but completely normal at the same time. It's even more comforting to know that I can see my friends every day. I can hug them, laugh with them, and I can have social interactions! Something I've been lacking because of online schools. I walked into the theater, @CAPS3 soon @CAPS3 I did, and I was bombarded with excited people hugging me tightly and asking why I was there. "I'm helping get dressed!" I said they were just @CAPS3 excited @CAPS3. I broke free from the crowd and found @PERSON2 who was directing the lights on stage. We chatted for a while, then @CAPS7 took me to the dressing room where @PERSON1 was waiting for me. @PERSON1, a classy lady. @CAPS7 wears a light grey cardigan and colorful top with corduroy pants and fitted shoes. @CAPS7 immediately started telling me @CAPS8 that my role is, @CAPS8 I'm going to @CAPS12 to do it that day. " @CAPS7 handed me a pen and a stack of paper" @CAPS15 documented the location of lighting problems and things like that.  said @CAPS7. I walked out, came to the auditorium curiously, took a seat in the second row. The lights dimmed and rehearsals began. My dad gave me some advice during my young and vulnerable years. " @CAPS16 I know, at the end of the day, I'm in no rush to leave. The cast and crew did an amazing job on this drama, but I know my job is done. In the end it all went well and we had Some great shows and some @CAPS1 shows, but the most important part of this experience is spending time with people I love. I miss them terribly when I'm sitting alone in my room doing my homework and it's going to make me Joy and laughter drained to the internet. On the other hand, I'm all lined up to help my old school for the next two productions.
Share your many laughs in life @CAPS13 and enjoy the sweet and tender chorus that @CAPS13 shares with the people in your life. No matter how unbearable the struggles in @MONTH1's life are, laughter makes @CAPS13 instantly happy. There are many moments in my life that I am happy with laughing and smiling. But one moment stood out more than others. This moment was @CAPS1 before my grandpa died. This @CAPS1 is the best. It's a white @CAPS1, and this time, snow isn't the only thing that sparkles. On this day, everyone in my family is smiling, we are all thankful that my grandpa survived the sudden heart attack of the previous week, and we all know his day is coming. We have to make his last @CAPS1 a great finish. My grandpa is the cutest old man, no matter how sad @CAPS13 is, he always makes @CAPS13 smile. He was someone who loved the laughs of his grandchildren and he made sure he made an impact in our lives. This @CAPS1 though is where our laughter has the biggest impact. On @DATE1, everyone on my dad's side drove over the mountains to their destination; my house. The house is covered in @CAPS1 decor that sparkles with the happiness that lies within each of us. My grandpa was the first to walk in. I jumped into his arms and said, "I love @CAPS13 grandpa with all my heart! Happy @CAPS1!" @CAPS8 This he laughed and started tickling me like I did when I was a kid. He grabbed my hand and started spinning me, humming his favorite song. My laughter broke out as we spun to the tune of his favorite song. When this happened, I looked my grandpa in the eyes and saw his love. He always said, "Little kid's laughter always brings joy to anyone, even the cruelest." @CAPS9 We're still spinning and all the rest of my family has walked into the house. They smiled at us, but we didn't care. This will be a great @CAPS1, nothing can ruin us. As everyone entered the house, we all sat in the living room and shared all the stories of the past and the good times we shared. We all know this is what my grandpa needs and in his eyes we can all see how happy he is that he has a family that can let go of all the hardships we've been through and sit down as a family and be with each other enjoy. Now everyone is laughing and recalling the stories that made our family what it is. My aunt @PERSON2 is someone who knows them all by heart, she can even act them out. My grandpa sat there and laughed. Watching his only daughter do what she does best fills him with enjoyment. Dinner was almost ready, and my grandfather and I were sitting at the table alone. We start playing the game we've been playing. I got under the table and sat in random seats like a cat. My grandpa always said "@CAPS11 down @PERSON1, the food is not suitable for @CAPS13." Then I would go and sit next to him and meow beside him and we would laugh. No one else understands my relationship with my grandpa. But that's okay, we're all laughing people every vacation; we enjoy life and we never let any @CAPS11 give us. He was the only person in my family who knew how to enjoy and he helped me live that way. Dinner was served and we were all seated in our normal seats. My mom's food looks amazing as usual. My grandpa and I sat opposite each other as usual, making the most unusual expressions on each other. Our laughter filled the room making @CAPS1 even better. When we both finished dinner, my grandpa got up and walked to the door, looking out at the beautiful scenery covered in white blankets. I walked over to him and looked up at him. He bowed his head and smiled at me: "@CAPS13 will never experience the good in life until yours is gone. The most beautiful thing for me is your smile. It always brings joy to my heart. If I could Hear one more voice and it would be your smile @PERSON1 and if I could see one more thing it would be your smile. I'm so happy to be your grandpa and I'm glad I'm alive to see @CAPS13 Growing up such a beautiful and sweet girl. Always remember and enjoy every moment. Especially with the ones @CAPS13 loves."
Many people say that laughter is an important part of any relationship, and I agree that many people don't always laugh, and in every relationship, laughter is an important part of getting someone to have the best day they've ever had. There are always people who are having a bad time at school or at home or anywhere else you should always cheer them up when you see someone like that and say something nice or just say hope you have a great day @DATE3, Give them a smile so you can put aside the bad things that keep them from laughing, you just made the day by sharing your smile and laughter with them. A lot of people need someone to go to when they have a very difficult situation or a problem they have, they can't get through it alone at home or even at school, they need someone they can talk to and share their feelings with someone who can let them It's always feel good to cry on the shoulders and let all the pain and inner selves communicate to others that we all need to make people who are going through hard times smile and laugh which is always very healthy in a relationship it's kind of Ways to provide healing to people in pain or grief. It reminds me of a true story that I know because I was there. One time I had a girl in elementary school and she was a very happy girl and she shared her laughter and happiness with everyone else the best girl in school and everyone liked her and she always showed her kindness to others Love and respect Of course, her parents will always give her what she wants, or at least we all think so. That was @DATE1 and we got to @DATE2 and we were all in school except this girl, she never missed a day of school so it was weird she wasn't there but like everyone else she must be sick so we That's what I thought it was just that she missed day after day and day after day so I started to think she'd moved out and she might never come back but the next week after that she showed up and it was nice to see her, I miss that girl, except she has something very different, she's different, she doesn't laugh or smile anymore, she loses the sparkle that makes her so different. I thought to myself "what's wrong with her?" I finally found out that she was gone because her mother had left I was so sad I didn't know what to say she was happy and from one day to another she didn't have a mother anymore , I thought I had my parents and neither should she share the joy she shares with me and others and be there for her as she goes through the toughest times of her life. That's why being happy and sharing your joy with others is always the greatest thing you can do for someone because you never know what's going on there and they need someone to make them smile and laugh.
Building @CAPS1 with laughter @CAPS2 When I was little, my uncle would bring the funniest cards for my brother and I's birthdays, just to see our reactions. Then when my uncle moved to our nearby west coast, we would get mad at each other just to see each other's reactions. We always knew when each other was having a bad time, and when they got up when they were down. When my family and I went back to @CAPS3 when we were young, we would always celebrate each other's birthdays with our uncles. He would bring us the funniest cards and we would sit and laugh for hours. Then when he moved to @LOCATION1, my brother @PERSON1 and I started making fun cards for him to see who had the best cards. We got each other cards ranging from sexual humor to vulgar humor. We'll come to each other's birthdays with smiles, @CAPS2 ear to ear, waiting for each other to open the card. One year, on his birthday, I bought him a card with some older ladies on it with some sexual humor. It can be said that no one has beaten that card. My uncle and I work in the same building, but in different ways. He's the sales manager, and I put these things together for him to sell. When I walked into work, I always passed him by to see how he was doing. For the most part, he was either laughing or mad about something about his day. On the days he was upset and went outside to hashtag @ORGANIZATION1, I immediately started teasing him. Sometimes he gets more angry. But when he does, he always seems to laugh after the fact, or come back with rude words. This happens every day and it always seems to light up our days. This year we bought two season passes from @CAPS4.Hood. I wasn't very good at skiing at first and always fell over. When I fell, he would lie down beside me smiling and I would be very upset. We would laugh on the way home and talk about how I always fell. But over time I slowly got better than him and would wait for him at the bottom of the run. At one point when we were going up he couldn't seem to stay on his board and would keep falling over. This is when I can finally get him back forever, when he laughs at me for not being able to stay on my skis. I've never laughed so hard in my life on that trip home. Coming down and commenting on him not being able to stay on his board was one of the warmest things I felt. Making rude remarks is not warm to me. It warmed me to see that he couldn't say anything because his time was finally being teased. My uncle and I have the relationship we have today because he influenced me when I was very young. His ability to make me laugh at his jokes and know when to make my day happy is one of the best things that has happened to me so far. Change my life for the best, change my personality. These laughable experiences turned our "nephew and nephew" relationship into a friendship. My life is full of laughter, and my life will be full of laughter because of one person.
When I was in what I thought was sixth grade, I went to @ORGANIZATION1. This year, I feel as though I've grown up to ride "big kid" rides that I've never done before. I remember walking to the entrance of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 hotel with my mom, sister @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1 little sister @CAPS3. We had to go there as it was the fastest way to get into the park. There are huge stained glass like windows leading to the lobby of the hotel. The door is beautiful. Outdoors they saw bears, fish, trees, rivers @ORGANIZATION1 mountains. We all walked into the hotel. The ceiling must be twenty feet high. We followed the signs along the lobby @ORGANIZATION1 until we reached the park entrance. There is a man-made mountain in the middle, shaped like a grizzly bear, and one of the rides is built around it. It's early in the morning, so the heat from @LOCATION1 hasn't quite gotten in yet. We start with the smaller rides that come with @ORGANIZATION1, like Hard to Be a Bug @NUM1, shopping in the park @ORGANIZATION1 parade. My mom was afraid to get back on stage in time to see @LOCATION2, but we never got back in time. It was around noon @ORGANIZATION1 and the sun was hot. We are walking towards the pier. @CAPS4 @CAPS5's song @ORGANIZATION3 plays in the background. Old sunscreen advertisements are painted on the fence around the other end of the park. On the opposite side of the pier is a man-made ocean, all dyed blue, unbelievable. When you put a blue cleaning product in the toilet, it looks a bit like water in the toilet. The air smells like fried food @ORGANIZATION1 popcorn, that makes me @LOCATION3. We continued walking until we reached the roller coaster @ORGANIZATION2'. There is a fifteen minute waiting time for the ride, which is not that long. My sister @ORGANIZATION1 I cut in line @ORGANIZATION1 to start waiting. I've never been on a roller coaster this big before, so I don't know what to expect. I have butterflies in my stomach and I get nervous but don't want to back down. Finally we came to the front of the line. The man standing there working asked "how many?". My sister raised two fingers @ORGANIZATION1 The man pointed to the ground next to him @ORGANIZATION1 said "row 8". The next set of cars goes to @ORGANIZATION1 and they take us to the eighth car in the row. I pulled down the safety bar. The ride begins. The roller coaster stopped at the corner @ORGANIZATION1. I have speakers on both sides of my head that I didn't notice until the sound started coming out of them. Here's a man's voice @ORGANIZATION1 with some background music. Voices count down from ten @ORGANIZATION1 shouting "take off" @ORGANIZATION1 is driving at high speed. It went by so quickly that my face was pushed back into a smile. The ride then slowly climbed to a huge mountain top @ORGANIZATION1 and fell to the bottom. Even upside down, @ORGANIZATION1 has a lot of twists and turns! By the end of the photo shoot, I was crying and I was laughing so hard. My sister @ORGANIZATION1 I exited the ride @ORGANIZATION1 walked to the booth and they showed pictures they took of people on the ride. Both of our faces are priceless. Then we rode five more times before heading back to the hotel for dinner. I've been addicted to roller coasters since that day, and @ORGANIZATION1 has ridden it many times since.
It was @DATE2 and it was around @NUM1 degrees west of @LOCATION1 and a couple of my friends were really bored and hot and all we really had to do was stay home and play video games. So I ended up with the idea of getting out and cycling to the store, grabbing some ice cream and water, and riding up Burger Hill, maybe sitting in the shade. Everyone agreed to the plan so all my friends left and we all took a shower at home and met me around the corner and rode our bikes to the store to get everything and when we went When we were on the hill, a few of those older kids who were in middle school came and jumped all of us and stole all our food. Now these guys have been picking on us for some reason and to this day @CAPS1 still don't understand why maybe it's because we don't like what they do or they hate us because my friend @PERSON3 stole a baby girl friend but that's another story. So after they slammed our faces into the dirt, they got on their bikes and rode into the sunset like they were proud to beat @NUM2 years old, our day was ruined, my eyes were black Yes, @PERSON3 threw it up, @PERSON2 limped, poor little @PERSON1 got a little scratch on his little head. The next day after the brutal beatings, I had a group meeting in the treehouse and seriously, I'm sick of them beating us up, stealing our food, giving us super traitors, we need to stand up against our oppression Because it's been happening for so long, I have a perfect plan to make sure they don't hurt us anymore, the plan is this, @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 will talk to all the kids they abused and get them Join our revolt and we'll get all the water balloon eggs and rotten food. One of the kids knows they always leave the house at @NUM3 pm and get on their bikes so at night @NUM4 me and @PERSON3 will flatten a couple of their tires and every thing that gets into my little head is genius so after A day of planning and hard work and complaining to our parents about the money, the plan was finally set, so we waited, as the kids said, once they noticed their tires were cut a few kids jumped out of the bushes , started throwing food at them, then me and a couple of kids passed by them on our bikes, threw water balloons at them, and they all separated those whose bikes weren't slashed, they chased us, they treated me as Signaling @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 pulling the rope, we ran fast, almost caught up with us, the older kids flew off their bikes with faces like in the movies, it looked like the plan was going well and it looked like we won Well, but as usual some things are so good we seem to forget about the other big kids in the neighborhood and when they see this, their reinforcements come in and they completely collapse soon after they come in and they ride like lions on Suppressed us like a gazelle beat each of us like we stole something but fortunately I was smart and told my parents and my friends parents were on the kids and our parents were quick on them Shout out and tell their parents what happened to them as a god ended up grounded by everyone else @DATE1 and at the end we all played peacefully without fear.
Did you laugh till you pee? @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 didn't happen to me. In my story, I'm going to talk about the funniest time I had with my best friend @CAPS1. It all started when it was my best friend's birthday and she was spending the night at her grandma's. She only invited me to go with her, so I couldn't say no. @CAPS1's grandmother owns @CAPS2 @CAPS3. She's older and in the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 club. I don't know about you, but it seems to me that old people always have to be in some kind of club. So anyway, in her club, all she does is travel. @CAPS1, I thought it would be fun to travel. So we're referring to everyone at @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS1's grandma let us go to the store to buy drinks for that trip. I want @CAPS4. The bottle is really cool. It has a top like a water bottle. I got the red one because it's the best. We got drinks and @CAPS1's grandma said she was going to the car while she talked to the adults about the trip. So here is the interesting part of the story. I got in the car first. I was very thirsty, so I decided to unscrew the lid it pulled off so I could reprint it when it was on sale. I screwed the cap back on and took a sip. Meanwhile, @CAPS1 got in the car and closed the door behind her as her grandma was talking to an adult. When she closed the door, her hair got caught in the door. She laughed and yelled for me to help her. I laughed too hard to help her. I had a drink between my legs and the lid was open, remember it was like a water bottle cap. I laughed so hard, my legs came together, and the juices flowed straight into the front seat. It didn't get, just in her grandma's seat. Like a rocket, so much fun. @CAPS1 with his head still stuck on the door, asks what the announcement is from the seat. I told her it was my juice. Then the two started laughing. I don't know why, but @CAPS1 just pulled her head and her head is no longer stuck. Like ten strands of her hair stuck in the car door. She looked at the seat and said we had to tell her grandma about it. I don't want her to be mad at me because her seat is white. I thought it would get dirty. But we ended up telling her. She told us to go to the bathroom to get napkins. @CAPS1 and I laughed so hard the whole time we went to the bathroom. We cleaned up the mess and I didn't get in trouble. I don't think I've ever pissed my pants while laughing, but I almost did that day. After that day, my best friend @CAPS1 and I always laughed at that story. I'm so glad we took the Seniors @ CAPS2
For a year and two months, I have dedicated my life to horses, school and @CAPS1. We started with friends in @CAPS2 grade and then escalated to @LOCATION1 grade relationships. We broke up later that year, but we were still "friends". Obviously I still care about @CAPS1, but I don't believe he feels the same way. But obviously I was wrong, we started a new relationship at @NUM1 pm on @DATE1. It was the perfect start to our "perfect relationship". He and I were inseparable from the beginning and we literally did everything together. I'm @PERCENT1 and I'm irreversibly in love with @CAPS1. Between the two of us, we shared some wild memories and inside jokes. I might write a bestselling novel of all our memories, and I truly believe @CAPS1 and I will be together forever. I thought everything was fine until he had to put it out and he liked someone else. At that time, I had no idea where our relationship (or me) was. I do not want to know. I can't keep being open if it's going to be stepped on, but I love @CAPS1 and would do anything to make it work. I stayed one night with @CAPS1 and we chatted until @NUM2. He and I decided to try and make it work, but there's no guarantee it will work. The next day, everything seemed to be fine. I'm still very annoyed that he likes another girl, but I'm using all my powers to make the most of what we have. We decided to take his dog @CAPS3 for a walk. We walked and held hands, but it was too quiet. why? He is texting @CAPS4. At that point, I decided this was the last straw. It feels like I'm in the way, so I feel like my only option is to leave @CAPS1. An hour later, I walked through the door completely disoriented. I cry until I feel like I can't cry anymore, and then I'll cry more. At the time, I really felt like the world was ending right in front of me. My life is over. My days were getting long and frustrating and I felt like all I could do was give up. My heart breaks every time I see @CAPS1, and it gets worse when people keep asking what's going on. I can't tell them it's not a moment I want to relive. I can't stop thinking about @CAPS1 and all the memories we shared. That year and two months was the greatest period of my life. I cry almost every time I think about @CAPS1. I can't stand the thought of not having @CAPS1 and keep thinking that @CAPS1 made me a walking zombie. I couldn't eat, I couldn't drink, I would throw up from stress. But as I sat there alone with my memories, a miracle happened: I laughed. I was shocked, but it made me realize that I need to move on with my life. I don't regret any time spent with @CAPS1, he changed my life. He taught me a lot about loving someone. I knew from that little laugh that things would get better. A spark of hope and I will be happy again.
The word (laughter) @MONTH1 means a smile or something nice that happens to someone, even a thank you, but for many it means the action or sound of laughter. For many people, the inner feeling when they laugh is the feeling of happiness. Inner good is what it means to be happy in life; to maintain balance in your life. To me, that word (laughter) means joy and the feeling of doing something good in life. For example, when a couple gets married, they need a sense of laughter so they can enjoy their company. It was @DATE1, @NUM1, @NUM2 early in the morning and I left so excited because that day I was going to visit my grandmother, grandfather, aunt, uncle and cousins I hadn't seen in about eight years. I remember feeling happy and sad at the same time that morning. I'm leaving for two and a half months and I'll miss my family and friends, but at the same time I'm happy and quit. We arrived at the airport that morning; I was about to take my first plane. When I was trying to find my seat from a large group of people, they were also looking for a seat; I sat down, buckled myself in my seat, and looked out the window and the whole place. My stomach was going in circles and I had the feeling that the roller coaster was about to take off. The next thing I knew the plane was moving, I was a little scared, but at the same time I was excited. During the flight, I felt a laughter deep in my soul; childhood memories of @LOCATION2 turned my emotions into laughter and tears, and it made me feel better than ever. The thought of seeing all my family and friends was captivated by my hearing and emotion. When we arrived at @LOCATION1 airport; my emotions went back and forth. We only have two flights left to reach our destination. I was tired, sleepy, my legs and arms hurt so bad, it felt like you were tending two big bags of potatoes on either side of my legs and arms. We decided to eat somewhere because we were walking around to see what we could find to eat and we found Pizza Hut. The next thing I knew was that we were only an hour away from the next flight, so we agreed to go to the next flight. By the time we got to the gate, people were already entering the plane through the corridor, so we were in a hurry. Three hours after purchase, we landed at @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2, that was our destination. I felt a burst of laughter as we waited for the car to go home. I get the feeling like someone took something symbolic from me and gave it back. At that moment I started to cry, but at the same time I was also laughing. Later that afternoon, we arrived at my grandparents' house, and when I watched them, I felt so happy inside, and so were they. We decided to spend @TIME1 at my grandparents house, @TIME1 no one slept and everyone was busy talking and catching up with each other. The next day, everyone was tired and sleepy, but they were all happy and laughing constantly. We spent half a mouthful with family we hadn't seen in a long time, and we all felt so happy and filled with laughter. Everyone had an incredible time with family and friends. We didn't do everything we wanted to do, but the best part was the time I spent with my family and friends. To me the word laughter means the best things that happened to you that made you feel good inside, even the memories you think about when you're lonely and sad, the ones that make you laugh and feel good about yourself recall. Others @MONTH1 Saying that laughter is the feeling you get when you laugh, but laughter is the best feeling in the world when you're happy. Laughter was an important element of my whole life in this part of my life, and it is still a big part of my life. For generations, people have used the benefits of laughter in their lives, such as many celebrities and non-celebrities, important or unimportant people. Many people say that when you are not happy, you will die, and you don't know what happiness is. People really enjoy those moments with someone special.
There will always be moments in your life when your emotions control and motivate you. Whether you are happy, sad, angry or depressed. At times like these, I use my talent, the talent of laughter. My best friend @PERSON1 looks at me with big blue eyes and tears well up. We had just finished packing the rest of her clothes and we knew it was time to say goodbye. It's heartbreaking to see her leave a five-year friendship, but we've put off this moment long enough. The boxes sit and wait, each with its own label, with all our memories inside. We were never serious, we liked to joke around, she always knew how to make me smile, but today was hard. After we put @PERSON1's stuff in the van, I noticed her dog, @PERSON2 wasn't outside like usual. When I went in, I found that he wasn't hiding there either. It's weird because @PERSON2 is the kind of dog who likes to get a lot of attention, so he's always by your side. When I tell @PERSON1 that @PERSON2 is missing, we go to him. It's @DATE1 time, my favorite time of year when the sun warms my skin. I remember this moment very clearly, a memory I'm sure I want to savor. As we walked along @PERSON1 I talked about all sorts of things that made me almost forget she was leaving in a few hours. Just then I noticed a shiny silver object lying on the ground, from where I was standing I couldn't quite read the engraving, but I could see a letter that said it all, the letters @CAPS1. That's @PERSON2's red and blue collar, I reach out and pick it up, I think he must be somewhere nearby. Fate must be with us that day because as soon as we looked up we saw @PERSON2 riding behind someone's old @ORGANIZATION1 truck. We started chasing the truck as fast as we could and we screamed, "@CAPS2! Finally the truck stopped in front of our local store and the guy came out and he seemed pissed at us." That's mine dog. "@PERSON1 said, I just shook my head in agreement. The strange man gave us a surprised look, then @LOCATION1, blushing, and he also realized the dog in the back wasn't his. This whole situation was interesting, we all All I can do is laugh. With @PERSON2 by our side, we started walking home, taking it slow, dreading what would happen when we got back to @LOCATION2's house. I stayed up that night thinking about @PERSON1 and @LOCATION1, I loved that The dog ran away so we could spend more time together. Plus I was thinking maybe he had a reason to leave, maybe he knew we weren't ready to say goodbye, we had to have one last adventure, one last laugh The day we laughed together for the last time , I knew that we would truly be friends forever, no matter where she lived near or far.
In the year of @DATE1, my brother had the worst birthday headache. We live in a nice big brown house. with great loving parents. We have a nice large backyard and my brother and I love it the most. @CAPS1 made my brother and I have lunch at school. It was my brother's first day of school and he was very happy. I mean his birthday, he also started school on the same day, that was awesome. @CAPS1 had my brother and I walk to school with me, just on the road. The school my brother and I went to was called @LOCATION1. When we got to school, I could tell my brother was worried. School didn't seem that bad to me, but I'm not the one who got caught eating gum. Yep, my brother got caught eating glue during his arts and crafts class before lunch. I spoke to him through the window as I was on my way to the office. He turned his head and smiled and I could see all the glue was still wet and everywhere. My brother and I have always had a good relationship and we both laughed at each other all the time. If my brother and I didn't laugh at each other, we probably wouldn't talk to each other. For me, laughter is a very important part of any relationship. It allows people to share their emotions in a positive way. It also helps people see what kind of humor you have. As we approached the house, we saw @CAPS1 sitting on the porch waiting for us. When we got home, my brother went straight to his room to clean up for his birthday. @CAPS1 Let my brother do the dishes and I vacuum the living room. Even when people don't come, she always wants the house cleaned up. @CAPS1 said the whole family came over. My brother and I are very happy that our new grandma is coming. We are all very happy when everyone is here. Grandma appears after Dad. @CAPS1 so anxious she wanted to see my brother's face when he saw his birthday cake. When grandma came, she always brought gifts for both of us on our birthdays. @CAPS1 popped into the cake when my brother was at the dinner table. I always see my brother happy but not like this. I can say nothing makes his day happier. After the birthday cake was over, the dean and my brother went to the backyard to play football. My brother won't use his new football, we're stuck on basketball. @CAPS1 and grandma are watching us play and we are all having fun. Every time I hit the wrong ball, or he misses the ball when he tries to play, we laugh. When we were playing, I had an idea. I twisted my leg back and when the ball came close, I kicked it. I kicked the ball so hard and so fast that it hit his feet and then his head. When the ball hit his head, he did a backflip off the ground. @CAPS1 aww with grandma and I'm still freezing. When he got up, he looked straight at me and laughed. @CAPS1 started laughing, grandma laughed, and I'm still freezing. I ended up picking it up and when I started, I couldn't stop. So funny, he picked up the ball from the ground and hit it in the head, still laughing. When it was time for everyone to go, @CAPS1 said goodbye and then it was Grandma's turn. Grandma was the first to kiss my brother's forehead higher than me. When Grandma left my brother, I sat on Mommy's lap and gave her a big hug and said "I love you @CAPS1". @CAPS1 was coaxing us in bed and was about to leave when my brother said "@CAPS1 I have a headache". I love my family and even today we look back and laugh. Having fun writing this, I hope you think so. Short stories by @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1
Laughter, what does it mean; to express laughter, joy, or contempt with a chuckle or explosive voice. People without laughter in their lives go through stages of depression or inner sadness; they can never seem to find the light at the end of the tunnel, "light is happiness". @MONTH1 turns into months or even years where life seems to be at a standstill. When you feel unhappy, you start to doubt your life decisions; the choices you make in life seem to be wrong. That's how my life feels when the world turns around and I find out that my best friend just overturned her car. I was traumatized and shocked; I had no idea so many things could cross your mind in that moment. I immediately started asking a million questions to see if she was okay. All they could share with me at the time was that she was being taken to the hospital. When I got home all I could do was lay in bed and think; what should I do to keep her out of that car - I just feel guilty! It was a bad night, and my mind was stuck with the time I spent with my best friend, the laughter we shared with each other, the stupid fights, and all the stupid shenanigans. What surprised me the most, though, was that we had an argument shortly before her crash. Worst of all it ends up being the dumbest thing ever. I'm mad at her because she often abandons our plans to spend time with her boyfriend. Looking back now, I just feel jealous. If I can get this all back then maybe she won't be distracted and miss her turn while driving. The next morning, her mom called me and said, "She's looking for you, you @MONTH1 come and see her at the hospital." I was ecstatic, I was ready faster than ever; minutes Inside, I'm ready to drive myself to @LOCATION1 hospital. I only got there in thirty-five minutes, and you should be there in about forty-five minutes. I immediately jumped out of the truck, rushed into the hospital, and went to the check-in desk to see which room she would be in. They told me she was in room @NUM1 on the left in the lobby. I got to room @NUM1 and there was a crack in the door, so I took a sneak peek and tried to open the rest of the doors; I finally had the confidence to open the door to speak to her. Seeing me, a smile suddenly appeared on her face, and I pulled up a chair and sat next to her. We chatted for about an hour, just about random things; shipwrecks included. She told me she had several broken bones and a minor concussion, so she should be able to come out that afternoon. When she told me, I was one of the happiest people at that time. When she told me everything was fine, all I could do was laugh. Almost like a relieved laughter. It didn't take long for the two of us to start laughing, mostly out of excitement, and there was nothing to say; other than a nice laugh coming out of our mouths. I have to say, it feels good to be around my friends again and to be able to share happy moments with each other. So what does laughter mean to me? will you ask? It's the most rewarding thing anyone can do. Laughter is a sign of happiness, giggles, or outbursts; sharing unforgettable moments with loved ones. Your life wouldn't be complete without laughter, make a joke and make life meaningful again. Don't be @PERSON2, be @PERSON1. Come try it out and see how laughter can help your life!
All my life @CAPS4 I've been a laughing kid, a happy person as much as @CAPS5 can find. @CAPS4's thirst for joy didn't stop as I grew up, and @CAPS4's obsession with joy was still there when I fell off the metal roof a few years ago. The woman who gave me life was an only child. @CAPS5 has a few siblings, but this is a staff member we've never met. When I think of @CAPS4's relatives, those people never cross the mind of @CAPS4. I don't even remember them. This fact makes @CAPS4's childhood seem empty or empty (considering @CAPS4's dad passed away when I was a toddler), but there's no need to feel sympathy for me. I mean, of course, growing up in a low-income household with a single mom and two young kids was a tough thing to deal with, but I got through it. Do you have a best friend that you consider family in some way? That's all the @CAPS4 mom has. Unlike me, her only savior is her closest confidant @PERSON1. The @CAPS5 and @CAPS4 moms have been best friends since high school - even before I was even thought of. @PERSON1 has always been with us. @CAPS5 even stood by @CAPS4 mom's side when I was born. I'm sure it's a weird thing to have a baby as a teen, but just two years after @CAPS4 arrived, @PERSON1 finds herself giving birth to her beautiful daughter @PERSON2. They've been the @CAPS4 family ever since; @CAPS4 auntie and cousin. For all of @CAPS4's childhood, I grew up in one house. During the years I've lived there, @PERSON1 and her daughter have attended our events many times. I used to share a room with @PERSON2 and we fought like rivals but loved like sisters. Brother @CAPS4 is five years behind me and three years behind @PERSON2. @CAPS6 is always too small for us, so having other girls in the house is convenient. The two of them were like family I never had...but it wasn't always that fancy. @PERSON2 and I fought a lot of brutal battles in that era, but I never thought our fights could take them away from us. A @DATE1 @TIME1, on a warm and bare day, I woke up to find those in @CAPS4's life missing. They have left. It's been over a year and we haven't seen them. @PERSON1 didn't come. @CAPS5 did not send a letter. It's like they fell off @LOCATION1's face. @CAPS4 Heart hurts but healed quickly. One night our landline started buzzing, and to our surprise, @PERSON1 was on another line, "We just moved in. You have to come and see our new place." @CAPS1, it's like two There are no problems between adults. When we arrived at their new adobe house, @PERSON2 took me to one of her friend's houses to climb their shed. I have no objections, I want to be friends again...but if I knew what to expect, I wouldn't go. The most we heard from our direction was @CAPS4 sobbing as we walked down the mile road from the crime scene. A little boy who looked not much older than me turned the corner to face us. @CAPS6 laughed when @CAPS6 saw my mess. "@CAPS2 is not funny!" I cried. His expression turned serious, "@CAPS3, what's wrong with me...?" @CAPS4's face was buried in @CAPS4's hands and I couldn't speak, so @PERSON2 took it, "@CAPS5 fell off the metal roof!" We both thought so, but neither of us said: "Asshole!" @CAPS6 became sympathetic and offered a helping hand, but I turned him down. The farther @PERSON2 and I get on the cement, the more bearable the wounds on @CAPS4 are. "@CAPS7," I glanced at @PERSON2 and smiled, "@CAPS6 is really cute," I held @CAPS4's face awkwardly. @PERSON2 blushed and agreed with @CAPS4. "It sucks because I'm crying, dirty, limping, and a huge bloody mess... the world always works the way @CAPS2 does! Of course I'll come across one Looks like a cute guy from @CAPS2!" @CAPS4 Cousin laughed; @CAPS5 totally broke, amused by me. I didn't quite get it at the time, but something stirred up in this situation tickled @CAPS4's stomach and I laughed @CAPS3. Both of us were laughing at it for the rest of the distance and sharing stories similar to our problems. Looking back on all the @CAPS2, I think being a young, unintelligent, naive teen brought @CAPS4 cousin and I back to common ground, but I'll lie. Honestly, it's our laughter. Even in the scariest and most stressful situations in the world, laughing for any reason can make you feel better. Laughter heals feelings, generates thoughts, and brings people together.
Warm @CAPS1 Laughter @MONTH1 is the best medicine, but it's also the best glue @MONTH1. When one person laughs, especially with another person, it brings a sense of relaxation and joy. Laughter is a pastime that literally means "without thinking". In this moment, people open their hearts and bring a warm feeling of hearts that they share with each other. Without this ability to connect or joke, people start to think too much and become too picky about relationships. Flirting is making fun of or downplaying a situation, and it's done to put people at ease so they @MONTH1 can open up. Flirting can include many things, such as joking, impressive, or complementary; usually this results in a big laugh or an excessive smirk. When this warm connection begins, so does the connection between people, just like me and my own girlfriend. I just came out of a traumatic experience with another girl, so I'm strong inside. I'm a bit of a nervous kid, so when she started being nice to me, I started growing out of my shell and laughing with her. Our first date was to meet some goofy people who came to their church. It's a great way to start something we've been building for two years, and a comfortable setting to meet our parents. Sometimes the key to opening up or connecting is to fool yourself. It's hard to laugh with someone who is proud or overly analytical; laughter is a key spiritual break from conventional thinking. Being a sucker @MONTH1 is just the best way to have a healthy relationship. My relationship is very balanced between being supportive, criticizing and being an idiot. I made sacrifices to make her laugh and she did the same for me, but most of the time it resulted in both of us having a great time and laughing together. Being a man doesn't mean being stubborn or powerful, I feel it's more about being open and compassionate. To be open enough to laugh with someone, a person must be able to laugh at themselves. Laughter is @CAPS2, a social change device that went viral. The same goes for simple social gatherings. Has anyone become "party life" without laughing at themselves? They usually go out of their way to make it ridiculous for other people to see, because once it starts, it spreads exponentially. Comfort is the foundation of having a good time, otherwise people will behave paranoid, refuse to engage, and appear callous. Laughing and speaking in a bright tone is a great way to make people feel comfortable and relaxed. Think of people as @CAPS1. @CAPS1 It's hard to pour and spread when it's cold, it's thick and congealed. You can't do much with a cold @CAPS1, so you have to warm up. @CAPS1 It can't be heated in an instant or it will be tasteless, but once it is heated gradually, it spreads easily and is very useful. This warm @CAPS1 mixes with anything quickly and sticks all the time. My relationship has always been sticky, sweet, and unparalleled warmth, but not a single bit of work, or a single laugh.
The benefits of @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are really important things in life. Laughter lightens the mood and makes you feel happier. If people laugh more often, their days will be happier, easier, and shorter. Small children are the ones who laugh more often. Making adults laugh is not easy because they are more serious. There are many stories where laughter is an important element. Laughter can be associated with many other beautiful elements, such as joy or joy. I once read a story about a little girl named @CAPS3 who likes to make people happy. People laugh more often because of happiness. Through laughter, patients become healthier and no longer get sick. Laughter contains many different factors. For example, being happy leads to laughing more, happier, and, of course, laughing more. When you fall, for example when a stranger smiles at you, you will feel happier and maybe your mood will lighten up. Early morning, grey and raining. People in the family wake up irritable and grumpy. Everything is turning upside down. Nobody is smiling. Breakfast is monotonous as no one likes to talk. It seemed that the day was coming to an end. @CAPS4 The day was also grumpy. She doesn't want to go to school at all. She was angry with everyone and everything. She is angry with the rain. Rain is her worst enemy because then she can't go out for a walk with her friends. She was mad at her maid because she forgot to fill her pitcher with warm water as usual. She was angry that her sister took her blue hair ribbon. To be honest, she was mad at everyone, and she didn't even think that if she had a happier day, then everything would be fine. Well, so she still has to go to school whether she wants to or not. At school, the little teacher is happy as usual. Even on rainy days, she has no temper. Some students and teachers share the same mood, but few. For @CAPS4, schoolwork seems endless, especially her math. But everything changed after the teacher told everyone that it was time for the story. The story is about a little orphan girl who has to live with her mean relatives. But she was not at all affected by their emotions. She is simple and always happy. After a while, the people she visits (especially the sick and the elderly) start to be happy, just like her. When she had to leave that village, everyone was saddened by her leaving. The girl was calm and happy, left the most precious gift, and was always happy with more laughter. Even when she's gone, passing strangers can always hear happiness and laughter. It can even be pleasant to stay in that place for a while before continuing your journey. Because passers-by always feel that their health is much better because they smile. After the teacher finished the story, @CAPS4 thought, why doesn't she try to cheer her family up? Although it is raining, it does not mean that everyone should be gloomy. So after school, @CAPS4 ran home to cheer everyone up. At @TIME1, there was laughter outside the window as everyone finished their day's work and unwinded. Seems like @CAPS4 has also found a way to bring laughter into her house. The stories she heard earlier today have helped her today and throughout her long life. She remembered the special rules for family happiness. Her home is always full of happiness and laughter, even on very gloomy and dark days. We can see that this little factor that didn't seem like a big deal to us in @CAPS1 made life happier in @CAPS4. I hope this little factor helps you too.
It was the first day of sophomore year. I just moved to @LOCATION1 during @DATE1, so I'm as nervous about the new school as any kid is. I walked into the school and checked the surroundings of @CAPS4. Everything seemed normal until I saw it. Near the middle of the sea of tables in the cafeteria, there were about four tables with about @NUM1 people at each table, but the fact that @CAPS5 was they were there caught @CAPS4's attention, which is what they're doing. They are in the middle of the cafeteria, dueling with @CAPS1-@CAPS2-@CAPS3 cards for all to see! I'm confused, I mean I played duels when I was a kid in elementary school when the game was newer but I had to quit because everyone in @CAPS4 school stopped dueling and I see here at least @NUM2 High school students just left in a duel. What amazes me the most is that they are right there in the open for everyone to see and worst of all the judges. I moved to a table near them and started watching a kid named @PERSON1 (later one of @CAPS4's best friends) mopping the floor with his opponent. I quickly went back to most of the rules and came home that day thinking "I'm going back to that game!". So I bought a deck and went on to @CAPS4 scout the table, the @CAPS4 deck sat in front of me waiting for someone to challenge its owner. Days passed and I continued to @CAPS4 silently watching duelists. Finally, a duelist named @CAPS5.J (another of @CAPS4's current pals) challenged me. I accepted and started. Then he started kicking @CAPS4 all the way through five rounds. @PERSON1 then taught me how he could play better and we became best friends. He was such a fun guy that I can't help but laugh around him to this day. Through him, I have made many good friends. Even now I wonder what @CAPS4's high school life would be like if @CAPS5 didn't attend @CAPS4's new school.
JJ @NUM1 Laughter @CAPS1 People @MONTH1 Said laughter is not important in any relationship but I think others are wise. No matter what kind of laughter is always going to lighten the mood, @MONTH1's laughter only lasts for a few seconds, but as long as it's there. Maybe you laugh at something funny, or just because you're tired. My cousin and I would laugh for these two reasons every time we were together. I can tell you many stories about laughing with my cousin. The best of @CAPS1 happens at @ORGANIZATION1! We had a really fun time @CAPS1 there. Like we entered @ORGANIZATION1 with a friend of ours the other day. Our friend went to buy @CAPS1 candy and when she left me and my cousin she ran away. We can't stop laughing at hole time when we run and hide, or "ninja" as we call it. She tried to call us and find us, but we didn't pick up and didn't let her see us. Then my cousin and I saw her going in the opposite direction and ran behind her to frighten her. That's been a part of many times in my life laughing.
I woke up one day @CAPS6 staring out the window listening to the birds chirping, I usually leave the window open and sleep in the fresh air because I hate breathing on my own, I wake up feeling warm anyway @CAPS6 I was walking out with my sisters @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 for some crispy rice. As I was about to finish I realized I was late for school and I was just @NUM1 grade so I got dressed and told my sisters @CAPS5 and get ready but you don't know how girls can put @CAPS4 in There - @CAPS6 and doing the hair there. My sister @PERSON2 is in @NUM2 grade and my other sister is in @NUM3 grade and our schools are next to each other so they are finally ready and we @CAPS4 are on their way to school ready to have a great day with the teachers @ PERSON4hawk. She's not the best teacher in the world, but I like her just because when we clean the desk, she gives us shaving cream and my friend @PERSON1 and I will have a lot of fun. We start the day with a book written by "@CAPS1 Foul" that is intense even if I don't really understand it. Next she will give us a math worksheet, I know the correct math for @NUM1 grade, but my math is really smart, she will always pick @CAPS4 me and give me harder math than everyone else, when I asked her why when my math got harder then she told my other kids I was different. I'm new and I'm smarter than some kids, but not all, so I don't know if it's an addition or an insult, but I really don't care. So now that we've got that out of the way, we can get to the fun part. Walking to the crosswalk, I yelled her name "@CAPS2". She looked, I was running to her and her friend because you don't, she didn't want to be seen with an annoying little brother, so she ran across the street. My dad was waiting in the car, my sister got in before me, I got in @CAPS5, I had to wait for the cross guard lady to give me @CAPS3. Finally she finally noticed me, I'm @CAPS4 hurried over to get in the car because I was rushing my dad yelling "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6" so I was walking faster and faster like I was walking , I came from a distance and a car was speeding down the street, but I didn't notice it was coming straight towards me. The car came flying around the corner and nearly hit the lady of the cross guard, the car hit the stick at the intersection and I was knocked flying and rolling down the street. Every time my dad panicked, I was bruised and cut and he ran out of the car screaming at the lady who hit me and getting her license plate information. When I was laying the ground @CAPS4 my dad came to me and tried to get me @CAPS6 he pulled down my pants to see the damage and remembered I had my Scooby-doo underwear @CAPS4 and everyone was staring at me more Embarrassed then hurt I didn't feel pain until the next day so I was fine I couldn't walk so my dad ran and put me in the car everyone laughed at me because they saw my underwear @CAPS4 and my dad drove me home , then called an ambulance. They told my dad that I could walk again, but I would have difficulty exercising because I broke my hip. I live in a dream, my sisters spoil me, give me candy, my dad gives me ice cream, @CAPS4 Most importantly, I don't feel pain. But the fireman said I should be able to go to school the next day, and I did, my mean old teacher saw me, I was limping, what she told me made me angry, she told me "don't pretend . I've told my mom, she's crazy, you don't want to be that teacher, so let's just say it's not pretty. You may be wondering what happened to the lady who hit me, she paid my doctor's bill.
My knees were soft and my hands were shaking slightly as my heart beat faster and faster than my breathing. I want to end this, but at the same time, I'm not going to start a conversation, but I'm alone, @CAPS3 him. It's been a full @DATE1 since I met my dad and I'm not sure if I'm expecting a relaxed, laid-back guy or a nervous, grumpy guy. So, I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and decided to give it to @CAPS1. Obviously once I see my dad, it's natural to talk to him, but I doubt his mood, if it affects my mood! If for any reason things do get worse, we probably won't be best friends for a few weeks. Then he'll keep pulling, "@CAPS2 thinks @CAPS2 is a teenager now that @CAPS2 can do and act as they please?" Or, "I'm your father and I deserve more respect!" @CAPS3, funny The thing is, I never started these things. I guess he chooses to start them when he's bored. He then went on to make me feel bad for his wrongdoing. When my mom, sister and I got to the airport, (I won't lie) I wanted to go home. My sister would make a few jokes all over the place, and my mom would let her wit shine on me; even in the fog of all of this, they could only make me giggle because I let my nerves get the best out of me. I don't want my @DATE1 for the past three months to be ruined by him coming home. But when I look back on everything I've done: two weeks at @LOCATION1, rafting, etc., I realize I do miss him and do want him back. Don't get me wrong, my dad is a super nice, funny and hardworking guy and it's hard to work with at times. My dad's plane landed, and after waiting for him for an hour, he got off the plane. We can @CAPS3 His eyes frantically search the airport for us and when he found us he had the warmest, friendliest smile I've ever seen. Tears pooled in his eyes as my sister ran for him, and my mother quickly followed. My legs took me towards him and I soon found my sister and I were scrambling to hug him! A hundred feet has never felt so close, yet so far away. Breathing heavily, we approached him with heavy legs and full hearts, and now we are with him. Fortunately, there has never been an embarrassing moment. It knocked on the door, but we didn't let it in; there was laughter instead. When he opened his mouth, all my worries and worries disappeared and those soothing laughter came out and into our ears. My heart was lifted and my smile brightened. I know my father can't be gone anymore. I love him! Laughter can soothe the mind and bring joy to any situation. It is kind and has no regrets. The only mistake was not taking the chance to laugh in the first place. Laughter is one of the many things that brings me so close to my dad today. When we were together, our sense of humor was never dull and memorable. I believe in him my life, since I was born, he has found a way to make the most of every situation by laughing. @CAPS2 can count on his laugh to make anyone smile, and without a doubt the most infectious thing @CAPS2 has ever heard. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people", including me and my father.
The first day I met her, I knew @CAPS4 was the dog for me. The black and white fur is as soft as cotton, and the eyes are as tan as tree bark. @CAPS4 has a real personality that no other dog can have. This is what I can tell right away that @CAPS4 is a dog for me. Over the next few months, our friendship grew and I taught her to talk, smile, stand on two legs and dance with me. A black lab @PERSON1 who instantly became her best friend, the two ran across the property while barking. Every night, the two would snuggle up and sleep together. @CAPS1 (my new dog) I'll call her an Oreo when she's relaxing beside her. Her midsection is white and her sides are black, making her look like a big breathing Oreo @CAPS1. @CAPS5 where her name comes from. Month 7 has gone by quickly, but every day is a pleasure with my @CAPS1 by my side. @CAPS4 gives me the best comfort when I need it, always smiles when it's raining, or sleeps next to me when I'm not feeling the best. It's kind of like @CAPS4 is my own special dose of medication and her presence makes me feel good again. In that house, her love has penetrated into all of us and @CAPS4 is one of them, but over time a few things about her have started to change. Every time we feed her her food bowl is almost full, @CAPS4 won't run with @PERSON1 anymore, @CAPS4 won't talk, @CAPS4 won't smile. I know something is wrong. We didn't know @CAPS4 was sick until it was too late. The first day @CAPS4 vomited blood. That's when my boyfriend, his mom, and me got worried. We wanted to find a veterinarian to help her, but neither of us had the money to do it. On day two of @TIME1, I couldn't find @CAPS1 anywhere on the property. I thought maybe @CAPS4 was just walking around the perimeter of the house until it got to @NUM1 pm and still no sign of her. Panic ran through me and I gave up looking for her and turned to @PERSON1. "@PERSON1," I looked her in the eye, "I know you can hear me." @CAPS4 looked at me with big brown eyes and wagged his tail. "@CAPS5 is @CAPS1, @PERSON1?" I know @CAPS4 understands me because @CAPS4 starts sniffing around the property area and suddenly it seems like @CAPS4 has found a trail and followed a scent to an old opal car. @PERSON1 wagging his tail at me, then looking back at the underside of the car. @CAPS1 looks disgusting. So I pulled her back into the house and let my boyfriend's mom watch her. We're not sure if it was poisoning or something else. So we called the animal experts to ask. @CAPS4 said it probably sounds like Parvo because we haven't gotten a shot of @CAPS1 her Parvo yet. So to make her feel better, my boyfriend and I stayed up late to infuse her dehydrated body with water and spinach juice, hoping that would help, but @CAPS4 just wanted to sleep. So we left her alone and decided to check in on her at @TIME1. At @TIME1, my boyfriend has to go to work while @CAPS1 and I are alone with her. As @CAPS4 lay sad and hopeless on the porch, I sang to her, I stroked her head, told her that @CAPS4 is my best friend and my favorite dog means a lot to me, I tell her She I love her. I tried making her eat but @CAPS4 just spit it back. After finally crying next to her for a day, I noticed that @CAPS4 walked all the way to the pond at the back of the house and sat in it. It made me unwittingly check her ass. As I pulled up her tail, I noticed the @CAPS5 fly came out of a big blood hole. @CAPS4 rots from the inside out. I cried. It was time to decide whether to let her go, and I, my boyfriend and his father just looked at her and looked at her in pain. it's time. As soon as we got to the vet's office they brought her in and put her on the table @CAPS5 and I was told to catch her when they overdose her. Just seconds ago @CAPS4 disappeared, everyone in the room fell silent, and I wept for her limp no longer smiling. We dug a hole and buried her under the tree where @CAPS4 was playing. @CAPS1 My mother bear. @NUM2 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 You are in heaven.
Fishing trip went wrong @CAPS1 I tell you what I'm going to talk about today, fishing. Fishing has been a big part of @CAPS7's life since I was born. As a kid, I used to go fishing with @CAPS7 dad and brother. @CAPS7 Dad likes to take us fishing on the lake. I have fished in every lake around these parts. When I was five years old I got a brand new @CAPS2 @CAPS3 fishing rod that was very shiny and had a great ball bearing spinning reel. It even has some chrome on the handle so when the sun hits it right it shoots a bright beam on the ground @CAPS18. As I grew up, so did the @CAPS7 fishing rod. The reels also didn't turn, and the chrome didn't glow like it used to. When I turned the @MONEY1 @CAPS7 rod, the rod broke and no longer suitable for @CAPS7 fishing needs. So @CAPS18 @CAPS7 my 10th birthday @CAPS7 family and friends gave me some money. I told them I wanted to buy a new @CAPS2 @CAPS3 fishing rod. So after @CAPS7's birthday, I got one hundred and zero @MONEY1. I thought I was the richest person in the world. Later that night, @CAPS7 dad came to me and told me @CAPS7 cousin's wedding was on @DATE1 and we might have time to go fishing @CAPS15. I went into the garage and packed the @CAPS7 tackle box with pliers, hooks, spinners and all the gear I needed. @CAPS7 Dad said "@CAPS6 went fishing" after cousin's wedding. @CAPS7 Dad and I changed into our fishing suits and left, but I remembered I needed a fishing rod, so I asked "@CAPS8 Dad we need to stop at @ORGANIZATION1 ASAP". Turns out there is a @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS18 way. We parked in the @ORGANIZATION1 parking lot and I went in. I ran over to the sporting gear there and found the last @CAPS2 @CAPS3 fishing rod on the shelf at @CAPS18 so I took it off and took a look. This is extreme for me, the only downside is that the price is exactly 70 @MONEY1. I bought it anyway. I walked out of the store with @CAPS7 new @CAPS2 @CAPS3 fishing rods feeling like a million bucks. When we got to the fishing spot, I noticed that we were not on the lake, but on a big river. @CAPS7 Dad explained that I need to be safe by the river because if you fall in, you could be swept away. I got out of the car and it was very windy. Chilling. I pulled out my @CAPS7 new rod and tackle box and started setting up my @CAPS7 rod for river fishing. I put @CAPS18 with a big weight and big hook. I'm ready for anything, or at least I think. Then I reached into the @CAPS7 big red tackle box and pulled out a big worm. "I think the fish will love this," I said out loud to @CAPS7 dad. Stare at the swift current and cast the @CAPS7 bait fishing line off the shore. A large patch of water rippled and @CAPS7 Dad and I laughed contentedly. Right next to me is a tree branch buried in the embankment. Gently lowering the @CAPS7 pole, I watched @CAPS7 daddy pull the fish. Mmmm @CAPS18 We walked to the river to have this @CAPS13 @CAPS14 outhouse. I'm going to the toilet, I turn right @CAPS7 and say to @CAPS7 dad "@CAPS15 don't lose the @CAPS7 fishing rod, I don't want me to catch a big fish and fly into the river @CAPS18." @CAPS7 Dad Reply" @CAPS17, @CAPS17 has gone to the bathroom." @CAPS18 @CAPS7 Walked to the bathroom I didn't see the big @CAPS19 landed near the fishing line of @CAPS7. @CAPS7 Dad sees them getting closer to the @CAPS7 line, so he thinks it's a good idea to scare them away. As soon as I walked out of the bathroom @CAPS7, Dad ran to @CAPS19 and waved his arms. They all flew into the air, but something dragged behind them and held it down. @MONTH1 what are you asking about? This is the brand new rod from @CAPS7! At least @NUM1 feet or @NUM2 feet in the air. @CAPS7 fly with the rod and it starts to descend. It did not land on the shore of @CAPS18, but in the middle of this wide river. @CAPS7 Dad looked at me and smiled and said, "This is the first fishing rod I've ever seen." I started laughing uncontrollably, then @CAPS7 Dad started breaking down. After laughing @CAPS7 Dad looked at the @CAPS18 shore looking for something to pull the @CAPS7 pole, but to @CAPS7's surprise he found it @CAPS18 shore on the river. Will @CAPS20
@DATE1 for my birthday, my boyfriend @PERSON2 took me to @LOCATION1 to @ORGANIZATION2. I've never been there and it was an exciting and new food experience for me. My dad promised me he would take me because it was my @NUM1 birthday and he wasn't there for my @NUM2 birthday. But he forgot, so my dad's girlfriend called the restaurant, told the manager it was my birthday, gave me whatever I wanted, and charged her credit card. This is where my adventure with @PERSON2 began. The beginning of our adventure. On the way to @LOCATION1, take the old trail of @CAPS1 in the old @ORGANIZATION1. Just @PERSON2 and me, wet in the afternoon dew on the road, beautiful red, green and orange leaves on the trees. Jumping from the low spots of the old road. @NUM3 Collision on the sound, only sings what we know. When we got to @CAPS2, we got lost because we took the wrong exit and ended up at @LOCATION2 on the other side where we were supposed to be. It's not good to get lost in a bigger city than @PERSON1 or @CAPS1, we don't know where we are. The first place we went was a strip mall with a large party store. Let's go in and check out their @CAPS4 decorations. Monster's, Witch's and Fairy's. We were so overwhelmed by all the horrible things I realized I had to go to the bathroom. When I went to the bathroom, @PERSON2 asked a shop assistant where can we find this @CAPS5. The guy told us he had never heard of such a place. So we went back to @ORGANIZATION1 and a lady got out of her car so we asked her. She said yes, just a few streets away. We couldn't find it anywhere when we were driving down the highway. Somehow we lost our way again so we found another Covenant store on this really big mountain. We didn't expect the little @ORGANIZATION1 to be able to climb such a big mountain. We got to the top of the mountain, went in, and had the clerk check on his phone where we needed to go. As we waited, all I could think about was how much my feet hurt in those shoes. We got the address and took off again to search. About twenty minutes later, we still hadn't found this restaurant, and most importantly, we had a reservation so we couldn't be late. We found another Covenant store and @PERSON2 came in to ask. The clerk told us to get back on the highway and I was like not staying on this road. We walked down the empty road and around the corner was @CAPS5. We're so glad we finally found it, we weren't even late. @PERSON2 and all I can do is laugh because we were so frustrated to find this stupid place that it was so funny you couldn't help but laugh. It brings @PERSON2 and me closer and we get through this by laughing instead of fighting. And our fun adventure stories.
Laughter has been a huge part of my life since I was born, without it I would be a very boring and grumpy person. Even when it's tough, I've had many laugh-filled moments, and one particular moment always comes to mind. About a year ago, my mom and I went to @LOCATION1 to visit her family. This was the first time we went there in twelve years because my mom and I couldn't visit them because of immigration issues. After all the hard years my mom and I went through, I managed to get legal residency in the US. Once we got residency, we were free to visit her family without having to come back illegally. When my mom and I arrived at the airport at @LOCATION1, my mom started crying because she was so emotional she was going to see her mom, dad, brother and sister for the first time in 12 years. Once we got through all airport security and baggage claim, we headed to the exit where my grandpa agreed to pick us up. As we walked out of the airport, a little red car @ORGANIZATION1 started getting closer and closer to me and my mom. When my mother suddenly dropped her luggage and started running towards my little red car, it was only forty feet away and I didn't know who the old man was driving. When the car was parked, an old man got out of the car and gave my mom the longest and most emotional hug I've ever had in my life, they must have been hugging for at least fifteen minutes, just on each other's shoulders cry on. When they finished hugging my mom, I called my name and I started walking towards her. When I was face to face with my mom and older men, my mom told me that man was my grandfather, then she looked at her dad and told him to go meet his grandson. For the first time in a long time, I had a grandfather, and I stood in shock for a while, and so did he. He was amazed that I had changed so much in twelve difficult years without him seeing me or contacting me. When I reached out to hug him, he held me tight and didn't let go, and he told me that today was the happiest day of his life. My grandpa and I started packing our luggage into his car so we could go home and meet my family. After we loaded everything into the car, we headed home. The drive home was a bit weird and uncomfortable as there wasn't much conversation in the car. When we arrived at our destination in texcoco, a small town outside @LOCATION1, it was about a 50 minute drive. It's a small, clean town with lots of small shops and lots of two-story middle-class houses, and the streets are full of cars and people walking or biking, which is nothing like what I'm used to in America. When we arrived at our house, there were about twenty people of family and friends waiting for us at the door. When we finished the seedlings and finished meeting with all our relatives, we got together for a family dinner. One of my uncles really stood out because he was really funny and always acted like a clown, he was the one who created the atmosphere in the house or anywhere. As the days passed, I became more comfortable with the people around me and started having fun. About two weeks ago, my uncle @CAPS1 invited me to one of his stand-up comedy shows. I experienced more laughter than his jokes that day, there was raw and real. All in all, laughter is one of the elements of life, without me there is no happiness.
It was my sophomore year and some of my friends were going to try softball. After thinking about it, I joined and I fell in love with the sport. I'm not that good, but like they say practice makes perfect. We all laughed and had a good time, everyone liked everyone, and it was fun to be part of a team that was always laughing and having a good time together. It's about when my friend and I started laughing and we almost started crying and now it's one of those little jokes between all our girls. Once my friend and I went out to catch flies and it was my turn to catch the ball. I go there to skip and just be my normal weird self. They hit the ball and the ball started running towards me and I ran over and slipped and just hit my butt. Everyone including me laughed because I fell into the mud and was filthy. About ten minutes later we were all standing there talking about how funny it was when I fell and how it made everyone happy. Then I saw some mud on the ground and I wanted to roll in, but I didn't want to lie down and start rolling in the mud. So I asked my friend @PERSON1 to push me into the mud so I could fall in and tumble. After she pushed me into the mud, I got up and started laughing. My knees were covered in mud, as were my ass and legs. They all started saying who was giving birth to you, and since we don't curse out loud, we made something else in place of it. Now, when I walk down the hall and see someone on the softball team, we all start laughing about who shunned you in the middle of what we were doing. This is my first year playing sports in high school and I'm so glad I did because I had so much fun. When it ends in a few months, I'm going to be very upset. All these girls and I have become so close over the last @NUM1 weeks that they are now like family to me. Most of us used to just know each other and not really be friends and didn't talk at all, but now we all do. We like to do stupid things like sing random songs in the locker room or make the stupidest joke ever. But we all had a good time and we didn't care. We had a lot of laughs this season, and more. Like when we play games on the bus or just practice. We have a great sofa that makes us laugh every day. This season should be fun for all of us because we all love to laugh, joke, and sing and have a good time with each other, which is critical to building a good softball team and a great season.
The benefits of laughter Laughter has always been an important part of my life. Most of my relationships with my friends are great because when they're down, I can make them laugh and cheer them up. When a person laughs, it makes them completely forget anything that brought them down and now they just focus on what made them laugh and feel that joy and happiness. When you laugh, there is nothing else in your head that makes you laugh. In many cases, laughter takes people from absolutely low self-esteem to high self-esteem in a very short period of time. An example of how laughter can be very beneficial to a person happened to a friend of mine. A good friend of mine seems really upset and doesn't want to talk about what happened with anyone. He didn't tell anyone what was wrong, which leaves you guessing, what's going to happen? After isolating himself from others for about a week, he was ready to talk and hang out with some close friends, including me. I and two other people with whom he and I are friends decided to go golfing, our new hobby. On that very day, he told us how his mother betrayed his father for over a year and how she was hoarding wine in various different places. and excessive drinking. He's just hanging out with his friends, laughing and having a good time, and he finds himself focused on other things rather than what's wrong with his life. Even laughing at yourself is a great way to solve a problem. Even if nothing seems to be going well in your life, there will always be something and you just need to give it time. The moral of the story I just told is that no matter how sad you are, laughter can always help ease the pain. Even laughing at a bad situation can help you feel better.
Laughter is an important part of everyone's life. It is used to express several different emotions. It is used to bridge the gap between people and break down awkward barriers. People laugh at their own mistakes, which shows others that they have made mistakes too. Some people can communicate through laughter and know how the other person is feeling. For example, once I was on a long bus ride and was so bored that I almost fell asleep. So I suddenly started laughing with my friends, laughing in different ways and having a whole conversation with laughter. Laughing can bring others together by sharing a common interest; everyone laughs. I'm sure I laughed more than everyone else. Laughter is a huge part of my life and honestly my life would be boring and frustrating without it. Sometimes I laugh so hard that my side and stomach hurt so bad. I also make a lot of mistakes and are clumsy, so I get ridiculed a lot. My family is a very close and lively family and we make a lot of mistakes every day. For my great-grandmother's @DATE1 we are planning a surprise party. My grandma kept wondering and asking what we were doing while we were planning. So we keep telling her we're looking for a stripper for her @DATE1. So we managed to convince my uncle Bobby to become a stripper and crawl out of the box, which he did, and ended up scaring my grandma. To this day, we still talk about that day and laugh about it all the time. Every day my aunt behaves in a ridiculous and funny way, so I laugh at her most of the time. She always dances or sings opera to the music in the commercials. My great-grandmother always eats food that makes her fart, which is funny because sometimes she doesn't even realize she's doing it. My great-grandmother loved dancing too, and it was fun because she knew dance moves differently than they do today. I believe my family wouldn't be as close as we were without laughter. Without laughter, I wouldn't be so close to my friends. You can make connections in laughter, and it sometimes forces you to ask questions and get to know people in other ways you wouldn't. It makes you comfortable with people, able to share things, do silly things, and not worry about your appearance. In some cases, laughter can also change your mood from madness to joy. For example, I was riding a dirt bike with my cousin, and he decided to go through this swamp on his bike. I told him it wasn't very sensible because I knew he couldn't get through there without getting stuck, but he tried anyway. So I thought he got the bike stuck and I had to help him untie the bike since I was the only one with him. It took us a long time to get the bike out. Once we did, he tried to drive through again and got stuck again. I was very upset with my cousin, but when I was about to yell and leave him, he fell into the muddy head first, which instantly changed my mood. Even today, I still laugh about it, even though I didn't think it was funny at the time. Even if laughter is good, it can be bad; @CAPS1 laughs at people when they're hurting and crying, or laughs at stupid ignorant pranks, or even laughs at people when they make bad decisions. Decided @CAPS1 to drink, drunk people are funny, but not drunk or drunk. You can actually influence people to make bad decisions by laughing at them. Laughing at them makes them think it's @CAPS2 doing what they're doing because it makes everyone else laugh. So laughter is healthy, but also unhealthy in a way.
So my friends and I had a heated discussion about how to keep things private because a friend of mine told people something personal about us. He caused us a lot of problems at school and in town, @CAPS1 he started lying to us, one of my other friends lost it, then caught up with him, fixed him, told him the lie. When he got him up and we all went back to our seats, he started pouring out to us, he told us some of the rumors that he started talking about us, and some other things he did, and we all lost it. So we calmed down a bit and took turns talking to him, after my two friends talking, it was my turn to talk to him, he kept interrupting me, and finally I got mad and I grabbed things off the floor and threw them at him . Don't get me wrong don't hurt me to stop him from interrupting me. I reached out and grabbed a soft object, picked it up without even looking, threatened to throw it at him, he started pointing and laughing, and I stopped to turn my head to look at the object in my hand. Now remember this is a heated conversation and you can use a knife to ease the tension and get him to start laughing and everyone joins in, I don't want to know. But I turned my head and looked, fell to the ground, smiled and said it was a stuffed toy, I picked it up from his floor and did it to him, but it was naughty. We finally stopped laughing and sat down again. I believe this calms us down enough to help explain and make things better for him and all of us. The moral of the story is that even your crazy stuff will always make you smile and make your day better.
Every fiber of mine is urging me to talk to her, but every time I muster up the courage to do @CAPS6, my heart fills with anxiety. Then she looked at me. Just a second, but enough to gather information about me. Suffice it to say that I didn't just look around the room vacantly, but focused on her dark brown eyes, and only hers. I blinked embarrassedly, and quickly advised myself, why are you looking at her all the time? You know she'll notice! But somehow I knew I wanted her. I want her to look back at me. I can't feel her looking at me anymore, even if it's just a second before we make eye contact. I turned my eyes to her direction again. This time she looked at me first, and I fell into her sight. I don't know what to do, I haven't encountered this before. @CAPS5 Girls beat me at first sight. She smiled, a cute little smile, I noticed you noticed me, I don't understand why you are hiding it. I'm staring at you. All I can do is focus on not looking like an idiot. I forced myself to smile, but only slightly enough to let her know that I saw her smile and it was towards me! Having @PERSON1, smile at me and give me the opportunity to show her what makes me her man. Then @DATE1 came. @LOCATION1's ice rink is about minutes away from @NUM1, which seems short as @NUM2's friends are howling and talking crap in the back. We drove up and parked next to the ice rink. As we stepped out of my mom's minivan, we could all hear the kids putting on their rented skates and clumsily walking towards the thick glass doors to the oval arena of dry, cold air, accompanied by thick Thick Ice Beds. A group of our friends all traded our money and received our own pair of worn out skates that may never have been washed. We stepped absentmindedly on our uncomfortable blade shoes and staggered towards the glass door. One by one, each of us carefully stepped onto the ice, making sure we didn't look silly, gliding forward and doing the splits in front of everyone around us. When we finally got over the challenge, we continued to glide along the current that circulated the skaters counterclockwise around the rink. Every once in a while, we race each other for a lap on the rink, but beyond that, we talk about @CAPS1's @CAPS2: @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and various other games that pique our interest. But as usual, that conversation turned into a debate about the "course of excess power." Complaining that they'll never be able to beat that class, while saying it's easy to "destroy" them with a simple trick. I started dazed from the fight, looking around the rink and watching people stumbling in their paths or gliding gracefully past clumsy skating participants. Then I saw her again. Her hair was the first thing that caught my attention, it was like a blanket hanging on a clothesline in the @DATE2 breeze. Then, as she circled the end of the rink, her face began to show, as beautiful as ever. It wasn't the hardest when she was skating, but every once in a while she would slide the skates too far to one side and lose her balance, but was able to regain her composure within a second or two. I smiled as she looked around, checking to see if anyone had seen her little accident. "The @CAPS5 sniper is @CAPS6 @LOCATION2, you don't know what you're talking about!" Friends sneered at each other. I have @CAPS5 interested in participating in this debate. As I speed away from my friends and weave through the crowd, I slowly walk towards @PERSON2. As I approached her, I was drawing a line in my mind as an icebreaker with her. I noticed her feet sliding out on her sides and I smiled at what I could do to attract her. When she started falling, I had to time my entry perfectly to make me look like a random bystander just there to help her get up, not an anxious boy trying to find a way to connect with her way of talking. Just as she was about to fall, I picked up speed, put my hand on her back, and pushed her up a little. But she went too far. She tumbled off me as we fell on the hard ice. As the commotion broke out, she quickly jumped off and apologized for her clumsiness. But she only noticed my hysterical laughter. All she could do was laugh along.
lol I have a lot of friends. My friends and I always do silly things to have fun and pass the time. We keep laughing. There's not a day we're together where we don't laugh. My friends and I both believe that laughter is an essential element of life. One, it's hot, my friends @PERSON2, @LOCATION3, @PERSON1, @LOCATION1 and @PERSON3 all came to my house on 1 day @DATE. We were all bored and hot, so we wanted to decide to do something exciting. @LOCATION3 said: "@CAPS1 Aren't we going to swim at your house?" We all agreed. However, my friends and I couldn't agree on where to swim. We couldn't go to the swimming pool near my house because it was too crowded. We couldn't go to the lake either because it was too far and we couldn't get there. My mom is at work so she can't give us a ride. @CAPS6 then said, "I know yours! @CAPS1 Aren't we just playing water polo at @CAPS2's house?" We all replied, "@CAPS3 let's get started!" It wasn't long before @CAPS4 went to the nearest The @ORGANIZATION1 store bought water polo and water guns. Once they come back, they start filling them up. When we ladies change into our swimsuits. After that, we all decided who would be on which team. The first team is @PERSON2, @PERSON3 and @LOCATION1. The second and best team is @LOCATION3, @PERSON1 and me. Both teams are ready. Each team has buckets filled with water balloons and water guns. The teams are on different sides of my mom's green suburbs. We were going to start throwing water polo on the count of three, but the opposing team cheated and threw a water polo first. Oh, but they didn't realize there were hoses around us. @PERSON4 chases @PERSON1 across the yard. She caught up with her and drenched her with a water pistol, but @PERSON1 threw a giant water balloon at her. It exploded directly in her face. We all started laughing. Then @PERSON2 and I started throwing water balloons at each other. We ran out so we started using our water gun. Those also eventually ran out. @PERSON2 Insufficient resources. I grabbed the hose and turned it up to max power. @PERSON2 tried to run, but he slipped. I knocked him down completely. My team won the first @CAPS5. It's time for @CAPS5 two. We had filled more water balloons, refilled the water guns, and walked up to us. We are all counting: "One! Two! Three!" @CAPS5 Two has started. @LOCATION3 started chasing @PERSON3. They circled the suburbs at least five times before he caught up with her. He caught up with her on the grass. The grass was really slippery when I got the @CAPS6 wet, so they slipped. @PERSON3 slipped first, but when she tried to get up she took @LOCATION3 down. We all started throwing water balloons at them, which made it harder for them to get up. @PERSON3 managed to get up and she was on the side where her team was. They started throwing everything at us. They drenched us. We lost the second @CAPS5. It's time for one last @CAPS5. The @CAPS5 who decides who wins and who loses. We filled up with double the water balloons, double the water guns. No one got the hose at that time. We don't think this is fair. Two teams line up on different sides of my front yard. My team is on the right and the opposite team is on the left. We stand against those who once stood before us. I threw my first water balloon at @LOCATION1. Then @LOCATION3 throws at @PERSON2 and after @PERSON3 at @LOCATION2. Whoever crosses the line, loses. @PERSON1 was the first to fail. @PERSON3 threw a large water balloon at her, knocking her off the team. We are one step closer. Now it's three-on-two. @LOCATION3 and water gun @CAPS6 down. We are one step closer. @PERSON4 and I were hitting each other back and forth, but after a while @PERSON4 had no more water polo and her water pistol was empty so I hit her. We are one step closer. @LOCATION3, I easily took a bath with @PERSON3. My team won! We all cheered and went back inside to dry off and eat some ice cream to celebrate my team's success. We proved that day that anyone can have a good time with some good friends, imagination and lots of laughter. I believe everyone should laugh a lot. There is no need for angry sadness in life.
It all started from the day he arrived at the airport. Miss him so much and barely get a chance to see him or get him to call you back like @CAPS2 bro but always lucky to see him and have him over the holidays, the way he finds time during @DATE1 is amazing Visit us. Luckily I don't have to hear him cry all the time because it's so cold and wet here right now. So good but since it's @DATE1 it's usually when I hang out with my friends and girls and now started talking to this very beautiful girl who lives around the corner from my house would love to go out and be with her but Since the time with him was really short, I had to put my @CAPS2 bro first. But every time I get a chance at a man, I leave and sneak off to see her. She's such a beautiful and such a fun man, she's perfect for me, it's as crazy as a dream. I will always tell my brother about her. He always told me that even if she was real, a girl couldn't be like that. It was his first night and from the moment we picked up from the airport and drove home, everyone was so happy in the house, joking about how much he had changed and how tight his clothes were. Glad we even stopped at the burger joint for a few burgers as the fat boy was always hungry and kept eating. We got home in no time, the expressions on my brother and sister's faces were priceless, their mouths open so wide it was like they had just seen God. He wasn't ready when they ran over, he was still slowly putting his luggage by the door, he was caught and ruined by a @NUM1 year old girl and a @NUM2 year old boy, seeing them so It's fun to be happy and excited, it's a surprise for them, we should just cheer hahaha. Then, when we rented a movie to watch earlier that day, we sat and talked all night, as a family, but just like my family, nothing happened accordingly or on time. You know when you're having fun and laughing, you don't want to end, you forget everything, let time pass, and keep doing what you're doing. But as time catches up your ads run on low energy because you're excited to see your @CAPS2 bros all day and share stories joke telling and laughing having fun you're sleepy and really need some rest, Such as sleeping with your bed under the quilt, turning off the lights, and quietly. Oh good times dream about food and girls. Most of the time in a hole fighting dream after dream hahaha. Then we woke up, shared some laughs with non-stop jokes in the morning and had a great time. Speaking of hanging out, I gotta take my @CAPS2 brother to my party, it really scared my parents, but it was fun at the same time because my mom was like ok before we left, we let You go out and don't get yourself into any shit @CAPS1 Don't let your dad pick you up so don't act stupid to take care of your bro ok right after I said yes ok bet. I questioned it, like what the hell is this? Why should I take care of my @CAPS2 brother, he should take care of me. But I guess that's what makes it interesting. We've had a great time since then and that's the end of my story of saying goodbye to him at the airport. Hope to see him again soon one day.
My Laughter Story @CAPS1 Did you know that laughter really adds time to your life? Well, you do it now. Having laughter is a wonderful thing, because without it our world would be dull and meaningless. In everyday life, you should laugh every day. Laughing can really help you through difficult times. Me, @PERSON3, @PERSON1 and @PERSON4 were just hanging out at @ORGANIZATION4's house the other day, @PERSON4 was really funny, we were all laughing hysterically @PERSON4 was talking, then all of a sudden @PERSON2 called us, Wanted to go to @LOCATION1 with us, but she said there are only @NUM1 to go. So we're all talking about who goes. We made a decision that @PERSON4 was the one who had to stay, but @PERSON1 gave him something to keep him busy. So @PERSON1, @PERSON3 and I are catching the bus to @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1. There was a spinner on the bus and he made us laugh so hard he didn't even try. So we arrive at @ORGANIZATION1. We were all hungry so we decided to get some @ORGANIZATION2. We all got a stolen dollar burger when we got to @ORGANIZATION2, so we all saved the pickles on the burger so we could stick them on the window when we left. We @CAPS1 it made us laugh so hard that barley ran away. When we got to @ORGANIZATION3's apartment we knocked on her door and no one answered, so we knocked again and no one answered. We were about to call her when she walked out of the other apartment and we all started laughing because we knocked on someone else's door. There was a party going on when we walked in so we were all fine. We all had a few beers when we got there. We had a great time, we were all just laughing and having a good time. The next morning we woke up at @NUM2 because we had to take the bus back to @LOCATION2 earlier because it was @DATE1 and the bus was only running a little bit. When we got on the bus, the bus driver made weird looks like he was constipated or something, but he made me laugh so hard. When we got back to @LOCATION2 we called @PERSON4 to see what he was up to, he was just hanging around town so we went and played with him all day and then we all went home. It's been a good weekend.
Laughter is the best medicine, that's what some people say. I think laughing is good for you, and if you're in a relationship, it's really good for you. @CAPS1 Here are some ways in which laughter is good for you. Laughing in a relationship is a good thing because if you can't laugh together, you probably won't be together. If you can't laugh with your boyfriend/girlfriend, you won't have a good relationship with him/her. @CAPS1 Don't be afraid to laugh with your boyfriend or girlfriend. I think and I think most people would say that if you want a good relationship, you need to laugh. Laughing is good when you are sad because you can hear a joke and if it is a good joke it can make you feel better. At school, you can laugh with your friends and all your stress will go away. We wouldn't have a lot of bad things going on in the @CAPS1 world if we all laughed more at things than embraced @CAPS1 things out loud. We'll all get along better, no fights at school, @CAPS1 there won't be a lot of people in jail or people, @CAPS1 that's why I think laughter is the best medicine for sad, stressed and in love. But what do you think What do you want, but that's what I think is good about laughing.
Have you ever started crying because you laughed so hard? are you alone? Most of the time, when you're laughing about something, you're with someone else. I believe laughter brings two people closer because it's something you both share, a moment you and others can think about and imagine over and over again in the future. Even if that person is thousands of miles away. I remember it as if it happened a few weeks ago. I just finished chatting with @CAPS3 mom. I walked into the @CAPS3 room and unplugged the @CAPS3 little black phone from the charger. I turned it on and a flashing light flashed that said "@NUM1 missed calls from @PERSON1." I called her back and apologized for missing her call. I heard someone answering the phone, but no one on the other end spoke. "@CAPS1, @PERSON1 are you there?" I asked, hoping to get an answer from her. I do get a response, but not what I want. She started yelling. Trying to get her to catch her breath, the words almost escaped her mouth. "@CAPS2, @CAPS3 grandpa just passed away." @CAPS3's heart sinks into @CAPS3's stomach. @CAPS3's eyes start to wet, @CAPS3's throat starts to close and breathing becomes more difficult. @CAPS3 The voice is shaky and rough. I said, "Sorry @PERSON1." I started crying. Both of our cries didn't get better soon. Then she explained that he had a heart attack and asked me how something unworthy happened. Although I didn't give her the answer. I was never in the position she was in. Does anyone know what to say or do to help her? So I thought hard about what to say to her to clear her head. @CAPS3 When I finally found something from the heart to tell her, @CAPS3's brain started to hurt, if @CAPS3 grandpa dies I want to hear. I whispered quietly, "I can't tell you much because I don't know the experience, but your family needs you now as much as you need them. Think about the good times you had with your grandpa @CAPS4 The laughter you all enjoyed together. I heard a slight giggling in her sob. She started telling me a story about her family's annual weekend beach trip. What a wonderful time for her @CAPS3's heart warmed and the corners of @CAPS3's mouth rose slightly when she told me this story. I'm so proud of myself for persevering and being strong for @CAPS3's friends. Even though @PERSON1 will never see her again Grandpa @CAPS4 but she will always be with her. Through memories, with her heart, with laughter.
Laughter is one of the most amazing things the human body can do. Laughter is as unique as crying. There are so many things to make people laugh about. Once you start laughing, you can't stop. Laughing is caused by something humorous, so the reason for laughing is mainly to make it more interesting. It usually depends on who you are with, where you are, and what kind of situation you are in before you actually start laughing. Kind of like when I was baking a pie with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 at @LOCATION2... Had a warm night at @LOCATION2 and I was making a pie with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Before my @CAPS1 pointed out that there was no more sugar, we had used up all the ingredients we needed to make the pie. She told me to go to the quilt and get a jar of sugar. So I went and when I opened the lid there were two jars and I asked her which of the two jars was sugar since there was no label on it. "I think it's the jar on the left," she said. Without a word, I grabbed the jar on the left. Later, when everyone sat down and talked to each other, my @CAPS1 and I went to get pie to serve the family. They all looked at the pie in awe as we took it out and started slicing. After everyone had eaten, they all took a bite. Within seconds, everyone started spitting it out like it was the worst thing they'd ever put in their mouth. Suddenly my @LOCATION1 commented that the pie was too salty...not the kind of comment I was expecting. Then my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 to check out the jar I grabbed from the cover. She put her finger in the jar and tasted it. Fortunately, it's the salt shaker. Then suddenly thinking about what just happened, everyone started laughing and burst into tears. It was the most fun I had that night and no one could stop laughing. Obviously the pie situation is something I'll never forget, and probably never will again. After all, everything that happens with the pie ends up being the kind of situation that makes you laugh. This shows that the three causes of laughter are real. First, I'm with my @CAPS1. Second, I'm at @LOCATION1's house, where at least one interesting thing happens. What happened to the salt and sugar was also a completely unexpected situation that turned out to be very interesting. And think it happened entirely because of the laughter for three main reasons. Laughter is one of the most amazing things the human body can do. Laughter is always one of the things in life that can never be destroyed. If you're the one who says they never laughed, then you're a liar and a hypocrite. Being able to laugh is good for you and your health. It provides extra oxygen to your lungs, helps you breathe easier, and is a lot of fun. So if you find yourself not smiling, stop right now and take a moment to smile.
Laughter - as @CAPS4 is known - is a visual expression of happiness, or inner joy. @CAPS4 @MONTH1 Make sure not to tell jokes, get tickled or some other random stimulus. @CAPS4 It's a very pleasant feeling most of the time. In this way, laughter has a huge impact on the daily life of each of us. Laughter tends to inspire our emotions by expressing them in many good, pleasant, and ultimately positive ways. However, @CAPS4 proved to be more contagious than any cough, sniff or sneeze. When laughter is shared, @CAPS4 connects people, increasing intimacy and happiness. Around @TIME1 - which happened to be the start of my third class when I was supposed to be in my @CAPS1 class but luckily - I didn't. You might be thinking, "@CAPS2, if she's not in the third class, where is she?" I actually ended up in the computer lab and started my state writing test again. I wasn't too excited to retake the written test, but I knew deep down in my heart that I could pass the state written test this time without any ifs, ands, or buts, the worst thing you can call excuses. No doubt I'm going to get out of the room and realize I can do better - that's for sure. My self-confidence is set to a very high bar, absolutely no negative thoughts. I'm ready for the test - again. As soon as I entered the computer room, I almost sat down, trying to avoid the flies from the fly swatter. I took a deep breath as usual and started logging into the computer. During the time I waited for my computer to log in, I sat looking around the room, with nothing to do, and then imagined that I was about to type in the content of my status writing test. After the teacher approved my login, I started typing all my private information into the blank boxes so I could start the next steps. Within seconds, I was ready to start the exam. Several themes listed below appeared on the screen to choose from, but only one of them was the one I was most comfortable with, and I felt I could score very high. The theme is, "We all understand that, for example, someone once said, 'Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. "Many others think that laughter is an important part of any relationship. Telling a true story in which laughter is part of the element or part. At the moment I chose that topic, I really didn't know what I was going to write about because in the I had countless laughable moments in my childhood, and almost every story I could remember had to be more than @NUM1 words. So, I just sat there thinking - I know what I'm going to do. That's when I heard this very annoying sound, the multiple taps of the kid's keyboard, and the multiple annoying clicks of the computer mouse. @CAPS4 It's clear that the students know their subject very well @CAPS2 - not like me. Minutes go by so quickly, yet, still nothing. Not a single story about laughter to share. By then, I'm pretty unhappy with myself because if you really think about @CAPS4, who Don't have a story about laughter to write? I know I have some kind or kind of story to share, @CAPS4 it's harder for me to wrap one up and type @CAPS4. That's when I'm about to start my dissertation , a young student (who was taking the state reading test at the time) shouted, "@CAPS3! " This kid caught not only myself, but the rest of the class as @CAPS2. Honestly, I swear @CAPS4 was a 'must go moment'. @CAPS4 not just because he said @CAPS3 is very loud, but because of the look on his face and the way he announced @CAPS4 to everyone in the computer lab - @CAPS4 almost killed me. This little boy is so excited and proud of himself, with As far as he's gone. Obviously, he's very eager to let the whole class know - that's probably what I did as @CAPS2. Almost at the same time he announced @CAPS4, I knew it was a joke, not only to remember Live and share with others like @CAPS2. In fact, if I'm being honest, this short story just happened to not only make me happy, but he made my status writing assessment topic a lot less stressful for me. Obviously, As you can see, laughter does seem to have a huge impact on the day-to-day life of each of us, and sometimes these moments are meant to be shared.
For me, laughter is involved in many parts of my life. Being happy and laughing is the most important thing in my life. I feel happy when I laugh, so whenever I'm sad or angry, people can always tell a joke or something that makes me giggle and I'm happy again. I like to make people laugh. Sometimes when I try to make people laugh, I tell a joke, but I'm not that funny. People laugh when I am myself. I think I can have fun without trying. I have amazing friends, I mean absolutely amazing, and despite the hard times we've had, I still love them and thank them @CAPS1 every day. My friends and I are always figuring out ways to have fun and every time we find something to do @CAPS2 it's always fun. Even small things, like facial expressions, the way we pronounce, or even the way we eat our food, can make us laugh. @CAPS2 Actually ridiculous. When my friends and I tried to tell other people about our hilarious adventures, they all just stared at us while we burst out laughing. @CAPS2 Maybe people don't think @CAPS2 is funny because they're not there. There is an exchange student in my family this year named @PERSON1. She is from @LOCATION2. She is very shy and quiet. @PERSON1 never seems to be the type to make me laugh, @CAPS5 boy was I wrong. She's probably the funniest thing to do @LOCATION4. I think she's funny anyway. Sometimes she's so forgetful that it's hard for @CAPS2 not to laugh at her. I have a best friend named @PERSON2. We have many interesting memories together. She is amazing and funny. She was so short that people called her a midget and she was quick to reply: "I'm not a midget! I'm @NUM1'@NUM2'', you have to be @NUM1'@NUM4'' to be a midget!" @CAPS2 DO IT so cute when. I recently moved back from @LOCATION1's grandparents. When I lived there, I was told (by phone I might add) that there was a girl living in my old bedroom. "@CAPS2 is an exchange student from @LOCATION2," my family told me. I flew back to @LOCATION3 with my family for @CAPS4. When I got here, I met @PERSON1. She looked so quiet and sweet. @CAPS2 It was late when we got home, so I went to bed right away. I woke up the next day, called my grandma, then called @PERSON2 and asked her to come and play with me. She came to meet @PERSON1. @PERSON1 told us she wanted to give my mom a birthday present, and I replied, "@CAPS5, that's tomorrow, let's go to town ." All three of us went to town, to @ORGANIZATION1 For @CAPS6. When we got there, we all looked around for something we thought she might like. Somehow, we ended up in the underwear aisle. @PERSON2 picked out a small pair of underwear, shouted: "@CAPS7 @PERSON1, where are these?" @PERSON1 looked at her with the funniest look, then shouted, "@CAPS8, I don't think my thighs fit! " @PERSON2 and I literally fell to the floor laughing so hard that our faces were all red. Based on our first impressions, we thought she was a quiet, "keep yourself" girl, so we just thought @CAPS2 was hilarious. We often make fun of @PERSON1 for this, and she makes fun of other funny things we come across. I've fallen in love with @PERSON1 and I love being around her and making fun of in all situations.
As @DATE1 warm days turn into cold winter nights, the girls (@PERSON3, @PERSON5, @PERSON2, @CAPS1 & @PERSON4) and I wonder what we should be doing to add a little energy to our lives. No one knows what will happen next or what laughter we will experience. This is one of the biggest games of the season for @ORGANIZATION1. This is to determine if they will go to the playoffs to compete for @CAPS2. @CAPS1 is the biggest @ORGANIZATION1 fan known to man. She is rude and wears a @CAPS3 outfit. We watched the game, drank a few glasses of apple juice, and had a blast on @ORGANIZATION2. Halftime is just around the corner and, to say the least, halftime won't be that bag of chips. I took my camera out of the bag that @PERSON1 looked like and pressed record. @PERSON3 had so much fun on a red exercise ball as I circled around trying to get everyone on the video. She bounces up and down at least @NUM1 or three inches in @CAPS7. A light bulb went off in my head. I handed the camera to @PERSON4 and slowly moved to where @PERSON3 bounced. Just as @PERSON3 screamed, "@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7!" I kicked the exercise ball out from under her and when she came back she was straight! @PERSON3 is too busy laughing, trying to breathe, can't tell @CAPS5 how stupid I am. I curled up into a ball on the floor, trying not to pee my pants, when suddenly I heard a thud. I looked up and the camera was lying on the floor next to @PERSON4, @PERSON5 and @PERSON2 laughing with @CAPS5. @PERSON3 finally got the strength to stand up. She came over and patted @CAPS5 on the head and said, "@CAPS8 will never do that again." I'd say we did a better halftime show than @ORGANIZATION1. After the race, the weather changed and it started to snow. As everyone rushed to find their shoes, bumping into each other, I grabbed the camera, not worried if I was sick. We spent the last hour doing two of my favorite things; taking pictures. After drinking too much hot chocolate and apple juice, we went back to the house and slowly fell asleep. @PERSON3 has always been the early bird. I felt a sharp pain in my back and I rushed straight up. Only quickly realized that it was just her fist. It wasn't long before everyone else got up from their warm blankets. Everyone @CAPS9 @CAPS1. We put her to sleep and thought outside again. Snowing. @CAPS11. We figured out a way to start building all the snow into a big pile. @CAPS1 was a heavy sleeper, so we picked her up, opened the door to the backyard, and threw her in the middle of the pile. @CAPS1's eyes are wide open. Her mouth followed suit and did the same. She used every bad word she could think of, including some from @CAPS12 that even she didn't know the meaning of. Soon we were all laughing so hard in the snow that we couldn't even breathe @CAPS6 to apologize. @CAPS1 realized it was a really good joke and started laughing with us. In the end, we all had a good laugh that night and caught a cold. Laughter is the most important element of any relationship. It makes the connection between you and others stronger. Whoever said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people", @PERCENT1 is right.
Funny @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I've had the same best @CAPS2 for about three years now. Many times, laughter is the most important part of our friendship. But @CAPS3 not sure if we just thought it was funny or if people thought it was funny. My two best @CAPS2s are @LOCATION2 and @PERSON2. In fact, I've known both of them since childhood. It was about second grade when we became @CAPS2. Although we didn't really get close until about sixth grade. Now @CAPS3 is closer to @CAPS1 @LOCATION2, then I am to @LOCATION1. I remember @LOCATION2 and I would throw little erasers across the room and almost miss our teacher. My first memory of @CAPS1 @PERSON2 was probably when we were in third grade. We'll be messing around in @LOCATION3. The three of us seldom hang out since high school. It also doesn't help when each of us goes to a different school. But when @LOCATION2, @PERSON2 and I hang out, I'm always laughing and having a good time. An example of how laughter brought us together was when we went to the @PERSON1 skate park for a birthday a few years ago. @PERSON2's grandma took us there and along the way we asked if we could stop and find @ORGANIZATION1. I just bought a @CAPS4 camera for my birthday, so I decided to bring it. We went to @ORGANIZATION1 on @NUM1 Street. @PERSON2's grandma was ordering as we passed the drive-thru. @PERSON2 decided to roll down the car window and start ordering things for himself while his grandma. He asked for a @ORGANIZATION2 and a big fry. What's really funny is that his grandma got angry. She told @PERSON2 to stop and told the person through the microphone not to listen to the male voice in the background. But @PERSON2 keeps doing it. When we pulled over to the window to get the food, @PERSON2 told his grandma to pull the car far enough away so he could get the food. So when we pulled up @PERSON2 he rolled the windows down and got the food. @CAPS3 Glad I brought the camera and recorded the whole thing. When we got there, we jumped out of the car and went to the park. We got there quite late, about three or four o'clock. At first none of us really slipped through as we looked around. But when we started skating, we were there for about four or five hours. Because it was dark outside when we left. There are four stairs, two stairs, three stretches, three blocks and five stairs. Here's their order from size and @PERSON3 their difficulty. Because we were there for a long time, we recorded a lot of videos. Some places we were skating, some places were really casual and fun, and some places I didn't know what the hell was going on with them. Later that day, when we got tired of being there @PERSON2's grandma came to pick us up. When we got back, they both came to my house. We just watched @CAPS5 and played video games. It's always fun to watch one of us get frustrated because we didn't win. Finally we stopped and listened to music. Around @NUM2 pm, @PERSON2 went home and @LOCATION2 stayed at @TIME1. He was fiddling with my camera @CAPS1 tripod on @CAPS1 when we were in my living room. When he took it in his hand, he unscrewed it and it fell apart. We all laughed at first, but then I got mad because I just figured it out. It was a really fun day, full of laughter, dedication to skating and our friendship. This is the day I feel closer to @LOCATION2 and @PERSON2.
Laughter @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS1 Your little, you are that, little. You look up at everyone and have no faint clue that @CAPS6 is doing anything. Now, this is usually where your parents step in @CAPS1. They feed, love and take care of you, but @CAPS4 importantly, they teach you what you need to know. Growing up I knew you needed to help others, not just yourself. One way I find it easy to help others is to laugh. Laughter doesn't just affect those around you, @CAPS2 affects you too. You can ask anyone if in their life someone has ever made a difference by making them laugh. Or I can make them laugh. @CAPS4 will be able to think of when this happens, some @MONTH1 won't. Although I know for a fact, someone just made me giggle and it changed my life. For example, I remember one day @CAPS1 I felt so lonely and forgotten. I felt used, even betrayed. Growing up, I knew my friends were the second family. They are always by my side. While we fought like @CAPS4 kids, by the end of the day, everything was back to normal. People say, "@CAPS6 is coming, I never noticed @CAPS6 easy I have @CAPS2 @CAPS1 I was young? I thought I had @CAPS2 bad?" @CAPS7 @CAPS2 Irrelevant @CAPS6 The problem is the same. @CAPS2 Fighting with friends is still a pain. You still feel very lonely for a few days, but you don't quite know why. One of those days when the smallest things seem to cut the deepest. This day is one of those days. Look now, I was young then; I was in third grade and my best friend was a girl named @PERSON1. I don't remember exactly what we were arguing about, but I do remember @CAPS6, if that makes sense. I remember when I was walking in the classroom, tears were about to fall. I've dealt with @PERSON1 being so cruel before, but whatever she said that day really hurt me. I've always been the first in the classroom, I'm not sure @CAPS6 if I really am, but I've always been. I sat in my seat, motionless. My brain took me to my own little world of sadness. That was @CAPS1 and she asked me what was wrong. Even as a kid I hated @CAPS2 @CAPS1 People I didn't know asked me if I was okay. @CAPS2 embarrassed me because @CAPS2 is just another reminder that I'm showing weakness to people who probably don't care. Although @CAPS2 was different this time, and @CAPS2 helped in a strange way. I burst into tears and explained to the teacher in detail what had happened. What really made the difference was that after everything my teacher tried to comfort me and make me feel better, she made me laugh. Whatever the hell I told her, her answer not only made me feel better, but made me realize that @CAPS2 is not a big deal. I laughed to myself for a while, and I was happy when everyone was in class. At the end of the day, @PERSON1 and I are best friends again. Honestly, my teacher did me a favor. Your vulnerability as a child. You don't see the world as a harsh, unforgivable place. That's why people become like this. It all has to do with the environment in which they grew up. I believe I was changed by this little effort. That little joke made me realize that in the long run, everything will be fine. Since then, laughter has been important to me. I help me realize the impact you have on people. Even at a young age, you can still make a difference. Since then, I have used what my teacher taught me. I've learned that sometimes, even if you can't make them laugh, smile, or just have fun; the fact that you've tried does make a difference. Laughing is important. @CAPS2 changes people, regardless of age.
Good day for adventure @CAPS5 My sister invited me to her Christian school @PERSON1, @CAPS1 was a sunny day, then @CAPS1 turned into a less sunny day. Woke up on the first day of visiting my sister at her new school, went to all her classes with her, the teachers were kinda wired, and so were her friends, after @PERSON1's 2nd class, we went to her @CAPS2.E class teacher said to put on running shoes because we are going to climb the mountain, my sister forgot to wear her running shoes, so the teacher asked me and her to get the shoes after we got them, it's been a quarter mile of class and left school , so my sister and I decided to take a shortcut, so we opted for the off-road "the seanic root". We ran down a hill, @CAPS1 was really steep, my sister was half way down the hill and she kept sliding down with her butt after she left, so I ran down the hill faster than I ever ran life, and I hit the sidewalk Bottom I was like a tumbleweed in a hurricane My sister helped me get up and we started 2nd in the class and they were "shocked" by how my sister and I looked like she just finished playing in the mud On the other hand, I looked like I got hit by a truck and had dirt all over my face, @CAPS3 After my sister and I got back we decided to clean up so we went to @PERSON1's shower with @CAPS4.HS The shower is similar but has a shower curtain, the shower curtain I used came off this medel hook, I'm not smart, used a plastic step stool, the floor was still wet from @CAPS5, I took a shower, The stool slipped and my little finger was coughed by the hook and I cut the @CAP S1 open on my little finger and I started to get dizzy and I passed out my sister and her friend took me to my sister's room and at @CAPS1 @CAPS5 Bandages on and I still pass out. After waking up I found myself between a blanket and a very unfair bet my sister was waiting for me to wake up and tell me never to scare her like that agien, @CAPS5 she said I told her I was right @CAPS1 Interesting view of @CAPS5 We ran down the hill and I didn't do much damage other than bruise me and how my pinky made me pass out.
Every @DATE1 my family, friends and I pack an exciting trip to @ORGANIZATION1. We always bring our @CAPS3 runners and row with us. We rented a large cabin right by the water. We stayed for about a week and it was always around a hundred degrees, so we usually spent most of the day swimming in the water. It's on the pass about an hour from @CAPS1. They have lots of fun activities at @ORGANIZATION1 like @CAPS2, kayaking, water biking, biking, boating and more. This is my brother's first year of getting his boating license and I'm super excited because it's more exciting to have him take us out rowing than my parents, they're slow and they're not that much fun . When one of us falls, he always puts one of us on the @CAPS3 flag on the @CAPS3 runner and one of us on the pipe. Once he took me and my friend @PERSON1 out. It was in the late afternoon, when the water became turbulent and choppy. First @PERSON1 on the tube, me and my brother marked the back of the @CAPS3 runner. He'll make us go around @NUM1 mph in circles. As a result, she just flew out. Once @PERSON1 got up on the @CAPS3 runner, I jumped on the tube and I told my brother I was ready. We'll give thumbs up to speed up, thumbs up to slow down, @CAPS3 your arms stop like you're crazy. He started to walk away and I waited a while with a thumbs up. He started flying very fast and I was flying around in circles. I get whip flashes every time I hit @CAPS3. I put my thumb down to slow down, he didn't slow down, he continued to go faster and faster. Then I waved my arm to stop him. @PERSON1 is the one looking at me and she thought it would be funny if she told my brother I wanted to keep going faster. I ended up doing two backflips into the water. I was pumping water so fast that it felt like my skin was going to peel off and it hurt so bad. It took me about a minute to finally get to the surface as I gasped. I sat in the water waiting for my brother to drive up to pick me up. Something felt wrong and I never wore bikini bottoms again. I started to panic and told my brother not to come over. I looked around for them in the water but they were not seen. I told my brother and he called my dad. My dad and mom were going to bring me a pair of shorts because they couldn't get me out of the water without shorts. I had so much fun at @ORGANIZATION1 and I have a great story that I will tell for the rest of my life. I can't wait to go back next year and I know I'll be bringing a pair of super skinny shorts to the tube.
What are you thinking when you laugh? Who are you with? What are you doing? When you were three, you laughed because someone went, "@CAPS1-a-boo" and then they contorted their faces. When you're 13, you laugh because someone looks different and doesn't wear "fit" clothes. When you were twenty-three, you laughed with your friend because your friend got drunk and did something stupid in the middle of a party. But when you find yourself 33 and your husband is wrestling with your 5 year old, you laugh out loud. Well, about three years ago, my brother and I finally figured out how to have a relationship. The @PERSON1 family has always been complicated. When we tell people our relationship, their response is always, "@ Caps2 ... what? Start again!", So we try to avoid the topic. My brother @PERSON2 has lived in @LOCATION2 with his mother all his life and walks @CAPS3, so neither our @CAPS3 nor I really have a close relationship with him. While it's not our dad's fault, we only meet @PERSON2 twice a year. Twice a year, @PERSON2 and my sister @PERSON3 are always making fun of me, avoiding me and laughing at me because I can't do what they can. I used to hate it when he came down because I knew I would cry and get into trouble most of the time for things I didn't do. When the three children grew up together, they found that they got along better. My brother is not so mean to me anymore, he finds us on the same side against a common enemy: @CAPS3. Our relationship has always revolved around laughter and we get along just fine because we joke around with each other every day and know it's pointless. It's our way of showing that we care about each other, sometimes we laugh at others, sometimes we laugh at ourselves. Now that my brother is in college, we really miss each other and the key to our relationship is the laughter we share. When my brother found out that he really liked me, he taught me everything about video games and helped me, we are not only the same team in video games, but in real life as well. Summer @DATE1 my brother and I are sitting at home bored because @CAPS3 is at work and @PERSON2 has no car in @LOCATION1. We decided to play all video games at least once in this endless day. This challenge didn't last long as the first and last game we played that day was @CAPS4 @NUM1. We just started out just figuring out how it worked and where it went, and we struggled with it for an hour. Then we started playing just to see whose team was winning, we started making jokes about opposing players, we named all the bad players, mean, really weird names, and we laughed the whole game. Then to make things more interesting, we started making our own characters and building a fantasy draft. @PERSON2 as a man who came up with the most vulgar names to make players look either really scary or funny, he stacked their stats so their overall team average in all respects is @PERCENT1 . I, as a girl, make all my guys super sexy and muscular with funny names and stack their stats to what I think is reasonable based on their good looks, so my team average is just @PERCENT2 . From the moment we were prompted, to the moment we looked at the final stats of the game, we were all laughing. Every time the announcer said the name of one of our players in that basketball context, it was wrong but funny, "@CAPS5 @CAPS6 for two". When both teams made every shot and then there was a chance someone missed one, we made a lot of comments and jokes. When @CAPS3 got home he thought something was wrong because we laughed so hard that our tan carpet turned brown. Even after dinner, when we calm down, @PERSON2 will say something that only I know, then we will laugh and @CAPS3 will look at us with dumbfounded expressions. Looking back, I wouldn't trade anything for that day. Now @PERSON2 and I sometimes bring up that day when we start playing sports or just on the phone. We laugh and use context to make fun of each other. Yes, you can say it's not a very normal relationship, but that's how we know we love each other because the truth is, I don't even like video games, I only play video games when he wants to. So from that day on, we got closer, we stopped fighting and actually stood up for each other. So who ever said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between people". is right.
It seems like everyone is being tested in all shapes and forms every day, and it never seems to end. It gets stressful and complicated, but that's what makes us human. The other thing that makes us human is laughter, but no matter how bad things get, it can always be changed by knocking a joke, a comic book commercial, or a word from your best friend. I and my father and several of his friends in high school together, they are telling some crazy things they did in high school story. My dad and his friend @CAPS1 started talking about when they bought the @NUM1 @LOCATION1 storm for @MONEY1. It turned out to be the greatest life lesson and some of the funniest stories of my life. This is my dad's second car with @NUM2 and @NUM3 speeds, anything is possible. It started when my dad first drove to school and didn't last long because an hour later. @CAPS1 and my dad were exhausted on the speed bump in the school parking lot. This car is a burnt animal, back up and side-clutch to second and it all blows up. One day my dad was coasting on a gravel corner and a rear bias tire blew and threw the car into a ditch and messed up the sides. Joe Anders pulled him out, half a gallon of Della glass, a hammer, and a can of paint, and it was ready later. The next story I heard was when my dad's friend borrowed a car and he needed something to get him back and forth to work. So my dad handed him the key and said "put it on @NUM3 wheels". On a weekend two weeks later, he went out and fucked and the car slid off the road, flipped over a few times, and crashed into the roof. I never heard how he got out, but somehow he gave the car back to my dad. After that, it had an organ transplant from the roof of the tree-hit @CAPS2, and @NUM5 weeks later it's ready again. Now it's just rear-wheel drive cars and snow making us kids again. Glide in the snow is the last thing this car does. When the back-end and front-end decision to swap positions, my father very happy, and @ CAPS1 driving in the snow. They lose control as they slide across a winter wonderland to a lone telephone pole. The car slid into the pole and that was the end of the fun. Eventually the car died and my dad drove the car home. He decided not to fix it and took it apart He sold @NUM3 speed @NUM7 @MONEY1 engine @NUM8 and rear end @NUM9 trunk and hood followed by another @NUM9 seat, turn to me Dad's column and radio, the rest is junk. So all in all, my dad had the greatest moment of his life with gas money and some spare parts. God bless @LOCATION2, I hope one day I can have such memories.
I think laughter is a very important part of life and sometimes it helps people get down. I was with my cousin once and she had a terrible day and she was stressed and upset and didn't know what to do so she came over and she was really emotional and I told her it was okay to cry. After a while, when she calmed down, I told her that life is not always smooth sailing, many people say life is a box of chocolates you only have to eat @NUM1 once some @MONTH1 are sweet, others may not be so good, but I told her life is more like a jar of jalapenos what are you doing now @MONTH1 burn your ass tomorrow and she just laughs and then she laughs and laughs so I know she'll be alright listen to the music and that's it Why I think it's good to laugh and that you'll cut calories like this haha.
Laughter Matters In the last two weeks of school, I was told the best news ever. My mom told me I'll be flying to @LOCATION1 alone. I'm excited because I haven't seen my family in a while. Even though @CAPS1 has flown a few times, I'm still terrified, I've never flown myself, so this will be a very new thing. As excited and terrified as I was, I just kept wanting to meet family members, even some family members I had never seen or heard of before. School seemed to go by slowly and I was in a hurry. Two weeks have passed, and I've packed my bags and am ready to go. My mom tried not to cry, but she still did. I threw the metal detector and walked a long hallway and finally got on the plane. On the plane, I wanted to meet my real father, and that's what I thought the whole time on the plane. I landed at @LOCATION1 at @NUM1 pm that day. I'm also happy because I'm tired. My sister picked me up from the airport. My sister and I aren't very close, so it's a little awkward. She started talking about when we were young and how we had fun. Since I'm at @LOCATION1 I want to see a lot of family, most of my family already know I'm in town and the news spreads fast. When my aunt saw me, they were shocked, they said I had grown a lot. I'm happy because it was one of the best moments ever. I met a lot of people, especially family friends, which was awesome because I even met some of my mom's school friends. A few days later I got a text from a sister I had never met or met before and she was so happy to know I was in town. She told me that she and my dad wanted to meet me and spend some time together, so we made plans. I was really nervous because the only time I saw my dad was when I was very young. That was fifteen years ago. When I finally got to meet them, I really didn't know what to do, what to say, I was scared, so I decided to bring my sister and my cousin so that I wouldn't be embarrassed. We decided to meet at my grandma's house. I haven't seen her for a long time, unfortunately she's not here. When my dad got there, I didn't know what to do, I didn't know him or even my other sister. We hug each other. When we entered the house, we were all quiet and my dad could only say "@CAPS2" because I've grown so much. Then he started talking about silly little things I did as a kid, which made us all laugh. All we did was laugh and it made me cry a little. My relationship with my dad couldn't have been better had it not been for laughing.
So once my friends Chad, Justin and I Ding Dong abandoned this old man. The reason we do this is because we pass by his house every day and he turns on his sprinkler and this annoying siren. So at nine or ten at night, we went to his house, knocked on his door and ran. It was so much fun because when we came back from the run, we went to our friend Tyler's house and we sat in the garage, basking in what we had just achieved. About ten seconds later, we heard the slam of the garage door. At first we were a little bit taken aback so we ran into Tyler's room and it happened... funniest shit ever, that old maniac just started screaming and knocking on the door and he yelled "Come out, kids, you Scared of what?!" We just laughed from ear to ear. Well, he knew exactly where we were, so he went to the front door and started knocking, waking Mama Taylor up. We ended up going out and talking to that guy, and he said he called the police because he said this sort of thing happens all the time. We deny it's us, but it's so, we can't help but laugh at his ugly face. He looked like a tortoise had intercourse with an eighty-year-old rapist. He has liver spots and a horrible grey combination on his face that will not fool anyone. When the police showed up, the man was long gone, and we told the police that he was old and didn't know what he was talking about. So we got off. It's fun and great.
What exactly is laughter? Is there something good happening that makes people happy? According to @CAPS1 of @PERSON1, laughter is the reason for joy. In other words, a lighthearted spirit of entertainment. Laughter plays an important role not only in relationships, but also in life. An example of how important laughter is in relationships is when a very good friend of mine stopped talking to me because of our empty argument about some animal being instinctive. It's been two years because I haven't spoken to her. I thought nothing would bring us together until one day I was in the store and we met. We just looked at each other and started laughing. It was then that we found our arguments to be pointless and not worth talking about. What makes this story even clearer is that without laughter, my friends and I would never be reunited. When you meet someone new, is the first thing you do is make them like you? You usually tell jokes, or say something funny, just to get them a laugh or two. Here, laughter is associated with the life, physical and spiritual experiences that make up an individual's existence. When you meet someone new, you often see that these people have at least one thing in common. I promise that in every friendship, laughter is the most common thing people share. There is no way around it. Another example of why laughter is important in life is when someone is looking for a job or going to an interview, the person in charge of deciding whether you get the job has no personality. What you do most often in this situation is either to show your serious side or maybe make a joke. If that doesn't work, at least that person has a good idea of your personality. Learning how to deal with life can become very stressful, and trying to deal with it mentally can be quite a challenge. A friend of mine just graduated from college and she is struggling to find a job where she studied. She was stressed and depressed because her grandmother was in hospital preparing to die. @CAPS3 don't know what to do, no money coming in yet, she can't find an apartment, she's just a mess. Until one day, she told me that she received a call from her sister, who said that their grandma couldn't hold on anymore, and she was going to go. @CAPS3 rushed to the hospital to visit her last grandma before she died. Grandma took her hand and told her: "I know life can be mean and doesn't give you a chance, but you have to get through it and enjoy life. Worry about what will happen tomorrow, such a life is short. Just smile when life gives you At worst, your face and laughter." @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 realized what her grandma was saying was true. You can't live your life in drag, just stand up and accept it. @CAPS3 is very upset about her lost grandmother but @CAPS2 again feels like it was meant to happen because she would never have known her grandmother went through the same thing as her if she hadn't told her about it . She doesn't feel like she's the only one in the world going through these difficult crises. She will always love her grandma. When you learn how to look at life, people tend to notice that this is indeed a very difficult step to achieve. Individuals learn in many other ways, or some don't learn at all. For example, @CAPS3 learned from going to school and struggling to find a job. Her grandmother told her before she died because her grandmother most likely experienced it too. Others learn by meeting new people and enjoying life, or like me, I learned the hard way by not having empty arguments with a very good friend of mine. Laughter comes in different shapes and sizes, and as humans, we must approach it, whether arguing or learning about it. It's going to come in one way or another, and we have to prepare for it, and it's not a scary thing. The good thing about laughter is that it makes you happy, and people tend to have a good time. Laughter is a positive thing that people shouldn't ignore, and it's also a great way to reduce stress. Laughter is the cause of joy, a lighthearted spirit. Laughter plays an important role not only in relationships, but also in life itself.
Mock @CAPS1 Bell. @CAPS11 Best friend and I have a lot of fun memories together. Even when something @CAPS7 is totally stupid or actually very funny, we're always laughing. We laugh at people who look funny, or say stupid things. We also laugh at the funny things we do. One thing that @CAPS8 has been bothering about @CAPS11 is the time when @CAPS1 chimes. One day after school, my best friend @PERSON1 and @CAPS11 decided to cross the road from our school and have lunch at @CAPS1 bell. We ordered food and sat down to wait @CAPS7. Minutes later, our food was ready and we sat down to eat @CAPS7. "@CAPS4" I said to @LOCATION1 as I took a bite of @CAPS11 @CAPS5 five layer burrito. "@CAPS6" @CAPS7 is really hot, it scalded @CAPS11's mouth. I had to wait a few minutes for the @CAPS11 burritos. So we all sat down, waited for our burritos to cool, and talked about school and other things going on in our lives. A few minutes later, a man walked in, he was about @NUM1 or @NUM2, his back was to us so we couldn't see his face. The man ordered food, turned and sat down. In the meantime, I thought the @CAPS11 burritos were cold enough and I went to take a bite while the man looked at us, he was wearing a clown mask, he had a puppy and he had a tiara on his head. The next thing I know @CAPS11 burritos are coming out of @CAPS11's mouth, I'm dying laughing. @CAPS11 The burrito was completely spit out of @CAPS11's mouth and I'm all over @LOCATION1. All over @CAPS11's hair, mouth, clothes and table. I'm so embarrassed, I can't help @CAPS8 laugh. I think the main reason I laughed so hard was because the man looked so scary, @CAPS8 wow, we seemed to be laughing for an hour straight. You might think this is the end of a bad day for @CAPS11, @CAPS8 @CAPS7 will only get worse. Eating @CAPS11 burritos seems forever because we're always laughing. @CAPS7 It probably took me ten minutes to finish a burrito. Meanwhile, I'm thirsty and need something to drink. So I went and ordered a small drink and bought some @CAPS10. When I got back to the @CAPS11 table, instead of looking, I came across a line of people. I almost spilled @CAPS11 @CAPS10 @CAPS8 luckily I didn't. Back in the @CAPS11 seat, I'm talking to @PERSON1 about how bad it was for @CAPS11 and how it got worse for @CAPS7. Then I had a drink and I started choking @CAPS11 @CAPS10, @CAPS7 sucks, I spit everything on @LOCATION1, @CAPS10 is flying all over the place, @CAPS7 won't even come out of @CAPS11. So I walked into the bathroom, cleaned @CAPS11's ego, caught @CAPS11's breath, and told @PERSON1 I was going home. When I look back on the day with @CAPS11's best friend at the bell at @CAPS1, not only do I think about how embarrassing @CAPS7 was for me and her, @CAPS8 also thinks @CAPS7 is a great, fun memory, I'll probably remember @CAPS11 for the rest of my life. As I said before @CAPS11 best friend and I have a lot of fun memories together and we are doing more every day.
There is a difference between right and wrong. Most of us learned from it, and most of us didn't. We can all choose to face @CAPS3 that we did it wrong, or just lied and got into more trouble than you already have. Ever wonder when you do something wrong without you thinking first? Well, this is one of those times when I didn't think about it first. I'm nine years old and @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 and I were joking around in the park, playing with the old rusty blue swing and having a great time. There's not much to do in the park other than play basketball, run around, go to the monkey bar with tons of germs on it, go down the soaking slides, and play tags if we have the energy. @ORGANIZATION1 Saw two rusted broken cars that looked like they had been around for centuries. @ORGANIZATION1 was talking about his stupid brain "we should go out there throwing rocks at those cars is yours." I shook my head and nodded to @ORGANIZATION1 with a big smile on my face. @PERSON1 has zero tolerance for any negative remarks "@CAPS1 We shouldn't have these cars owned by someone. How would you feel if some idiot kid came and destroyed your car?" I thought for a while and he did a little. If some idiot kid did that to my car, I'd flip my chicken. We are all watching each other think @CAPS3 to do it. Sixteen minutes passed, still nothing. I used my idiot brain to say "@CAPS2, don't these cars belong to anyone? They don't even look like they're moving, they look like they've been sitting there feeling like the dinosaurs are here." @PERSON1 walked away and said to himself "@CAPS3 Idiot kids, I already knew they were going to get in trouble." @ORGANIZATION1 and I looked at each other like we just saw a ghost. We finally started walking towards the rusted broken car. On the way there, @ORGANIZATION1's clumsy foot stomped on a piece of wood. When I finally got to the two rusted broken cars, I picked up a rock. I want to ask me this for a second? Should I do this? With just sheer pressure and guilt, I threw stones. One by one, they kept throwing stones, pipes, auto parts, logs, and beating them with a huge metal pipe. @ORGANIZATION1 I'm gone, now that we're exhausted, let's take a break and see what we did to those rusted broken cars @CAPS3. The two vehicles looked as if they had just been hit by a tornado. @ORGANIZATION1, I started laughing. We laughed almost all the way to the point of wetting ourselves. There's a @CAPS1 around, a @CAPS1 sees us. At least that's what we think @CAPS3. About four days later, I'm back at the park with @PERSON1 and @CAPS1 sign for @ORGANIZATION1. Just as we were coming home from the park, a tall, blond, older woman with big feet came up to us and asked us @CAPS1 @CAPS4 "@CAPS4 are you still alive?" We were just kids back then, I think both Without thinking : "I'm leaving on the street, this is the penultimate house. I'll show you if you want?" Ms. Bigfoot replies "@CAPS5 That's great, thanks." @PERSON1 and me Started walking home, just wondering why the lady wanted to know @CAPS4 where we live? Going around the block, we saw the lady's car parked in front of my house. @PERSON1 and I look at each other and I know @CAPS3 he's thinking. @PERSON1 thought I screwed up. The lady with big feet ended up being the owner of the two rusted and broken cars. I don't know what @CAPS3 said or did. Just the thoughts flashing through my head telling me I'm screwed. Never in my life have I been so down to earth and loud. If there are some lessons from @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 I've learned, don't touch anything that doesn't belong to you, respect @CAPS3 not yours, respect everything even if it's not yours, stop being an idiot kid. This shows that @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 and I are right and wrong, and honestly we are wrong with @CAPS3 and think about doing something before your actions get you in trouble.
Doze off into space and relax because I can be in a stuffy room. @CAPS1 lying next to me thinking about what we can do. Nothing came to mind. We both decided it was hot outside doing anything and there was nothing on the TV. We thought we would lie in bed all day, rotting in the heat. But then @CAPS1 came up with the idea of playing some video games. @CAPS6 Let's turn on some music and play stereo. Put in some @CAPS2's @CAPS3 and start killing. @CAPS6 is killing and whipping ass if I can say it. Then @CAPS1 said "@CAPS5 I'm really tired and really warm." @CAPS6 Then I try to fix the exchange. @CAPS6 I was running the air conditioner and was just lying in bed. Time flies, and it seems like a long time before it ends. We have nothing to do. We are stuck. Then @CAPS1 started telling me jokes. I'm a chess guy and it still makes me laugh. @CAPS6 Sitting on her bed and telling each other some jokes to pass the time. After a while, the joke got old and was now sitting on her bed again. Fall asleep because there is nothing we can do. The music is off, the windows are open, @CAPS6 all you can hear is the cars driving down the street. @CAPS1 Fart nowhere, and it's not girly fart. The sound was loud and smelly. I immediately started laughing. I don't remember why when she got stuck, but then I farted. She started laughing. Her face turned red. @CAPS6 We all started playing farts to remind us of sixth grade. But nothing is more interesting than what's going on in my life. It's @CAPS1's turn to fart, she's more ready than fart. But it's not like any other! She immediately stopped laughing, frowned at me with her poor little face and said, "@CAPS10 I think I just pulled my pants!" I started laughing @CAPS6 Laughing, I started crying. It's that bad. You can smell it. @CAPS6 She started walking towards the bathroom and all I heard was "@CAPS10 I just pulled my fucking pants!!"
It was the first day of ninth grade, that horrible day, and people had to choose how they were to be viewed for the next four years. I walked into my first class looking like a hippie on steroids, a freckled teenager just over six feet tall with nearly 260 pounds of long hair. I'm a giant, which makes it hard for bullies to summon machismo to treat me because I'm a freshman. I took my assigned seat next to a girl I could tell she was overrating herself. Although it made a first impression, I tried friendship. My attempts were met with confusion and disgust. When I turned again to face the front of the class, the teacher was standing there. @PERSON1 announced that our first assignment was to create a presentation to show the rest of the class who we are. I'm excited about the prospect of speaking. I've always been a performer, and I'm a very good friend. I love acting, singing and entertaining. However, my crown jewel is humor. I've found that no matter the number of people, I can engage my audience in a humorous way. With this, I designed a presentation to immerse my class in the reality of who and what I am. I wrote a speech explaining my talents and many things I love. There are many twists and turns of phrases, punchlines, and puns in this talk. The laughter was so loud that other teachers came over to see what was causing it. I bowed and sat in my seat, looking around at the gleaming faces of my new friends. I knew then that laughter was going to be the tool by which I built my high school life. I can make someone forget their troubles for a while, or brighten someone's day with a few words. I am not a star athlete. I'm not even a star student. But I seem to collect friends like flypaper. There is no better feeling than the company of a friend. As long as I have a sense of humor, I'll never be without that feeling.
I met my best friend @PERSON1 in 3rd grade. Best friends are those who come into your life and stay with you for the rest of your life, through the easy times and the hard times. We learn from our best friends and share experiences with each other. Their friendship is always by your side no matter the distance, even if you are thousands of miles or just a few houses apart. The laughter between two best friends is the bond of their life, because when two friends actually laugh together, there is always a little moment in their lives that intertwine. @PERSON1 grew up with me. Together we learn how to skip rope at school, go through broken bones, schoolgirl drama, crushes, boyfriends, heartbreaks, weddings and funerals. We've helped each other through everything from grueling lessons to the death of a family pet. We offered suggestions and brought hot chocolate, but it was only the beginning of our friendship. After the problem is solved, we learn how to laugh at our mistakes and move on. Together, we've gotten over what we call blunders, slipping on the floor. After we giggled at what the other person did or said, we helped them move on. @PERSON1 I know that no matter what happens, we will always be there for each other because we have each other's backs. @PERSON1 can joke about any occasion. She is one of those friends who can make you smile just by seeing her face or hearing her voice. Most of the best moments of my life are usually related to @PERSON1 in some way. We have memories from lying in the driveway watching the stars at night to working backstage at the local theatre club. @PERSON1 can always get me excited with her perfect impersonation of anyone, no matter how bad my mood is. I always accidentally by saying or doing something ridiculous things to make @ PERSON1 excited, I'm really suggesting that the blonde side. We offer our most happy laughing joy of movie lines, and write down the most interesting moment. We shared so many memories together that we laughed about everything from driving around town and listening to music to being followed by kiosk staff at the mall. One of the funniest times we spent together was working backstage during a production at our local theatre club. From building sets to mistakes on stage, we laughed. We had to open and close the curtains in the dark while wearing all black. That week, I stomped on every toe as I rolled the set up and down the stage. From a viewer's perspective, my hair is impossible to miss, even though I keep it tucked under a black ski cap. @PERSON1 There is always a problem with curtains that get stuck when half open. She had to pull on the rope frantically, even though it kept getting stuck on the pulley. I will laugh at her mistakes and she will laugh at mine. We both had a great time watching the audience, director and actors at the same time. @PERSON1 and I have to stand behind and watch all the actors go wrong and smirk silently at each other. Every time an actor makes a mistake, we get to see the laughter of the audience and the face of the director, which is usually frightening. Now, whenever we mention any word or line from the show, we start breaking down and remembering it all weekend. There were more jokes to write about back then, and more funny moments we remembered each time we brought it up. When we're close to each other, a quick glance or a word we murmur can bring us both down. We can even make each other laugh without explaining what we mean because we share so much experience that we can read each other's minds. Just a single key expression or a flash in our eyes can break another person down. Most of the other people around us probably won't even notice the little wrinkle at the corner of our eye or the slight smile. These are the best codes ever, because only the person it's aimed at can figure it out. The information that best friends share through their eyes can silently bring up topics never mentioned and make us laugh. That's why true best friends are linked by laughter, because laughter keeps them close no matter what happens, and in every sad moment, there are two moments of laughter and happiness.
There are many benefits of laughter; happiness, joy, connection with others, adrenaline, help in releasing tension, and the jokes that are thrown around you every day. Laughter is something that can be shared among people, especially when they're at the dump. This mood illuminates and brings enjoyment at all times. Laughter has always been an important part of my life. Laughter from family, friends, boyfriends and strangers has always been important to me. I love being able to look at someone and see that they smile a lot, which means they're probably laughing a lot and they're a happy person. How can I say this. For starters, they have dimples on their cheeks and crow's feet at the corners of their eyes. Really, no matter how old you are, crow's feet can happen from laughing, smiling all the time, and squinting in the sun. The biggest part of laughter that has contributed to my life is building relationships. Usually, when you laugh in a relationship, it lasts longer. The reason the relationship lasts longer is because you can be yourself and show the other person that you can laugh and be a part of their life. I believe laughing is the best part of a relationship. Say your partner is in trouble, are you going to keep them moody all day or try to get them to laugh and cheer up. When I'm in a relationship and my partner is moody, I do my best to cheer them up. I like to make people laugh. When I whine, my boyfriends are helpful and trying to make me feel better, or they just console me to see what's wrong. So, if there is no laughter in your relationship, then obviously there will be no happiness. Therefore, it will not settle between you and the people around you. So spread the joy of life and make people happy. Another laugh in my life is friends. If you don't know me well, let me tell you that I'm shy at first, but once I'm warm to you, you'll find that I'm a very outgoing person. Like most of my friends would say, I'm weird, but I love to laugh and make people laugh. There's always someone who ends up making me laugh when I'm at my friends and in the trash. No matter how sad I am, they always make me laugh at anything because I am an easy entertainer. Being with these people is like watching a comedy movie or show. They are always looking for something fun and annoying. Like hating and doing stupid things that other people would never do because it's embarrassing. Well, just because it's embarrassing doesn't mean you shouldn't at least do it. If you don't, it will give us more work to keep all our attention on ourselves. How do you know if it's fun if you don't want to try something new. How do you want to laugh at yourself and make others laugh with you, no matter how stupid it is. So don't knock it until you try it. Someone who once said "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". Is it real or fake? Is this really the shortest distance or the longest distance? Honestly, I believe that could be a short distance. You don't want to be arrogant or grumpy all the time, or you'll never make friends or have any relationships. Who will make you laugh and enjoy yourself if you don't have friends or any relationships. How would you experience the joys of life and everything around you if you were not a happy person. You won't, so put a smile on your face and be a spontaneous person who is not afraid. Laughter is good for all human beings. The laughter in my life shows me a lot and it brings a lot of enjoyment to me and others. Those things that have been explored are having my boyfriend, friends, and family by my side all the time. Its a mood, definitely one that brightens up every day and brings a happy look to everyone. Share the laughter.
Laughter is the best way to bring people closer together. It creates a connection that makes you feel more comfortable and secure. Without laughter, life would be sad and depressing. Everyone has a different type of laughter, some loud, quiet, weird or funny. But our laughter makes us. The process of laughter has many effects. Your laughter can have such a powerful effect on your body that it can make your eyes a little watery. Sometimes when you laugh, it also becomes harder to breathe and your stomach may start to hurt. When things are really funny, it's usually hard for me to catch my breath because I can't stop laughing. This is one of the effects that happens to me when I laugh. Everyone knows that when someone thinks something funny, they laugh. We can laugh at a movie, a joke, or even a simple mistake. My family always makes me laugh. Always have a good laugh when we get together. A joke my cousin told was that my auntie baby was so white it looked like it came out of la lechera. Lechera is a @CAPS1 word. Another thing that makes me laugh is when I go to my cousin's house. We were watching a movie and I had to go to the bathroom so I went and when I came out she jumped out of the corner and freaked me out. I screamed so loudly that my other cousin shouted from the stairs to be quiet. I couldn't help laughing, I was terrified, but it was funny because she freaked me out, I never thought she would do that. I think laughter is a gift. It can always brighten up our day. I love to laugh and have so many unforgettable moments that I almost pissed my pants. I think the person with the best character is the one who can make others laugh.
A @CAPS1 Laughter @CAPS2 What do you think when you hear a kid laugh? Do you think peace and happiness or what do you think? @CAPS2 I heard a kid laugh and I thought of my little sister. @CAPS2 Playing with Peter Pan outside or playing with dolls inside, she lights up like a light and I can see her joy. It's not just the laughter of my sisters that brings me joy, but everyone! I do think @CAPS1's laugh is the most unique! @CAPS2 You hear the laughter of your child, niece, nephew or grandson, you should hear the joy there. Laughing changes @CAPS2 You get older. I remember hearing my sisters and brothers laugh at the simplest things @CAPS2 when they were young. But now they never do, now they laugh at disgusting and disgusting jokes, they laugh @CAPS2 someone is being made fun of. But that's not my case. I'm the guy laughing @CAPS2, someone did something similar in the funniest home video in America. But a kid laughs @CAPS2 you made a funny face or @CAPS2 an animal did something funny. They laugh at the smallest things. To me, a smile is just a silent laugh. I remember hearing the phrase "a smile is worth a thousand words" and I think that applies to laughter too! Even though there was no voice in the smile, there was a voice on the man waiting to be heard! I know @CAPS2 I was abused when I was young, so @CAPS2 a good thing once happened, it almost never happened, but I had a big smile on my face and then someone would do something funny, I'll try Not laughing, but I only lasted for @NUM1 seconds and then I would start laughing and I would start crying! There was a certain time that was the highlight of my life. One day I was just hanging out with my sister Linda and we were playing with dolls. My dad happened to walk in and accidentally stepped on one of the dolls. Linda started crying because her arm was broken. But @CAPS2 she started crying and my dad started jumping on one foot and grabbing the other and he fell on his ass. I had a great laugh that afternoon! Then later that day he took me and Linda to the store to buy a new doll each! Once again @MONTH1 I say @CAPS1's laughter is the most beautiful thing on earth! Just for some reason it heals the soul! You @MONTH1 start off a bad day, then you can go home at the end of the day, walk into your house and make your kids laugh. Then your day will suddenly get better! I wish I was a kid again so I could rewind and make things a lot better than when @CAPS2 was a kid! I was in a terrible situation at first, but now I'm a bright, bright young lady! Every laugh is unique because everyone is different. Just because you get older doesn't mean your laughter gets older. But every laughter changes somehow, I'm not sure how, but it happens with age! You laugh at different things, you don't laugh as much as you used to!
Boy also said @CAPS2: @CAPS1 weighs in? , @CAPS2: what? Boy: @CAPS3 I just wanted to say something to break the ice! Laughter is also the best in any relationship, such as family, friends, and romantic types. It puts a huge bond on each other and makes the relationship interesting. It was @DATE1 and I was on the way too, long time no see friends for a twisted tour. We weren't at our best due to an issue we had a few months ago. I want to take my friend @CAPS4 to the concert she wants to go all year. When we finally picked her up, there were all kinds of tense words between each other, but I'm not going to wait any longer to wash, @CAPS5 Then I couldn't help but think of some fun things I could do to make her laugh. The car slid into the car wash like a turtle. I opened the crack in the window and there was enough water to crawl in. We were kind of talking about the concert and I didn't seem to know that my windows were open, I was actually too unaware that much more water was coming in than I expected. She looked at me like she was laughing so hard she couldn't even see what was going on. I looked at her like what? She's your window open, I turned around and found the water was rushing down, kind of startled me, I jumped into the air and rushed too close. She smiled like there was no tomorrow, and so did I. From that moment on, it was an icebreaker for all the tensions that were going on. The elephants have left or gone and we had a great day. Look, sure enough, "laughing is the shortest distance between two people". No one is truly sad or crazy or anything else when the laughter happens. Laughter can bring good greetings to people who have just met, it can also bring couples closer, and bring joy and happiness to friends and family. Laughter really is the key to happiness.
Laughter is one of the most powerless things in life. Even from a simple joke to the unbelievable, make exciting events in time to share a family member's history. This can help you through tough times, or just make someone better off and put a smile on their face, or give them a joke, say it to someone else, and keep them going in a litany of laughter. Sometimes it can be the most embarrassing thing people remember about you, but at the end the person who laughed at you for being indecent probably did something like this for a long time, so they ended up laughing at themselves without even realizing it. I remember that on my fifteenth birthday, my grandma took the Dong family to a Chinese restaurant for dinner. It's quiet here except for the adults discussing what they should order from a family dinner. I was sitting next to my sister looking at the menu just to see what they had to drink, well, her mind was on something else because all you heard was "they don't have fried chicken". Even the waitress son, who was standing behind the two and his mother, laughed. It makes every day a better day because it wasn't the best day at the time. But you can tell she's embarrassed, but she laughs at herself for her comment to the table "I thought I said it in my head" and I look here and say "no you didn't" so she just shrugged. To this day, when we go to a Chinese restaurant, my mom looks at this and "says they have your fried chicken" so she looks at this and "says it's gonna die" we all look at this and say "not passed on to you" children, they'll be here about mother's chicken day." It doesn't go away when she wakes up, but it still makes everyone else laugh, which is too bad. Even though this was a long time ago, the parents joked that it was going to be her wedding toast it was kind of like this "as long as you give her her chicken you @CAPS1 will live forever" not the best comment about the day , but still fun for the rest of us. This will linger in the family for years to come and hopefully will be passed down for generations to come. Even if she didn't want it just in time to think about what we told everyone about the event she would tell them about herself and laugh at it because it was just such a bizarre thing. We still pick on her and many other things she says out loud without noticing that she said it. But these are stories from another era, and you never know what to expect. Just remember to laugh that the things they say about your health are true, so get through the worst days possible. So if you don't have a good day, you never know what's going to make you smile and laugh, even if you're the one who makes everyone laugh. So just think of something that makes you laugh, tell someone special in your life, make them laugh, and make life there a little better than most. Even if it's one of the most embarrassing events to happen to you in your life. When we were all young, even when you grew up, crying always healed some of the worst things about yourself, don't let others put you down.
I think laughter is a key factor in any lasting relationship because if you don't have it, it's going to be a boring relationship. Let me share with you a personal story of my own. I just recently started dating my boyfriend, his name is @CAPS1. We first met at school, then he moved away, he added me on Facebook a few months ago, and we started chatting again. He had a girlfriend when we started talking, but soon after finding me again he realized she wasn't right for him anymore. It was tough for him that he broke up with her but he did it and I'm so proud of him because she treated him so badly. At the beginning of our relationship, we were both very shy and didn't talk much, but the more we hung out, the more we started talking. We want to be the kind of couple who can talk about anything in person as in text. Every time I see him, I get so nervous, it almost seems like my heart skips a beat. Whenever we walk down the street, I can't help but smile. I couldn't help laughing when he tickled me as we lay on the hut and watched a movie. We laughed at each other all the time, whether one of us made a mistake or not. I believe that laughter and the way we get along is what makes us strong. Every time he leaves I can't wait to see him again. Laughter is what keeps most relationships going because without it I feel like it's going to be a real boredom and if it's boring then you don't want to spend time with each other. Personally, I believe that every moment with your significant other should be used to the fullest.
Everyone in life has siblings who grew up with them and love them unconditionally, but for some of us, we don't know our siblings until later in life. I'm one of them myself, but slightly different from the others. I have a guy I like to call @PERSON1 who is actually my biological father. Until I was seven, I thought my dad @PERSON2 was my quote from "real dad", but one night I heard my mom yelling at someone on the phone on the stairs. My mom yelled at this unknown figure for raising the child and handing over his rights to my dad. I don't know who she's talking about is me, in fact the person on the other line @DATE1 is my biological father. The moment I heard your son deserves better than this, I ran upstairs to my room and started crying because I thought @PERSON2 was my dad but now this new person in my life claims to be. My mom heard me running up the stairs to tell me the story of what really happened. It turns out that my biological father had the rights to my surname and unless he transferred those signatures to my father, my mom would take him to court and force him to pay the thousands of dollars in child support he owed her. In this little story she unveiled, I learned that I have other siblings in the world. For the next eight years, I would spend countless hours rummaging through old phone numbers and email addresses, trying to find my other siblings. It wasn't until my freshman year that I met a guy in my grade named @PERSON3. He quickly became one of my best friends and we hang out @DATE1 every once in a while. One time he was playing video games with me at my house and he stumbled upon a question about my last name. I thought this was a weird question, but on @DATE1 I told him. Suddenly, with a smile on his face, he asked me if I had a biological father named @CAPS1. My mind began to tremble at this sudden question. @PERSON3 started explaining to me that he is the half-brother of my sister @CAPS2 and she is one of the siblings I have been looking for. Almost before I @CAPS3 wanted to ask how to ask this; he called my sister and explained to her that he found her brother. It turns out that she was looking for me as hard as I was looking for her. @PERSON3 asked her if she wanted to see me and I heard my sister screaming on the phone and saying yes. I'm overjoyed just thinking about it, but I don't know how embarrassing it will be to finally see her on the next @DATE1. On @DATE1 when I met my sister, @CAPS4 Mom came to pick me up and take me to her house. So many thoughts were racing through my head as we drove and I thought I was going to throw up in the car. When we finally got to her home, @PERSON4, she was @CAPS4's mom, urging me to get out of the car and into the house, and I realized my sister looked almost as nervous as I was sitting on the couch and looked as nervous as I did. For the next four long tortured hours, my sister and I played with each other @NUM1 questions to get to know each other. After doing this, we were more comfortable with each other and she seemed more accepting that I was really her brother. By @DATE1 we tell jokes and laugh hysterically. We realized we even had the same nasty laugh (which everyone hates) and it made us laugh out loud. At one point her mom had to tell us to be quiet because if we didn't we'd wake up the baby and we were so close to each other before @DATE1 on @DATE1 she even gave me a Hug before leaving. The laughter from @CAPS2 and my first meeting is most closely related to the laughter from @DATE1 to now; we giggled every time we met. Because we found each other, or in my case, her brother found me; I go to her house every other weekend. My sister is one of the most precious people in my life and that will never change because nothing we say or do can stop us from laughing and joying each other.
We couldn't control ourselves, we had tears in our eyes, and we couldn't move from stomach pains. I choked on my words while talking to my best friend @PERSON1. Every time we talked to each other, someone said something we thought was funny and we started laughing. When I look back at the things we talked about, most of what we said didn't make any sense at all, and I don't know why we laughed so hard. Said some really funny things at our bus stop @PERSON1 the other day and we laughed until the bus came. Than I said something funny and we laughed the whole bus to school. This happens to us almost every day. On this special day, even when we got to the classroom, we couldn't help but laugh. Our @CAPS2 grade teacher has a lot of pets in her classroom, one of her pets is a tree frog named @CAPS1. That week was @PERSON1 and I took care of him. @PERSON1 grabbed him and made him dance in the cage as we went to feed him. We all thought it was the funniest thing ever. Tears began to flow in our eyes, and we were speechless as we sat in our seats for class. We laughed at the teacher's guidance, while we were doing our classwork. Eventually our teacher had to come up to us and tell us to be quiet. That didn't stop us from laughing. We tried and tried to stay calm and do our jobs, but we just couldn't stop. A lot of people in our class were chatty on this day, but no one laughed as hard as @LOCATION1 and I did. We were so loud, I thought people in our next class would definitely hear us. It's not just us that are loud, the whole class is loud. Our teacher stood in front of the class and yelled at us to be quiet, but that didn't stop us. In fact, it made @LOCATION1 laugh even harder. I thought I was going to pee my pants and I laughed so hard. Now @PERSON1 and I are not the kind of girl to keep quiet about things. We're the kind of girls who laugh really loud, our eyes are watering, and our ab muscles are hurting us for the rest of the day. Our teacher wanted the class to be quiet, so she stood at the front of the class while we did the math. She told us to put down the pencils, push in the chairs and stand behind them, so we did. Then she told us to take a deep breath and we did. Next, she told us to exhale as hard as the cold. In the end, we should do this five times, then go back to our chairs and do the math in silence, not talking to anyone. When @PERSON1 and I took five deep breaths, we did them in a very fast and very short time to complete them. We thought it was fun to see the rest of our classmates as well. The class started laughing and the teacher didn't know what to do, so she told us that if we didn't follow the rules, we all had to take recess. Eventually, the class settled down and started working there quietly. Except @PERSON1 and me. We kept laughing until the school bell rang. We got on the bus and started talking about how happy we were that day and how funny it was when we were breathing really fast and not as slow as we thought. Even to this day, every time a teacher or someone tells us to take a deep breath for something @PERSON1 I look at everyone and start laughing and then we breathe really fast. Now that we are sophomores in high school, we still have our uncontrollable laughs for no apparent reason. I think it's just part of being best friends with someone. Sometimes we even laugh all day, like our day in @CAPS2 grade. Through our friendship, we have learned to be much quieter when we breathe and when we laugh in class or at other important things. I believe @PERSON1 and I will always be best friends and laugh together whether in class, on the bus, while driving, in college, or on the phone. Laughter is something that everyone needs to experience in their lives. Not giggling or laughing, but it's really hard to laugh if you can't control yourself and your eyes are watering and your stomach hurts badly like @PERSON1 and I did in @CAPS2 grade.
It all started @DATE1 after school when my girlfriend and I decided to make a plan to visit my house. We didn't plan to walk home, we missed the bus. @CAPS6 We started down the ramp from high school. We were hungry when we walked. @CAPS6 We went to @ORGANIZATION1. We ordered @CAPS1 and some drinks. @PERSON1 decided to shake my soda @CAPS13 to give it to me. I don't know what's wrong @CAPS6 I asked, "@CAPS2 you shake my soda?" @CAPS3 said, "@CAPS4 I @CAPS2 this is mine, let's trade." I @CAPS2 and finally opened @ The one that really shakes the CAPS3. "That's a little cunning!" I said. @CAPS6 I tripped over some goat heads when I got up and chased after her and the poor soda on her. When I was in pain, @PERSON1 laughed and @CAPS13 said, "@CAPS5 @CAPS6 idiot, fell on the stump!" @CAPS6 I got up from the ground and pulled out all the thorns, @CAPS13 continued on go home. We were more than halfway through my house when @PERSON1 decided to hit my shin and run away. Certainly not the first lesson learned, I chased after her. I chased her for about a block and a half. Basically by my yard, @CAPS13 fell into a puddle before I slid into the mud. When @PERSON1 laughed so hard I thought I'd let it go. In @CAPS14, I jumped up and tried to put her face in. @CAPS3 ended up running into my house and locked the door. I know the reason @CAPS3 @CAPS2 locked it is because I ran @CAPS6 to quickly break in. Before I @CAPS2 I turned the knob and it didn't turn on. Instead, the impact forced me to fly back and land on the poo. The bad thing is that it's fresh, why, because my back is warm somewhere. I quickly took off my shirt and threw it away, and @CAPS13 rushed in to take a shower. @PERSON1 asked why I was taking a shower, but I decided to lie to her. @CAPS12 I tell her what really happened, @CAPS13 @CAPS3 will laugh at me. After the shower, I asked @PERSON1, "@CAPS7, do you want some glass bottles in the back?" @CAPS3 replied: "@CAPS9 I'm disappointed, let's go!" @CAPS6 I set up six bottles and Ready to shoot. First @PERSON1 tried and hit four out of six. As a girl, this is already pretty good. @CAPS6 I went for four bottles of @CAPS3 lenses. When I was doing @CAPS6 @CAPS3 I shot my ass. "@CAPS11!" I yelled and wanted to cry, but I didn't. The only thing I do @CAPS2 is to swear like @CAPS14 and put my gun on @PERSON1 to get her back. @CAPS3 quickly ran upstairs to grab my @NUM1. @CAPS3 said in a horrified voice: "@CAPS12 Get a little closer and I'll throw it out the window!" @CAPS13 I said to her, "@CAPS14 You won't, you know how much I paid for it! " @CAPS15 My luck shot her in the leg. Well, it turns out @CAPS3 didn't lie and threw it out the window. But that's ok because I can buy another one. @DATE1 and @PERSON1 are great, but @CAPS3 laughs at me most of the time. I don't care, as long as she's happy. I really @CAPS7 love to make her smile. I was miserable that day and lost a pooped shirt. All was well and it will be a fond memory as we look back on the day.
I can only die laughing. someone said. I swept the area. "@CAPS37?" I said. "@CAPS1 son." I looked at the stairs from @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 Boulevard. There is the sound of my grazing. @CAPS35 Just a possibly homeless old man from the looks of him. He was wearing shoes, dirty blue jeans, and a mature shirt under a tattered jacket. "@CAPS3, @CAPS31 @CAPS33 is a bit lost," the old man said. "@CAPS4, I'm lost @CAPS73" @PERSON1 said. His pockets began to vibrate. @PERSON1 reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone. He opens @CAPS35 and reads: @CAPS31 coming soon? Tommy input: your bro go to @CAPS2 ave now. Message has been sent. @PERSON1 starts climbing the steps. "@CAPS5 @CAPS31 old man later" @PERSON1 said as he rushed to meet his friend. @PERSON1 saw his friends on the @CAPS62 site all standing outside @CAPS6 @CAPS7 bakery. "@CAPS3, guys @PERSON1 from @CAPS33 @CAPS35!" @CAPS34 @PERSON2. @PERSON2 is running at @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 stepped on her @CAPS1 and spun her around, then put her on @CAPS66 @CAPS19. @CAPS62 Continue to the group. "@CAPS37 took @CAPS31 so long dude" @CAPS9 @CAPS10 said. @CAPS11, @CAPS63 My shortcut of choice turned out to be, @CAPS73 shortened, @PERSON1 replied. "@CAPS12 don't mind him, he's just in a bad mood" @CAPS13 said. "@CAPS14" replies to @CAPS9 @CAPS10. "@CAPS3 guys can we go to the toy store at @CAPS18 @CAPS19!!" asked @PERSON2. "@CAPS20 great" reply to @CAPS13 @CAPS22. The group continues on @CAPS19 @CAPS2 Avenue @CAPS24 turns right onto @ORGANIZATION1 Street, @CAPS24 turns right onto @CAPS25 Avenue. This store is half way @CAPS19 in the middle of other boutiques. "@CAPS26 is coming," @PERSON2 said excitedly, turning around. "@CAPS24 let's go in" @CAPS9 @CAPS10 said. "@CAPS30 Old Goblin!" @PERSON2 said. "shh mu haha ha " @CAPS31 was told to say @CAPS13. "@CAPS32" he complained. Once in the store @CAPS35 like somone turning @CAPS9, @CAPS9 lights up. @CAPS73 That's it, but the store is full of @CAPS38 but toys from top to bottom. Toys from small to big to big. There are various types. "@CAPS33" @CAPS34 @PERSON2. "@CAPS35 is the @CAPS43 rabbit!" "@CAPS35 will choke @CAPS31 in your sleep" "@CAPS37 is eating @CAPS31?" @PERSON1 said. "@CAPS38" complains about @CAPS9 @CAPS10. wack! The rabbit is connected to the face of @CAPS9 @CAPS10. "@CAPS43 meenie" "@CAPS44, @CAPS35" He took a lion off a shelf and threw @CAPS35 to @LOCATION2. "@CAPS3, don't be mean to her!" said @CAPS13, who imagined @CAPS1 as a monster throwing @CAPS35 on @CAPS9 @CAPS10. @CAPS35 misses and hits @PERSON1. @PERSON1 pitches @CAPS35 @CAPS66 to @CAPS9 @CAPS10. "That's @CAPS35" I @CAPS9 @CAPS10 challenge @CAPS31. smack. "@CAPS52" @CAPS53 this. @CAPS53 That one. @CAPS54 @CAPS54 @CAPS31 scumbag. @CAPS31 can't get me. Wow! Haha I'm so arrogant. TWACK! "@CAPS55" @CAPS34 Either. @CAPS62 @CAPS56. "@CAPS31 kid in trouble with @CAPS43!" yelled the owner. "@CAPS31 better put all these toys @CAPS66 where @CAPS62 is," he warned. "@CAPS59! I think we're kind of stuck" @CAPS13 said. "A little bit!! My toy store is a mess! Start cleaning now" "@CAPS61" @CAPS62 all sighed. "@CAPS63 is so cool" siad @CAPS9 @CAPS10. "@CAPS66 is from an asteroid, are we?" teases @PERSON1. "@CAPS67 i @CAPS20 am" reply to @CAPS9 @CAPS10. "Yeah, that's fun," @CAPS13 said. "@CAPS71 @CAPS35 Yes!!" Reply to @PERSON2. "We all look stupid," @CAPS13 said blushing. "@CAPS67 but how many people can say @CAPS62 had a toy war at the toy store" @PERSON1 replied. "I guess @CAPS73 a lot!" "@CAPS74 says it's cleaner, cleaner, cleaner!" @CAPS34 owner. "Yes sir" @PERSON2 addressed the owner. "@CAPS76 @CAPS31..." "@CAPS77" The group of kids laughed.
I tend to get myself and the people I love into awkward situations all the time, but that's life, right? When you were a kid, you tended to be dramatic about every little thing, and for those who love you @DATE1, @DATE1 is trying to teach you something @DATE1 or guide you the right way. Or maybe that's just me, haha? I moved out of my father with a bang. I want to live on my own terms, and that just pushes away the people I need most. I realize this is a little too late. But, that's life, right? Just on @DATE1, I finally "rekindled the flames" with my dad again. It was the hardest thing to do considering my stepmother hated me. @DATE1 This obviously never changes. So it's just something I have to deal with. My dad @DATE1 My relationship was still the most awkward until we went fishing together about a few months ago. Standing there, leaving everything behind, nothing to say. We all consider ourselves pretty humorous people, but even our jokes haven't broken the ice. We finally started talking @DATE1 and he started telling me the first time I went to @DATE1 as a kid to visit my mom and then went back to my grandmother @DATE1 saying she was a... bad word... but I won't say which One. My dad has never scolded me by my side before, and I think it's about time you left. All these stories he told me were interesting, @DATE1 the way he explained them. It brought quite a good laugh to both of us. @DATE1 really brings us together again.
Have you ever laughed until you couldn't really breathe or started crying? Well, I can tell you that I do it all the time and laughter is a big part of my life. I remember one day my family and I all went out to dinner. My grandpa wanted to go to @LOCATION1 for Chinese food, so my mom, brother, my grandma, grandpa, my friend @CAPS1 and I all went out for Chinese food @CAPS2. That ngith was unforgettable because it was the night our whole table laughed at @CAPS1 and me. When @CAPS1 and I finished our food, the waiter brought us our appetizers and that's when the tears and laughter came. It's only been ten minutes with @CAPS1 about this boy she likes, and I can't help laughing so loud, so hard, when she says my name with my crab puff. As @CAPS1 and I sat there laughing at what just happened, I saw @CAPS1 couldn't really open her mouth because she laughed so hard and her cheeks hurt from laughing and she ended up drooling The little sauce bowl was where soy sauce was made, and when I saw I was new, I couldn't help but not tell her at all. The night was over when @CAPS1 poured her water on the waiter son. I had to apologize to the waiter and her son that night. Her son said it was okay because it happened to him all the time. Laughter is an important part of people's lives because it can make you happy, bring smiles to people, and create memories.
This is my second visit to @ORGANIZATION1 and I can't wait to get on all the rides. The line was long, but I was with some family members I hadn't seen in a while, so we chatted. The uncle we were with was constantly teasing the kids and embarrassing me. He gave me a wedding dress, put his kid's diaper under my pillow, and more crazy tricks. I knew this trip wouldn't be any different, so I tried to avoid any of his plans. @CAPS1 It's going to be a pretty warm day today, so I put on some basketball shorts and a T-shirt. We set out with five kids under @NUM1 so I knew we would be on some smaller rides. After we continued "@CAPS1's a small @ORGANIZATION1", we decided it was time for @CAPS1 to go to the bigger rides, but we needed some lunch first. We went to a burger joint and waited to get our food, so my uncle and I decided to have a spit ball fight. We shot across the island from table to table, trying to dodge passers-by. I punched him twice in the cheek, so he told me I won. When we left after dinner, he told me, "@CAPS2 see who can hold your penis on top of the head the longest". I didn't expect @CAPS1 to say "it's easy!" to pick up my brother. Little did I know it was a big mistake. He walked over and trotted me in the middle of the sidewalk. I was standing there with a child on top of my head, pants down to my ankles. The people sitting at the table watched it all happen, with eyes and laughter. I'm so embarrassed, how could I be foolish enough to fall for his tricks. I can't believe I'm in love with @CAPS1 again. @CAPS1 Happened so fast I didn't know what to do, then chuckled inside. After that, we decided to head to Space Mountain for a fast pass. They allow you to not have to wait in line and go to the front, but they can only be used at certain times. We had to wait about twenty minutes and it was raining @CAPS1. So we don our blue @ORGANIZATION2 capes and the kids are playing with tags. My brothers are those loud crazy kids who are always full of energy and keep running. They would chase me all the way, hit me from behind, and run away. After about the fifth time, I couldn't take @CAPS1 anymore, so I told them if they hit me again, they'd be countered. About two minutes later, I got hit in the back again, so I turned around and walked up to a kid in a blue poncho and hit him in the back of the head. Little did I know that I just hit a random kid in the back of the head. I was horrified when the kid looked up at me and wondered blankly what had just happened. When my uncle and parents apologized for what I did, I was so embarrassed that I ran behind a tree and hid. Even though my family was embarrassed by what I did, they laughed hysterically inside at the same time. I didn't know that kid wasn't my brother, I can only imagine how that kid felt.
Laughter is part of my life. When I laugh, I always have this feeling of joy and connection with others. Laughter makes any relationship stronger. I remember when I was sad I would go and talk to my friend @PERSON2. I went to him so we could talk about why I feel this way. And then after a while, we'd laugh -- have fun. Laughter brings me closer to my friends. We can understand each other. We have been friends since elementary school. Because of the laughter in our relationship and the memories of the days we laughed, it kept the relationship going. I'm mad at my friend and he's mad at me. But because of all those good times, we all laughed. We are still good friends. This is a time of laughter in a friend relationship of mine. @PERSON2, @PERSON1 and my home at @ORGANIZATION1. This is a @DATE1. We talked about things while listening to music. We didn't do much that day. Except what they're going to do. Out of nowhere @PERSON2's little nephew dances and laughs. @PERSON1 got up and did the same. @PERSON2 then got up too - something I didn't expect to happen. They choose a song and dance to it. We had a lot of fun the entire time this was happening. They all look funny when they dance. After a while @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 got tired. But we keep laughing because @PERSON2's nephew keeps dancing. On @DATE1, they danced to the song a few more times. Last time was still funny to me because it was the first time they did it. Laughter has connected my friendships many times. Still, this is the one I remember the most because it was fun. I remember it like it was last week. Being happy in a relationship can make it last a long time. That's why I think laughter is important, it really makes any relationship stronger. I have this story to prove it.
Middle school is a challenging environment. Children make rapid progress not only in academic settings, but also in mature social settings. The rapidly growing need for social dominance and, in turn, the inflated ego makes bullying a breeding ground. Without the skill to laugh it off, I'd worry about anyone's mental health in that environment. During my first @NUM1 year of junior high school, I struggled with the social discomfort of my classmates who were higher up in the social chain, which took a toll not only on my self-esteem, but also my studies. The pressure of my own social status plummeted my grades, continuing a cycle that led to even more stress. The whole situation seemed hopeless and depressing. I can't believe how grim my outlook has become in just over a decade of life. I wonder how I will spend the rest of the school year. Every day I enjoy hearing all kinds of new insults made up by people of higher social status to try to complement their growing self-esteem and inflated self-esteem; @CAPS1 Sometimes even people I used to think were my friends join theirs ranks. With the exception of a few trusted partners, it seems the whole world is pushing itself forward by bashing me with all sorts of new insults. Being teased every day continued until I realized something; this kind of laughter was the key to social survival. I couldn't get through those school years without laughter. After this revelation, I was able to laugh at what was said to me and at myself. I was able to take dissonance and learn from it, using it as criticism to improve myself. Through the laughter and their harsh words, I was able to secure my place in the social program, improve my intelligence, make new and better friends, and make peace with others, all while maintaining the hurt I experienced before. "Popular" without having to make fun of people like me; @CAPS2 is a win-win situation. Laughter is key in any situation, whether it's talking to a friend or going through the pent-up frustration of an immature teenager. I learned a good lesson from the laughter, and I hope everyone hasn't learned what they should. I don't know how anyone can live a successful and happy life without the lessons of laughter.
They say laughter is their best medicine. So to tell you the truth about that qoate, I'll tell you a real story about laughter and how it became a drug. I have come to realize that I believe it myself. I'll also explain its key elements in parts of the world. So, to start, I'm going to tell you a laugh-filled story that fixed some eds between my grandfather @CAPS1 and my cousin @PERSON1. First, it happened sometime during @DATE1. We all had a great time. There are my cousins @PERSON2, @PERSON4 and his younger brothers @PERSON3, @PERSON1 and me. So @PERSON2, @PERSON4 and I mind playing a business game while our grandpa is watching us play and then we're out of here is a loud slap and then cries and screams. So it turns out that @PERSON1 "slipped" and punched @PERSON3 who was only seven years old. Then our grandpa started yelling and trying to figure out what was going on. Grandpa really relaxed after seeing a big red handprint on @PERSON3's back, just started ballistic on @PERSON1, but then @PERSON1 all skied home. So then @PERSON1 came back and grandpa and I sat at the table talking to him. That's when I mentioned something that made everyone laugh so hard that they all forgot what happened and he apologized to @PERSON3 and we were all happy when grandma came home from get off work. So to end my story, I want to remind you why laughter is an element, or if it plays a role in a true story in my life. So thanks for listening, when you or someone is in trouble or just very angry, laughter is the medicine for the job.
I've heard people say that a smile makes a big difference when meeting someone for the first time, in a relationship, or just walking down the street. If anyone has had a bad @CAPS2, not only a smile can make it better, but there should be some laughter to accompany that sincere smile. I love walking the pretty, beautiful @CAPS2 streets and walking with the locals I know will smile, laugh and wave to show that they enjoy @CAPS2 as much as I do. Walking past people I @MONTH1 don't know has its positives too. One look at their faces can tell me if they have a good @CAPS2 or a bad @CAPS2. Either way, I will smile. A smile to show it's a good @CAPS2, or an encouraging smile to let them know it can get better. I'm enjoying @CAPS12 I've met someone and I know we're well connected. A good first impression is very important to me because it can determine where a friendship goes and how long it lasts. I know now that I love being around people like me who love to smile and laugh. I can't really seem to see myself around a serious person and I know if I were we would conflict and have problems because I was loud and if they were serious there would be problems and couldn't make decisions cooperate. @CAPS12 The first time I met my friend @CAPS1 I was nervous and scared because we were set up on a blind date by a mutual friend. This is a double date with our friend and cousin from @CAPS2 from @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS12 These guys picked us first and I got in the car and the first thing I remember is seeing the big smile on this guy's face. When we started talking, I ended up getting more nervous and started stammering. As the date went on, he seemed to be a down-to-earth guy, with a smile that seemed to always be on his face, and laughter that seemed to flow from him. Over time, we've gotten closer than I thought. I didn't know where our friendship would lead us, but it wasn't long before it became obvious that he liked me and I liked him. We take our time and don't rush things. We had long conversations that would last for hours at a time, and we always seemed to have a good laugh at everything. Every time we talk, he makes everything look better and better. Almost the same personality, always smiling and laughing helps us connect instantly. Just the other night, our mutual friends @CAPS1 and @CAPS4 came to visit my cousin @PERSON1 and my house. We are all laughing and enjoying each other's company @CAPS12 @CAPS4 and @PERSON1 decided to go to the store and buy something with @CAPS1's car. Since they won't be away for long, @CAPS1 and I decided to wait inside. When we sat down to talk to each other a few minutes later, @CAPS4 and @PERSON1 ran into the house flushed, panting, scared and nervous. @CAPS4 won't look at us so @PERSON1 let us out, car accident. As we stood there, I realized that the car wasn't visible in the driveway, so I started to wonder. We asked them where the car was, they pointed to the road, and in the dark we could only see the faint outline of a car in the ditch. I thought @CAPS1 was going to get angry and say something to @CAPS4, who didn't seem to know what to say, but he smiled, walked up to the car and said, "@CAPS11 don't worry, the car is fine." @CAPS12 He said, He started laughing, his laughter was amazing. I'm still in a state of shock so @CAPS12 I heard him laugh and I turned to look at him and realised he was happy and didn't seem to mind the accident and I started laughing too and less @NUM1 seconds before he started laughing, not only were the four of us laughing, but two of my cousins joined us outside. Laughter makes things better and I'm glad we can all laugh for the smallest, the unexpected, the worst and the best. It also pleased me that the same night after the incident, @CAPS1 asked me a question I wish I had heard, and he said it in a way that made me laugh and then made him laugh. I answered his question with a hug and he brought a rose banquet. As we walked in, my cousins and aunt started clapping and we all started laughing and laughing.
Most people think that laughing helps you live longer, love longer, and show who you really are. I believe all of this is true, laughing is one of the most important things a person can do. In my life, laughter has helped me get out of the most difficult situations and made them better. You can laugh with friends, family, or people you barely know. Laughing can repair a relationship and help you get anything, I've found it many times in my life. My mom and myself don't always have the best relationship, we don't always get along well, and because I have a severe separation from her anxiety we spend a lot of time together, which may be due to Too much together can cause friction. There was a time when we just had a fight because I wanted to go somewhere and she wouldn't let me fight, and I thought she was going to fuck me for being rude for a while. We didn't speak for hours and tried to stay away from each other, only talking to each other when it really mattered. A few days later I walked into her room and talked to her about it all and when we talked I understood why she was so angry with me I apologized to her and left her room but I could still feel that there was something about us tension between. I want to make things better, not anything I want, and I'm not sure if she's ready to overcome this struggle, so I think it's best to give her some space to be ready when she comes to me Good to talk. We both tried to spend the rest of the day away from each other, trying to calm down and really think about what we were really angry about. The next day, we went to the city to do some errands, go grocery shopping, and visit family. We didn't really talk much or anything at first. Within an hour of us leaving the house and being alone, we joked with each other and laughed at everything each other said. We went out to lunch after work and it was the most fun time my mom and I had together, we talked about everything, laughed and had a great time. The days after that were great too, we spent a lot of time together and it felt like we didn't want to leave each other, I knew it really helped to laugh and talk together, and we opened up to each other in a way we never had before. I love my mother and care for her more than anyone in the world and when we got into that battle, I was afraid the relationship would never be the same again and we were able to solve it by laughing. Honestly, I think laughter can heal anything from a broken heart to a broken family.
Laughter is important in many ways. It can help you resolve arguments with friends, improve your health, and help in awkward situations. All relationships need a little laughter to lighten the mood. If we didn't have it, everything would have been taken seriously and there would have been more disputes. An example where laughter helps is when my best friend @PERSON1 and I had a big fight over someone spilling paint on a pair of shorts she owns. We all blame each other, and the more that happens, the worse the whole fight gets. I remember during the fight, @PERSON1 made a face that somehow made me laugh. Once I laughed, I knew she wasn't amused. She started to question why I was laughing. So I explained to her why I was laughing all the time and she ran into the bathroom and looked in the mirror and made the same face I was smiling all the time. To my surprise, she also started laughing. After ten minutes of laughing, I made a joke about the paint on her shorts and we decided to splash them with paint for a rather "unique" look. Needless to say, laughter saves us from getting into bigger arguments. When people are angry or upset, their bodies may not feel well. They @MONTH1 get mad for days, which in turn causes them physical pain. I know that if I'm angry long enough, I'll succumb to a headache, and ironically, I'll be more angry with the people around me because my head hurts and they make it worse. Laughing is one way for @CAPS1. Not necessarily carefree, but learning to let go and live. Laughter can greatly affect physical health. and mental health. Everyone needs to laugh to stay awake. Learning not to sweat the little things is really important. My favorite thing to hear is "let go and laugh". @CAPS1 Solving problems with a smile is the best way to solve them. I've also noticed that the overall feeling is better when you laugh more. You have more energy, but that usually comes from the endorphins you get when you laugh like crazy. But it also lightens your mood when you're with other people. All people need to laugh. Married couples, students, teachers and best friends. Laughter can bring people together. Finally, laughter can benefit you in many ways. It can help tackle hatred, lighten emotions, and have a good effect on your physical and mental health. The best thing to always remember is to let go and laugh.
@CAPS28 More fun than going to a friend's house after church. After a rough message to @CAPS10 heart, it's like a comedic relief from life. In @CAPS1, if your friend is a little crazy like @CAPS10, it's better to go to your friend's house. That might be a bad thing for my story, but for me @CAPS28 is a good thing. I had the craziest time with my friends and it's funny how we @CAPS6 didn't have to do anything illegal either! It's such a bonus! We get our laughs from cleaning, playing with magnets, watching vampires @CAPS2 and more. Strange? Yes. pleasure? Too much. Let me tell @CAPS10 what happened to me and my lovely friend. First off, as usual, there's a @DATE1 and I'm going to my best friend's house. It was a short walk, I left my church at twelve and got there at twelve-five. I went up the steps and went to her door, which I opened. Ya Ya Ya Ya! "@CAPS3 get up, @PERSON1," @CAPS4 shouted from another room. Snowman puppy came to say hi to me. He knows better @CAPS11. A dog eats rocks for @CAPS5. But @DATE2, @CAPS15 had reason to yell and was a little upset. "I don't know how many dishes! My sister would go crazy if @CAPS15 knew you were here, they're not done yet." "@CAPS6 don't worry, I'll help @CAPS10 and we'll finish them before your sister notices. ." @CAPS7, here we go. @CAPS4 Crazy thinking about the dishes in the house and putting them in the sink. @CAPS7, I struggle to put clean ones in the dishwasher. We heard voices from her sister's room and we jumped up. @CAPS4's sister sounds like @CAPS15 is waking up, but @CAPS7 sneezes and the noise ends. @CAPS7 We're back to work. When it was done, we @CAPS21 collapsed on the couch and looked at each other. We @CAPS21 are tired and our hearts are still pounding. @CAPS7, my sister snorted again. We laughed hysterically and her sister called us @CAPS3 to get up. @CAPS7 Another day, here I am, we @CAPS21 are really hungry. We @CAPS21 walked into her kitchen without eating all day. "@CAPS8 wants to eat @CAPS10," @CAPS15 asked me. "I @CAPS6 don't know. @CAPS8 wants to eat @CAPS10," I replied. "I @CAPS6 don't know," endless loop. But, @CAPS7 my eyes cross a bag of chocolate mint chocolate chips. @CAPS4 Let go of my eyes, see the bag, and smile. "@CAPS9!!" I'm happy, "@CAPS9!!" We @CAPS21 cheered the idea. We put everything together and started making @CAPS9. Now, @CAPS21 in @CAPS16 is really a "great cook" so here's a brain of @CAPS11 when we're faced with "who should flip @CAPS9". "@CAPS10 do it!" "@CAPS11, @CAPS10 do it!!" We argued until I realized the pancakes were going to burn, @CAPS7 I did, "do it", for the chocolate mint chocolate chips @CAPS9. But when I flipped it, it didn't want to end the hug with the hot pan, it fell to pieces. Many "dumb pancakes" are said to be all over her kitchen. However, in the end we were full. @CAPS7 has another @DATE1, this time @CAPS4 has a surprise. "I found this show really cool! It's called the vampire @CAPS2!" I thought for a while, "@CAPS14." @CAPS15 immediately dragged me to her computer, and @CAPS15 downloaded them. I thought to myself, "Are these cheap knockoffs of Twilight?" We started looking at them and they did look cool, and I really liked them. The vampire brothers rioted, yelled, and interrogated each other. "@CAPS16 @CAPS19 What does her blood taste like!" I paused for thoughts that weren't in my head, "@CAPS8 did he say that?" "@CAPS16 @CAPS19 How does her blood taste," @CAPS15 looked at me. I burst out laughing, "@CAPS20. I thought he said, @CAPS16 @CAPS19 @CAPS8 her ass tastes like, wow, I feel so bright!" @CAPS21 We started laughing at the really stupid things I said. We laughed all night with @CAPS16. We watched a few episodes and @CAPS7 my mom showed up. I picked up my coat and the rest of the trash and walked out the door. The dog was still barking, but @CAPS4 walked out the door with me and we hugged each other and said goodbye. "@CAPS23 I'll talk to @CAPS10 later, @CAPS4," I said down the steps, "@CAPS25, see @CAPS10 at school tomorrow." "@CAPS26. Next @DATE1 see @CAPS10!" I yelled from the car window. @CAPS15 shouts back, "@CAPS27!" @CAPS28 is more fun than that, friends' house on @DATE1 @TIME1. Especially with some crazy stuff like me and my buddies, dirty dishes, a stupid dog, @CAPS9 sticking to the pan, and my hearing-impaired vampire @CAPS2.
"@PERSON1, @CAPS1 up! It's almost your school time!" @CAPS2 mom yelled at the shaggy hair, half-eyes and yawning boy. that's me. Today is the first day of @CAPS2's first new middle school. Our family moved to a new location, so I had to move a school too. I got up and showered in my @CAPS2 uniform, excited and nervous because I didn't know anyone at @CAPS6's new school. When I arrived at school, students my age started screaming loudly, either for the grief of coming school days or the excitement of seeing their friends again. On the other hand, I was frustrated and confused because of these seniors and the new school. I shook @CAPS2's head and started looking for @CAPS2 classrooms. '@CAPS3 Haha! right there. @CAPS4, I found the @CAPS2 classroom, and when I walked in, @CAPS5 looked at me curiously for a while because I'm the "new" kid at the @CAPS6 school. I sat alone waiting for the teacher to come. While waiting, I put @CAPS2 to sleep with his head down a bit, @CAPS2 didn't have a smile on his face. Suddenly, the teacher opened the door and exclaimed, "@CAPS5 sit down and be quiet!" Teacher @CAPS6 must be the strictest teacher I've ever met. While the teacher was writing on the whiteboard, the students were talking about seeing the teacher for the first time. Yelling at students is scary when you first see it. For example, I know a kid who went to a private school and then transferred to a public school. I'm in the same class as him, I'm his partner. Since I didn't know him very well, I started asking questions about him. At first, he answered me well and I thought, 'We can be good friends in the @CAPS6 class. @CAPS7 This is wrong. When the teacher was explaining something to us, he started talking loudly to me, which made me have trouble talking to him. Other students hated his distraction in class, and he often asked the teacher aloud useless questions. Plus, he smells the weirdest perfume, and he thinks it's cool to wear. @CAPS5 thought he was annoying, which led to a small brawl. @CAPS8 arguing with other friends, he stopped going to school and now we don't even know where he is. Like @CAPS6, it shows that in relationships with others, first sight really matters. When I heard from the other students sitting behind me that first sight really matters, it turned @CAPS2's idea into an open mind, like @CAPS2 with a smile on her face. I though, 'I shouldn't be like that kind of teacher at first glance. Maybe I should change @CAPS2's smiling and confident look. @CAPS8 That class, I started putting a smile on @CAPS2's face and thinking positively. I work hard to attend classes and make new friends at my new school. So, another student suddenly became enlightened and began to ask about me. For example, questions like; "Why did you come to @CAPS6 school?", "What is your favorite sport?", "What game do you play?", etc. From these radical questions, laughter can change the face of @CAPS2 and build great relationships. How did I know? When I first entered the @CAPS2 classroom with a worried face, @CAPS5 just stared at me like she didn't want to know me. @CAPS8 put a laugh on @CAPS2's face and they're starting to feel better than the first time. Changing my frustrated face is @CAPS2's starting point in a new school. I started to make a lot of friends and it became a way for me to be the monitor. I'm amazed and terrified of how the "new guy" has become the leader of the @CAPS6 class. I'm so proud of myself and think I'm actually starting to smile on @CAPS2's face because teachers don't look good if they don't smile.
You know how people say school is the funniest place during the day? Well, I have to agree with this because when I was at school I would laugh all day when I saw my friend's name @PERSON1. The three of us had a lot of fun all day in the same class, but we were still two classes, but we still sometimes laughed at each other in the halls and classrooms of people we didn't know. I've been enjoying school last year, but this year wasn't as fun as @PERSON1 moved into @CAPS1-es, I don't know where she lives now, but after @PERSON1 left, the good old days are so sweet to her Fun sucks, we don't go to the same school, she or she still goes to school with us, now it's just the two of us @LOCATION1 and myself, without her we have little fun in class, but most of the time we are do so. I remember when @PERSON1 first came to this school she looked a lot like the other girls in our class but once we got to know her we became best friends. The next day she said we wouldn't like her because she was the new kid at school and we knew her very well because we would hang out with the etching teacher who was back in 7th grade. One of the things I always liked about @PERSON1 is that she will turn anyone who is having a bad day into a really good day for you, she will always do that, but some days she will be down and down @PERSON2 And I'll try to make her feel it, but she'll just be mad at us for not being there for her when she needs us. I felt bad after that, but we were friends and friends, so posting there anyway. The next day she won't remember what happened yesterday because when she's really mad at someone, she won't remember that much. One time in one of my classes we didn't do much in that class because we weren't drawing many people and I was on the canvas bulletin board with @PERSON1. The colors are white and brown and we almost got it all over the floor and each other I gasped her hand brown and the other side was white and she got some on the paper and we used it to make it Dry it out so we can paint it again, but it doesn't work out very well because we have to go to the next class. The next day we were in that class we had almost the same stuff but we kind of put it on the grand, the sink, the sops descenders, each other we drew something on each other I drew a heart with her name on it It is the pen, and the heart is the paint. In our next class we laughed all day and we even had my sister @LOCATION1 laugh with us, even though it wasn't funny because we ate a lot of candy and the candy kept us laughing. These are the days I'll always remember because of @PERSON1, @LOCATION1, I'm laughing all the time because we can always find something to laugh about and talk about. Of all the times I laugh, the funniest is with my friend @PERSON1 because with her we are so happy, she is the glue that holds us together. I think when we're all together we're always laughing at every scent of the day. No matter what we do or don't do, we keep laughing. This one we'll say "like" all the time in one of our classes, we've been like that in fifth grade because we're the only two girls there with four boys and a male teacher, so @PERSON1 and I almost Anything can be done in that class because we're not going to do anything that will get us into trouble.
@DATE2 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is a warm day, @CAPS3 and I are on our way to our @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2 family reunion. Our car was packed, my mom, grandma, cousin and our two girls, @CAPS2 was really hot. @CAPS2 is approximately @NUM1 of @DATE1, in @DATE3. I swear I thought we'd all die in that car! We turned on the AC, but @CAPS2 didn't help much, I'm in the middle of my cousin @CAPS4 and @CAPS3. We finally got to the rest stop and we all stumbled out of the car. @CAPS3 wanted to go for a drink, so I followed. I'm sure everyone around us was giving us strange looks at this time. I am in my @LOCATION1 @CAPS6 and @CAPS3 is in @CAPS8 @CAPS9. @CAPS2 feels like @CAPS2 took @NUM2 minutes to walk to the water cooler. @CAPS2 It's really hot. I own a clifftop bar and @CAPS3 is having a drink. Just then, I heard her scream. Of course I laughed, even though I had no idea what was going on. @CAPS3 turned and the laughter turned into a hysterical scream. When you drink, the mouth on the fountain has turned towards you, so @CAPS3 got wet. I scoffed, "@CAPS12, you're not going to be hot for a while, are you?" We all laughed, and she chased after me, trying to get me soaking wet. Sometimes all you can do is laugh together. Later that day, when we finally arrived for the family reunion, they had a pool. She tried to push me in, but I took her away. Everyone was laughing at that time. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard as @DATE2 last time. It was a good time.
Laughter @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Because @ORGANIZATION1 is a very important thing in life, I can't live without laughter in my personal life, I honestly can't. I wouldn't be me if I didn't have laughter in my life. All relationships should contain laughter in some way, what would a relationship be without it! Laughter is a beautiful thing, when I laugh I enjoy life in my own way, my troubles disappear in an instant, and some feel like I'm "carefree". Laughter makes us physically and mentally healthy. There have been many times in my life laughter has involved many relationships. But let me tell you a time when the laughter really stood out, was and still is a big part of my relationship with my dad. I've always been close to my dad, you could even say I'm my dad's little daughter. Laughter played a very important role in my relationship with my dad. It always gets into our relationship somehow. @CAPS1 times laughter is something I cherish and cherish so much that every time I think about it, I can't help but smile. I remember when I was a kid my dad was the one who called if I needed @CAPS1 laughs. The laughter has gotten stronger over the years, and I can't remember a moment my dad and I didn't have a laugh. We always watch these @CAPS3 shows together and we almost always laugh so hard it's impossible not to make a sound or miss something because we all laugh so hard. We would laugh so hard, we would wake up the whole family, and sometimes we wouldn't even know why we were laughing and it happened. I can only hear those sweet laughter between dad and me oh how I miss those @CAPS1 @NUM1 nights is what I look forward to, I know I'll be laughing with dad soon and tears of joy will flow our face. I'm looking forward to that sweet laugh, it's almost impossible to watch the whole show without laughing, oh what @CAPS1 times are. Since my dad moved to @LOCATION1, we haven't had those good laughter times that I sorely miss but keep in my heart. Those moments of laughter were some of the best moments I've had with my dad since I was a little girl and now I've almost grown up. I don't know if my dad and I would be as close as we are today if we hadn't had so much laughter in our lives. Whenever I'm sad or miss my dad, I go back to those times of laughter and listen to his laughter ring in my head. I never knew how important laughter was to me. I'm glad that laughter has played such an important role in my life. Laughter is such an important part of life/relationships because it brings joy and happiness. Laughter is something that should be part of any relationship anyway. I think laughter is good for our bodies, for example, if you're sad, depressed, or just having a day without @CAPS1, @CAPS1's laughter will change that and make you feel better, just like me and my dad. lol Sound also makes relationships last longer, and the reason I'm so close to my dad, best friend, mom, boyfriend, sister, etc., is because of laughter itself. I can't stand being sad all the time without laughter in my relationships, everyone needs a little laughter at some point in their life. My dad was the reason I laughed so much, he showed me how powerful and yet so simple laughter can be. I never thought laughter would be such an important part of my life until my dad showed me its true value. Where I would be today without the laughter, I really don't know. My dad taught me how laughing can change your attitude towards things and how important it is to laugh in your relationship. A world without laughter or laughter would be boring if laughter was not involved in any relationship, you can imagine no laughter at all! I certainly can't imagine life without laughter. If my relationship with my father hadn't been laughable, we wouldn't actually be who we are today, we'd be completely different people, and we wouldn't be as close as we are today. What do you think of laughter? Has laughter played an important role in any of your relationships?
Laughter: @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 Laughter, they say, is the best medicine. We all know that every relationship needs a lot of medication every once in a while. @CAPS3 brother, @PERSON1 and me, we have a good relationship. Sometimes we fight and sometimes we can get along like best friends. When we go to the same school together, I'll say hi to the @CAPS3 brothers in the @CAPS3 way. Almost every time I get closed and ignored by @CAPS3's own brother. @PERSON1 is going to be a freshman next year and I'm going to be a junior so we go to high school together. At the dinner table one evening, the @CAPS3 family was discussing what this change would look like with two high school kids. I brought up the fact that @PERSON1 never greeted me, or even waved at me, and how I don't really appreciate it. How do we talk about how he's going to be called @LOCATION1's brother because I'm awesome. The next thing I know @PERSON1 blurted out, "Yes, @LOCATION1, I'm going to embarrass you because I'm so ugly." @CAPS3 My parents and I looked at each other and couldn't stop laughing! When we were half composure, we asked @PERSON1 why he said that about himself. @PERSON1 said he didn't really know why he said that, he thought it was funny. Yes, @PERSON1, yes! It was @CAPS3's turn for prayer dinner that night. Despite my efforts to calm myself and pray long enough, I couldn't. Every time I thought I was picking myself up again, I started breaking down again. After a while, the @CAPS3 parent asked me what was wrong. I replied, "I'm going to make @CAPS4 make @PERSON1 prettier so he doesn't embarrass me." I started laughing so hard that I cried. I can't see anything because tears blur @CAPS3's vision. Now, after I've said that, I've spent twice as long controlling @CAPS3's laughter. @CAPS3 parents calmed down before me so @CAPS3 mom had to pray because I couldn't control myself. I had to put @CAPS3's hand over @CAPS3's mouth the entire time @CAPS3 mom prayed to keep from laughing. The @CAPS3 grips are so hard that @CAPS3 hurts their teeth. That night, I think @CAPS3 the whole family took a few spoonfuls of medicine. Probably enough to keep us going for another week or so. I can't wait to get "sick" again and need another medication!
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 in @ORGANIZATION1 is the shortest distance between two people. They express happiness, a sense of belonging, and allow you to temporarily forget your troubles. Who doesn't like to laugh? I'm going to write a true story in which laughter will be a big part. My story will be about myself, an exchange student and @CAPS1 in high school, and how I met my best friend today. It all started on my first morning at @CAPS1 High School. I vividly remember how nervous and excited I was. I can't focus on my breakfast because my mind is full of thoughts and questions. What will the school be like? What will the students think of me? I've never been to @LOCATION1 before and I've never been an exchange student. Because of all the worries in my heart, I didn't even notice that it was time to leave the house. This moment, which I have been anticipating for a month, has finally arrived. My host mom said goodbye to me and wished me a great day. Now I am completely alone. I walked into high school for my first class: @CAPS3. On the way to the classroom, people stared at me, but no one said a word. Have you ever felt lonely even with hundreds of people around? That's exactly how I felt at that moment. My first and second class went well: @CAPS4. During @CAPS4 some people asked me if @LOCATION2 had a car. Although this question seems silly to me, I answered "yes" very well. My next period is drama. I had a hard time finding a drama room, but luckily I met a girl on the way and she told me where I should go. Her name is @PERSON1 and she told me she moved here from @LOCATION3 last year. From the first moment I saw her, she was very nice to me. On the way to the classroom, she asked me about the difference between @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION1. She seems to be very interested in me too. We continued talking while our drama teacher was preparing a scene. I have a strange feeling that I have known her forever. My whole nervousness at the start of the day is gone. I told her that some people asked me if @LOCATION2 had a car. She replied that they asked her the exact same question, but about @LOCATION3. Suddenly, she started to laugh. It was a pleasant and friendly laugh, and soon I started laughing too. Sitting next to a girl I just met and we had a good laugh, it wasn't embarrassing to me. I know, this moment, this laughter is very special. I felt so much joy and belonging, it made me forget all my fears and doubts in seconds. However, what I didn't know at this moment was that she would be my best friend. This is my true story, and laughter is a big part of it. Becoming @CAPS1 in school is not easy, especially if you are an exchange student. My story shows that laughter can change people's minds and bring two people closer together. In my case it made me feel more comfortable and confident, it was the start of a great relationship and a great time at @LOCATION1. Finish
High school can be tough for many teens if you don't have a friend who's always willing to put a smile on your face at the worst of times. I have a good friend named @PERSON1. Regardless, she has the special power to make me laugh. By the end of our sophomore year, we were no longer friends with each other. It's both our fault for bringing our friendship closer. It's not like we are enemies of each other. But we didn't end our friendship so beautifully and peacefully. @DATE1 By the time I entered my junior year I had forgotten why we were no longer friends. If I don't remember why we're not friends anymore, it's obviously a stupid thing to do. But things are said to each other. So makeup will be a lot more difficult. I really don't want to be the first to apologize. I did the worst thing to our friendship and just let it stay that way. It was the first day of my junior year. I don't see any sign of @PERSON1 anywhere. It worries me because I think she might move and I don't have a chance to say goodbye to her. After lunch, that's when I mainly see everyone. And there was no sign of her anywhere. When I got to my last class of the day, I was sitting in the front row. Walked into @LOCATION1 once I was settled. I know she still hasn't left, with a little smirk on my face. She turned and looked at me seriously. At that moment I forgot that we were not friends. My face also became serious. It's great to know that she still lives here, but it's horrible to know that we still don't get along. But I don't want to be the first to apologize because I know she'll think I'm the culprit. So that's all I can think of. A semester goes by so fast. Seeing her every day in class makes it harder for me to be there. I lost a very good friend to something I don't even remember. I noticed she made new friends and continued our friendship. She still occasionally hangs out with a group of my friends. We see each other more after school when we all join the cheerleading squad. But we still didn't speak. Really feel like she's acting like I've never been a part of her life. At first I hated her treating me like that. But I also have to take responsibility for what I did to her. One night, I felt very sick. I really need a friend who can make me forget about my problems and bring me a smile. The only person that comes to mind is @PERSON1. I felt very lonely at that time. So I decided to write her an email. It's best to help in her face, but I know I'd hold back if I did it face to face. So one email is better than nothing. I told her I was wrong about a lot of what came out of my mouth. I told her how much I missed her friendship and the gifts around her. When I woke up the next morning, I felt my stomach was so upset. I didn't want to go to school, but I went anyway. At lunch time, I sit in my usual place in the hall. @PERSON1 out of nowhere, sitting next to me. She laughed and said, "Remember when you stumbled in @NUM1 grade?" I couldn't help laughing when she said that. Tears came down my face because of how hard I laughed. It feels like forever since I laughed so hard. We talked a lot about our summer and the news happening in our lives. We laugh more than we talk. I really got my best funny friend back. The laughter can go on again.
Laughter is an important part of life. It's important in my life because it makes me happy. I will tell a true story of why laughter is so important to me and my life. In those days, I would feel bad about some of the stressful and unhappy things happening in my life right now. My friend @CAPS1 will come to my house to cheer me up. He makes me happy, makes me laugh, a lot. The main way he makes me laugh when he notices I'm sad is, often tickles me, tells a funny joke or asks me a stupid question, makes me play a video game or two, I'm embarrassed not good at. The first way he can make me laugh is to tickle me. When he came over, we just sat around talking about random things that popped into our heads. He would notice that I was getting upset at some point, and he would say that if I didn't cheer up, he would tickle me so I would laugh and cheer up. I'm not going to really cheer up so he can make me laugh and cheer me up. So, he would start tickling me a lot. I basically itch everywhere, so I laugh hysterically, which is funny. I still laugh after he finally stops tickling me. If I'm upset again, he'll keep scratching me until he's sure I'm happy. I will be happy that day because of the laughter. He was just hanging out with me the other day. I may not have such a good day. We'd go to the movies, eat popcorn or watch TV, and he'd notice that I wasn't really that happy. So, he would try to make me laugh and cheer me up. He would tell funny silly jokes or ask me a weird random question to make me laugh. Funny little things like this always make me laugh. All day or while watching a movie. He'll say it's nice outside. He was just making me laugh when it really wasn't. Or, something in the movie would happen that he would say is impossible in real life. He just makes me laugh to cheer me up. Besides tickling me and saying funny things to make me laugh, he also makes me play video games to make me forget things. Once at his house, he said we should play some fun video games to do something because it's going to rain outside. At first, he would show me his performance in one of his favorite video games, like Assassin @CAPS2. Then he would say I should try to play it. I'm not very good at it, but it's fun. I'm not used to @CAPS3 @CAPS4 controls so I don't know how to do something and he'll make fun of me for it because it should actually be easy. When I can't do something, I laugh at it and give him the controller because I can't and he can. It makes me laugh because I can't do simple things in the game, like hit a wall in the game, so, I have to let him do it, which is fun for us. Being a bad video game is fun for me, it makes me laugh. That in turn makes me happy, which is important. Anyhow, my friend @CAPS1 constantly tickles me and says weird and random things that are stupid and funny, or makes me laugh by making me play video games that I'm not good at and have to make him do it for me. He made me laugh a lot, which made me so happy. Laughter is a very important part of my life and this story. It's important because if I didn't have him make me laugh as much, I wouldn't be as happy. If I'm not happy, that's not a good thing. Because, happiness is a very important part of any life and relationship. Most of the way I get happy is by laughing. So, this story shows that laughter is a very important part of my life. You could also say it's important to my relationship with @CAPS1. He made me laugh, which made me so happy. This is very important to me.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people, the longest time I never thought that I would be happy. I feel like every time I try, there's always someone out there saying "@CAPS1 no, she's going to be happy. Better take it all away from her." That's what happens all the time @CAPS2; People who have abandoned, been cheated on, or lost their best friend. I sometimes have trouble sleeping at night, hoping that maybe one day someone will listen, care, and understand. I didn't think that wish would come true, but somehow it did. @PERSON2 is the kind of guy you can tell anything about. He will listen and care as if it were his problem too. That's what attracted me to @CAPS2 the most. He knows when something isn't right and tries to make it better. One of my favorite things about him is that he makes me happy when I'm down. He doesn't live near me, he's never been here, we barely know each other, but he makes me laugh better than anyone I've known in years. I guess I never believed that laughter was the shortest distance between two people. It didn't take long to be proven wrong. In my freshman year, I got lost. I just want to be popular, make friends, and have a good boyfriend. The main focus that drove me through each class period was the boys. It wasn't the best thing I could focus on, but hey, they got me through. I remember sitting in my math class with a tall boy with brown blond hair sitting in the front row. @PERSON2 is his name and I'm suddenly attached. I did @CAPS2, which most girls do when they see a cute guy. fool yourself. I'm pretty sure I'll never get a chance to be with him until I get his phone number. The story continues from there, we date and ditch. We didn't speak for a while. But that's what @CAPS2 brings us closer together. Later we became best friends and that's why I'm happy. My boyfriend is not a good boyfriend at all. It took me a while to realize this because I was fascinated by his ability to make me feel important. When I called @PERSON2 I thought I didn't matter and cried the night he cheated on me. Usually when you ask a boy to help you with a problem, they don't know what @CAPS2 can say. But when I talk to @PERSON2 he seems to be going through the same thing. His perspective on the predicament helped me get through it. I had the longest conversation with him that night, explaining how I felt. To my surprise, he actually cared and listened. After hours of talking, @PERSON2 and I finally realized we had to connect somehow. He and I have a lot in common. We've all been through the same situation and we've all helped each other overcome it. One time after a dance @PERSON2 called me and said, "I cried when @PERSON1 left tonight." I helped him. Then later that month, he thought she was cheating on him. I helped him. I remember calling him one night and he woke up just to hear me tell him I quit the dance team. People tell me not to get too attached to him, but there's nothing I can do about it. We didn't even have to be in the same room and he made me smile. Everything we've been through makes me laugh. He made me laugh. He's not a class clown or comedian, but that's just the way he can be himself without being embarrassed, and @CAPS2 makes him funny. We @MONTH1 fight sometimes, but I know he'll be there when I need him. Sometimes I sit back and think back to the beginning of the year. When I'm timid, quiet, unhappy. I think @PERSON2 is the most caring guy, but you won't notice that unless you know him. I thought, "@CAPS2, if I never met @PERSON2", I wonder if I would be who I am today. I realize now that I've changed a lot over the past few months. It could be from @PERSON2, or it could just be myself. But I'm pretty sure the laughter has something to do with it. It brought me and @PERSON2 together in the beginning and even now. From complete stranger to now best friend. Maybe it's true; laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Sometimes, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to @CAPS4 I look around nervously as many mothers drive to strange and unfamiliar buildings @CAPS6 new @ORGANIZATION2. "@CAPS5 or so! We can come back again...or @CAPS2 not at all." @CAPS6 Mum laughs and continues to search for a parking space. I collapsed in my seat at @CAPS6, depressed and alone. @DATE1 was the first day of my sophomore year at @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS6 and I had to spend it in a new @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2; @org1. Moving to a new @ORGANIZATION2 wouldn't be so bad if I wasn't forced to leave the @ORGANIZATION2 I love, the @ORGANIZATION2 I have friends with, the @ORGANIZATION2 that fulfills the optional needs of @CAPS6. I was terrified of the day and just wished I could go home and sleep with this vivid nightmare. @CAPS6 Mom had to drag me from our minivan to the door of @ There was a large group of students swarming around the room, which I would later call the "commons." @CAPS6 Mom introduced me to the person in charge @PERSON3, then waved goodbye and got back to the car. I feel sick, @CAPS6's heart is pounding as I look around at @CAPS6's new colleagues. I didn't even see a familiar or friendly face. Not being an extrovert is a struggle for me, especially when I'm facing new situations like this @ORGANIZATION2. In fact, I don't even want to make any friends. I @CAPS2 want to go back to @ORGANIZATION2; @CAPS6 @ORGANIZATION2. @CAPS6 sentiment will only get worse over time. No one even tried to be nice to me, and I didn't really try. When the students went on a field trip to the @CAPS9 campus across the street, I met a girl @CAPS2 who seemed as uncomfortable as I was. @CAPS14 has long straight blond hair, brown eyes and a pierced nose. We started walking together, our steps in sync with each other, although no language was exchanged. Both of us @CAPS2 feel more comfortable standing together rather than alone. On the @CAPS9 campus, I decided to drop the timid case of @CAPS6 and I asked her where @CAPS14 came from. "@LOCATION1," @CAPS14 replied. "The @CAPS6 family moved here last year @DATE2, so I've been homeschooling until the end of the year," @CAPS14 told me, her voice tense. We continued to chat as our group toured the building. But I still didn't know her name, because I couldn't read the handwriting on her name tag, and I was embarrassed to ask what it was. Luckily @CAPS14 started talking about her name. "@CAPS6 parents named me @PERSON1 because @CAPS6 mom is @CAPS13, I guess @CAPS14 really likes that name." @CAPS14 shrugs and rolls her eyes. @CAPS14 told me I could call her by her nickname @PERSON2 because @CAPS14 doesn't like people talking to her by her full name. After the tour, all the student groups returned to @ORGANIZATION2 as we were going to @CAPS3 for a pizza party for lunch. As @PERSON2 and I sat in the corner munching on food, we researched the kids around us. "@CAPS15...it's going to be the worst year ever," I said glumly. We looked at each other pitifully for a moment, contemplating the difficult times ahead. Then, at the same time, we both laughed. The next thing I knew, we laughed hysterically, our bodies rocking back and forth with each breath that escaped our lips. Sometimes when life throws me lemons instead of making lemonade, I pucker @CAPS6's lips at the thought of how tart they are, then I @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to @CAPS4. While laughter doesn't automatically make @CAPS6's new @ORGANIZATION2 a fun and popular place, it makes @CAPS2 more bearable. Laughter is really the best medicine, no matter what disease or problem, it can make two strangers become friends in an instant.
I have learned some very valuable things in school. I didn't learn it in a classroom, and I didn't learn it in a book. I learned this lesson in the hallway near the copy room. A @MONTH1 was prompted to ask, what kind of lessons can you learn in the lobby? This is what I'm going to tell you, and I won't forget it anytime soon. In order to fully understand what exactly I was roaming the halls and taking lessons from, you'll need a little background. I'm in my third class; this is the lead at the time. From an outsider's perspective, leadership isn't your traditional curriculum. Kids running around the school like squirrels @MONTH1 gives a perverted appearance, but that's how it looks. We're not doing anything bad, it's just that most of the time you have to leave the classroom to do what needs to be done that day. Leadership directly precedes my least favorite class, @CAPS1 @CAPS2. I just hate that class. I've been taking @CAPS1 classes since I was in kindergarten at @ORGANIZATION1. I was a sophomore at the time, and the language has been bugging me for the past decade. It's not that I'm not good at it or anything, because really, I'm not. I just developed a strong disdain for the @CAPS1 class. Teachers always make me uncomfortable, probably because I have a big mouth and I talk a lot. She's the kind of person who has the @CAPS10 pose and sticks to the rules. You can see the kind of guy who wields a yard stick as a lethal weapon. During certain class times, the teacher took a particularly long time to explain what we were supposed to do that day. He does this sometimes, and he is known for his tirade. He can spend the entire @NUM1 minute class talking about an assignment that takes ten minutes to complete. However, we didn't do our homework that day. At least not a typical task as the average person thinks. Another girl in the class, @CAPS5; I'm working on a special project. We had to retrieve some very important things from my car. We waited for the teacher to finish speaking and asked if we could go, and he said yes. We walked out of the double doors of the classroom, into the main hallway, and then we continued towards the parking lot. As we walk, we pass the office door, the @CAPS6 lobby and the library. Just as we were walking to the door of the copy room, I saw @PERSON2. @PERSON2 was in two of my @CAPS1 classes the year before and thought I'd say hi to him. I did and then I asked him if he took @CAPS1 @CAPS2 that year. He replied no. I told him, "The @CAPS10 thing, because @CAPS1 @CAPS2 sucks!" I didn't know it at the time, but I'll be eating those words with truck loads soon. Less than five seconds after I said that to @PERSON2, @CAPS5 was pulling on my shirt sleeve and trying to get me out of the building. I told her to calm down and it was rude to interrupt someone while they were talking. After I said goodbye to @PERSON2, @CAPS5 kicked me out the door and she burst out laughing. I was taken aback by her sudden burst of laughter and asked what she was laughing at. That's when my @CAPS1 teacher @LOCATION1 stuck her head out the door and said to me in a heavy accent: "@PERSON1, I heard you don't like my class!" I must be as red as a tomato. I just stood there with the stupidest look on my face. That expression jumps across your face when you wish you had a rewind button on your mouth. I looked back at my right shoulder just in time to see @CAPS5 gasping because she laughed so hard. I turned my attention to @LOCATION1 and she just stood there, an angry face masking the laughter trying to break through. I was there, less than ten paces from my car, and I had nothing to say this time. The lesson I learned that day was to never insult a crocodile before you cross a river. Or at least make sure the alligator isn't in the next room. Especially if the alligator teaches your next lesson.
Laughter is an element of @CAPS1 Laughter is a huge element of @CAPS1 without which @CAPS1 would not be what it is today. Laughter is actually a factor in my relationship with my boyfriend now. I also believe that "laughing is the shortest distance between two people" someone once said. Laughter also breaks the ice when people are angry, sad, or just meeting the person. Laughter can also bring two people very close. This is a true story of how laughter became an element of @CAPS1. When I was with my best friend @PERSON1 the other day, we met @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 of her cousin @CAPS2 friends. @PERSON2 and I started chatting and hanging out that night. I'm a very shy guy, but he keeps making me laugh. It's not a love story, but he made me laugh and broke the wall I put up because I'm shy and uncomfortable. The more we laughed together, the more I felt that the closer he was to me, the more comfortable I was around him. Eventually we started dating. We are still together today because of the laughter and our relationship is very strong and I wouldn't be as close as I am now if it weren't for the laughter from @PERSON2. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I believe this is because laughter gives you that sense of security, just like it's okay to be yourself around a stranger. Laughter makes you feel warm and invited to have fun. Makes you feel connected to this person at the moment. Using laughter for the right reasons doesn't make you uncomfortable, like breaking the ice with someone or just meeting someone who can bring them closer. Break the ice with laughter. Meeting someone for the first time can be very uncomfortable for some people, and they may do this while talking and laughing to make them feel less shy and start talking again. When I meet people for the first time, I'm shy until someone makes me laugh and then I'm comfortable. Sometimes getting people to laugh when they are sad or angry can also make you very close to someone. But laughter always keeps you away from someone. When I was sad about my first breakup with my ex-fianc after a year and a half, no one could make me happy for a day or two. My best friend @PERSON1 took me to the state fair, laughed with her on the rides, pulled her closer to me and I'm not mad anymore. Her smile broke the anger and hurt inside me. One of the great elements of @CAPS1 is laughter, no doubt about that. According to people, laughing @MONTH1 is not an element of @CAPS1 for them, but for me it is. We wouldn't be as close as we are without feeling safe laughing with @PERSON2. Without the laughter of @PERSON1, I wouldn't be as warm and comfortable as we are together. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Someone once said. @CAPS1 would be very different without that laugh.
My friend @ORGANIZATION2 got a random call at @TIME1. It was his high school friend, there were three in total. Strangely, they haven't spoken much since high school. Surprised @ORGANIZATION2 asked what happened and what they were doing: assuming they were in jail or something for that matter. Instead, friends replied and told him what they were doing, then told @ORGANIZATION2 they wanted to go on a road trip. @ORGANIZATION2 thought "why the hell are you telling me this" and said cool. What do you need me to do? The friend replied that he needed @ORGANIZATION2 to plan the trip because they didn't have a computer and couldn't read a map. At the end of the call @ORGANIZATION2 finally said he would help and plan the trip. Then asked a friend if he wanted to go on this trip, the friend replied I don't know I want to watch a pro baseball game and once @ORGANIZATION1 land I would love to go there. A week and a half later, @ORGANIZATION2 called his friends back to tell them the plan. After orchestrating them carefully, he said proudly. It's a ten day trip for you guys, starting at @LOCATION1, then driving to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION2, then batting (watching) all five pro baseball teams from @LOCATION2 on the way down and back game, then go to another amusement park at Six Signs, like @ORGANIZATION1. Friends, what do you mean by answering? You come with us. @ORGANIZATION2 was very surprised and told them: You haven't spoken to me for five years and then you randomly want to go on a road trip with me, he said it sounded a little confused. Friends answered very well, we need your car, but we can't drive and we don't know how to read a map. Seriously considering @ORGANIZATION2's situation finally gave in and told them yes, but then gave conditions. He divides tasks among his friends so he doesn't get stuck with all the work. Like he gives one person the task of finding hotels and lodgings, another person finding a gas station, another friend having to find all the restaurants they're going to. The trip has started and for @ORGANIZATION2 the vacation is much needed and surprisingly fun and relaxing. At least for now. Everything was going according to plan, they played, happily watched four of the five baseball games, had a good time, and then @ORGANIZATION1 landed more than expected and even six flags were exiting and bringing @ORGANIZATION2 and His friends go back to the good old days of high school. The only thing that worries me a bit is that one of my friends is falling behind on the task of finding hotels and places to stay for everyone. A friend's night is staying where a relative or friend lives. But for hotels, they are the last minuet. In the final days before going back, plans are still in progress. They just had another event. Giants baseball games and then living with old high school friends who moved to @LOCATION2. Make sure they definitely have a place to stay @ORGANIZATION2 Ask a friend who is in charge of finding a place to stay. A friend replayed "No, I haven't spoken to him yet. I'll call him later." This upset @ORGANIZATION2 a bit, so he told his friend not to call him right now. A friend called him. Other friends picked up to bring bad news and he went back to @LOCATION1. @ORGANIZATION2 said to himself, I know it was a great trip. Feeling rushed at @TIME1 at a baseball game. @ORGANIZATION2 and his friends had to leave early because the traffic in @LOCATION2 was very random and bad. Meanwhile, @ORGANIZATION2 had to go to the bathroom and things started to go bad two hours after the Giants game. @ORGANIZATION2 had to go bad. But his friends kept him saying the traffic was fine and we needed to move on. @ORGANIZATION2 Listen and move on. Then the traffic stopped. @ORGANIZATION2 was supposed to wear pants! So he got out and pulled off the side of the highway and was surprised to see he wasn't stopped he miraculously stopped at Giants Stadium and then he saw a portable potty and he stopped and ran to it and it was locked . @ORGANIZATION2 looked around and saw another one. He took off as fast as possible. Yes, it's finally open and @ORGANIZATION2 is ecstatic thinking of himself! He walked in and looked at the urinal, realizing he wasn't getting there fast enough, and embarrassedly walked in with his pants on.
Laughter can change any situation. It can be used to break an awkward silence after telling a bad joke, recall a good memory, or clear the mind and create a sense of calm. According to @DATE1, laughter is a form of communication. I discovered this through @DATE1's cursory work through many different situations. Many of the experiences were with people who spoke different languages or with young children who I was able to connect with through laughter. One of @DATE1's laughable experiences has been with the many different exchange students the @DATE1 family has hosted. We've had exchange students from @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION4. Most of them have pretty good breaks @CAPS1, but some words proved difficult to describe and translate. @DATE1's favorite exchange student is @PERSON1, a student from @LOCATION3. She lives north of @LOCATION3, in @LOCATION2 country. In the @LOCATION2 country, they say @CAPS2 and @LOCATION2, the culture is slightly different from the rest of @LOCATION3. What makes @PERSON1 so delightful is her outgoing personality, her empathy, and her ability to make anyone in the room actually burst out laughing. I believe her incredible ability is one of the reasons why the summer I spent with her was one of the happiest memories of @DATE1. @PERSON1 can turn any event into a relaxing and enjoyable experience. I'd join her on tasks like doing the dishes, which is a chore I don't usually enjoy, and we'd laugh at the most outrageous things. We would laugh together until tears came out of our eyes and we felt the need to go to the bathroom. Once @PERSON1, @DATE1's best friend @PERSON2, me and I spent all day lying on the grass in the park, doing ridiculous skits for each other, telling funny stories and laughing until our stomachs hurt. Between bursts of laughter @PERSON1 will exclaim "@CAPS3 you have to stop this or I'm sure to explode and I have to go to the toilet every ten minutes!" @CAPS4 She'll say we'll look at each other and laugh Go back to the ground and roll. When I visited @PERSON1 at @LOCATION3, we encountered a lot of similarly outrageous, uncontrollable laughter. One day we went to the @LOCATION2 parliament building with my family, @PERSON1, her sister @CAPS5, @DATE1's sister @PERSON3 and I couldn't stop playing dumb and breaking down. We cruised through solemn and quiet buildings, unable to remain silent or stoic, laughing at each other uncontrollably, grimacing and dancing, unable to contain our joy. I don't know much about @PERSON1 @CAPS4 @CAPS4 @DATE1 friends at home, but I think I'll always feel a deeper connection to her than most because with her I feel free to laugh at anything. I've heard many different facts about laughter; you'll do better if you laugh before a test, the moments of laughter are more prominent in your memory, and a person who laughs every day is more likely to be less stressed and happier@ DATE1, but the reason I like to laugh is that it makes me feel really good.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 What is the laughter? Me and @PERSON1 will be best friends @CAPS2 ever laugh? That would be negative. Honestly, I think laughter is the biggest part of @CAPS1. How are @CAPS1 two friends who never smile? If there are people in the world who don't laugh, I bet they have no friends, at least no real friends. I feel sorry for these people. I can't even imagine living @CAPS2's laughter. Me and all my friends laugh all the time. Especially me and @PERSON1. @CAPS5 usually can't stop laughing when @PERSON1 is with me. @PERSON1 and I laughed at almost everything. We have a lot of inside jokes that aren't even funny (good for me and her @CAPS5) like "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 upstairs!" or "John, John, John, John." Seeing things that people wouldn't find funny, but every time one of us blurts out a silly inside joke, we start laughing until we open our eyes. If I imagine me and @PERSON1 never laugh, that would be the worst @CAPS1. I don't even want to think that we never laugh. @CAPS5 Sounds horrible. If @PERSON1 and I never laughed, we probably wouldn't be friends. I'm so glad I have so much laughter in my life. I don't know what I would do @CAPS2 @CAPS5.
@ORGANIZATION1 You think of a relationship, what do you think? Do you think laughter is an important element in a relationship? Laughter means laughter, expressing joy or ridicule. A lot of people have been in a relationship before, from good to bad, they know @ORGANIZATION1 laughs at each other and they enjoy each other. First @ORGANIZATION1 A couple is laughing and they love being together so it makes them want to spend more time with each other. Smile to yourself and let the couple have a better transcendence. The couple will get a better connection. So they can understand each other. For example @ORGANIZATION1 a couple who just had a great time and they want to continue sharing the good times with each other. Another reason for laughter is an element of the relationship that will ultimately lead to a stronger relationship for the couple because there will be a wonderful connection between you so they can understand each other. So things between them will be successful in a stronger and better relationship. Next time you're in a relationship, think about how laughter is an element and how enjoyment, connection, more time with each other, and stronger relationships can benefit from laughter. So the next time you laugh with your boyfriend or girlfriend, think about the benefits of just laughing with each other.
It is said that "laughing is the spark of the soul". I totally agree with this statement. Laughter can do wonders for the soul; it really ignites a spark. Once that spark is lit, watch out, it will burn like wildfire. As the fire burns, it rages throughout the body. First that uncontrollable smile that makes your cheeks ache, then the wonderful flight of butterflies in your stomach, then the tingling deep in your toes, and last but not least, tears of joy flow from your eyes. Have you had these feelings before? That' @CAPS5 Rampage I'm talking about; let the fire burn. Laughter is a remarkable thing - it can turn an awkward or embarrassing situation into a more relaxing one. Unfortunately, in my story about laughing, I'm not the one laughing...about three weeks ago when my sister was in gymnastics, my mom, my best friend @CAPS1, I went to visit my grandparents, See how their work is progressing with our new barn. Time to pick up my sister @CAPS2 after spending some time at their house. My grandfather once kindly offered to pick her up, but then I mentioned @CAPS1 that I could pick her up. When we drove to town with my grandfather @LOCATION1 everything seemed to be fine. Another ordinary day. After arriving at the gymnastics center, we walked in and waited for @PERSON1 to finish. However, when we walked out, my sister said she was hungry and asked me to stop by @ORGANIZATION1. I stopped at the order board and ordered food for her. The lady then asked me to drive to the first window to pay. After doing what she asked, I received my change, pulled the truck into the car, and started driving - all of a sudden I heard a loud bang! My heart dropped when I looked in my side mirror. I didn't pull far enough and hit the side of the building. Now, before I go on, I just want you to know that I've been driving since I was about seven years old and generally a pretty good driver. But hey, the first crash happened to us all, right? Going back to my story, when I drove back to my grandparents' house, I tried my best not to cry. After we got back to their house @CAPS1 I ran into the house and got a cup of hot water, soap, toothbrush and @CAPS5.O.@CAPS5. Upholstered. We scrub and scrub until all the red paint on the side of the building is gone. Once the paint is gone and the truck is back to white, the dent doesn't look that bad. I was so scared to tell my grandparents about the truck! After waiting for about an hour, I finally got up the courage to tell them what happened. My grandpa put on his shoes and we went out to see the damage. When I started crying because I felt so bad, my grandpa started laughing and reminded me that it was just a truck and could be fixed. He just laughed, which really made the situation a lot less stressful. Laughter brings people together and creates bonds that last a lifetime. So, whether you're laughing about something that makes you happy or a situation that might not be so good, just let the fire burn.
School just came out. That was @DATE2 before my senior year. We've been planning this camping trip for a few weeks for @DATE1. We're so excited about it that we can only talk about that. This will be our first camping trip without parents. It will be the best four days of our lives. Sand, sand, friends, quads, no parents; how could it be better? We invited as many people as possible. The more people there are, the more interesting it will be. @ORGANIZATION1 and I went shopping the day before. We have a lot of goodies to do. After going home from shopping, we had to load all the bikes into the toy hauler. We each rode two bikes and we brought @ORGANIZATION1's boyfriend's bike so he could drive over after get off work. We've been packing our bags almost all night trying to figure out the perfect outfit to wear every day. It's going to be a great weekend on the coast, we already know that. It was the middle of @DATE3, the sun was shining and it was beautiful outside. The next morning, we got up and went over everything to make sure we had the most important things like flags, helmets, clothes, etc. Then start refueling, and finally head to the coast! As soon as we hit the road, the music was on and the windows were closed, as usual. The trip there seemed to take a long time because we were so excited to get there. When we finally got there, a very lovely guy pitched his tent at one of our campsites. I asked @ORGANIZATION1 who he was and @CAPS2 told me it was @CAPS1 (her boyfriend) best friend @PERSON1. We parked the toy van, got out and unloaded, and he came to help. The moment I saw him, I knew he had to be mine. For the next hour or so, we had everything unloaded and set up. By then, more people had appeared. We help other people get all their stuff turned on and set up so we can go for a ride. Our first trip on the beach was absolutely perfect. It's warm enough to ride in a t-shirt. But we didn't stay out too long. People were starting to get hungry, so we went back to camp, made dinner, and sat around the fire. About twenty of us were sitting around the fire talking about everything from the stars in the sky to the sand on the ground. Every time I look up, I notice @PERSON1 is looking at me. He just smiled and looked away like there was nothing. As usual, @ORGANIZATION1 started telling us about a funny incident that happened to her on @DATE1 (@CAPS2 is such a douchebag.) We all started when @CAPS2 showed us her bruise from falling down the stairs laughing out loud. @PERSON1 and I closed our eyes. Later that night, @PERSON1 asked me if I wanted to go for a walk. We followed the sand road all the way up to the dunes to the top of a huge dune called @CAPS3 @CAPS4. When we got to the top, we sat there, stared at the stars, and talked. We realized we had a lot in common. We love doing the same things and we have the ability to make each other laugh. Laughter is really the shortest distance between two people. If you can make people laugh, it means a lot. No one has ever made me laugh like he did. I never knew laughter could bring two people together like that night on the dunes.
It all started in the playground of @CAPS9, my friends @PERSON3 and @PERSON2 were just sitting there and we saw these two girls walking by, it was these girls from school @PERSON1 and @CAPS1. At first we didn't know who it was, so we sat down and told me calmly that it was them @CAPS9 they were getting closer. They ran up and said 'hey guys wanna go on an adventure in the woods' 'of course why not' we all said 'we don't have anything better than this so we go this looks like @NUM1 miles @CAPS9 it's just @NUM2 feet away from the playground, either way I was lazy. @CAPS9 We got into @CAPS2 and it had a lot of bushes and trees and we thought we could make a fort out of bushes where we could relax and eat the sweetness of @ORGANIZATION1 laps, but we don't know there's something in @CAPS2 that we don't know. Turns out we were on the wrong side of @CAPS2, there's a lot of animals there and we're in. So as I sit on the long road by the creek, I see To a brown figure walking deep into the woods, they were to me the person in the closet was @PERSON1, I jumped up to grab her and from there I knew the adventure was going on to find whatever lives there. @CAPS9 we Started walking and all I could see was trees and bushes telling me I heard @PERSON1 say "There 's something there next to that big vine tree so we approached the tree cautiously not knowing what to expect. We stood for a while behind a small log that fell on a log. As we looked at that big tree and the huge hole in its side, we heard a loud growl inside the tree, I got up from behind the tree and went over to check it, but before I took a step, @PERSON1 grabbed took off my jacket and told it looked dangerous "okay" I said disappointed because I really wanted to go and see what was on that tree. We started walking back and let other people find out that they've been looking for us for more than @NUM3 minutes "sorry" we all said "but you guys have to check @CAPS7 so hardly any" I said hostilely. "What is @CAPS5" @PERSON3 said "don't know but it sounds big and scary and mean" @PERSON1 said "oh daaanngg" @PERSON2 said "I think we'll die if we go back there" @CAPS1 complained . "@CAPS7 will be alright" I said, so we all looked at each other okay, everyone said in scared voices. "@CAPS8 will be fine, trust me, I know where we can watch the tree animals or whatever without getting too close" I said @CAPS9 we went there to see the animals @CAPS1 don't want to see the animals anymore so We argued for a while and then we both made a deal for @PERSON2 and @CAPS1 to stop on the hill and run back if there was any problem. We walked behind the tree and looked at the tree, me @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 didn't know what to look at or wait for @CAPS9 to have something coming out of that tree. I can't wait for ts @NUM4 to say. We walked around the tree keeping our distance @CAPS9 and we heard the roar again, we backed up a bit but kept going, we got a bit closer @CAPS9 and I saw something on the tree. It's a huge mountainside, and we ran up the mountain as fast as we could. I went back and tried to follow the screams from @LOCATION1 but @CAPS9 I looked up and it was really @PERSON3 and I couldn't help laughing @CAPS9 we got @PERSON2 and @CAPS1 and I laughed all the way to @ORGANIZATION1 . We were all breathless as we entered @ORGANIZATION1, especially me, because I couldn't stop laughing at @PERSON3 and how I thought he was @PERSON1 because he screamed like a girl. "@CAPS13 up" he said "that's not me, it's @PERSON1" even though @PERSON1 was running next to me at hole time. We walked into @ORGANIZATION1 again and there was a big box of donuts next to the deli, we ran over and got two boxes with a total of @NUM5 doughnuts in them, and we got a big gallon of soda and Chilled in @ORGANIZATION1 and ate the hole in @NUM6 minutes. I will always remember that day as one of the craziest days of my life.
It was a stormy winter night and my girlfriend and I wanted to go for dinner, so we went. The restaurant was almost full when we got there, so we got a table quickly. While waiting for the food, we started talking about our friends and had a great time. Then I said something about what she really meant about people she knew and didn't know. She got really pissed off and rushed out of the place and left me alone. After paying the bill for the food I didn't eat, I finally got up and went home. Next time mourning I get up and start cleaning the house, trimming the yard and doing all my chores. She came to my house and apologized for what she did, so I apologize for saying something mean to a friend of hers. I told her that I would call her when I was done with the housework and go out to lunch. Finally, I finished the housework, took a shower, and got dressed. Then I called her and told her to meet me at the restaurant of her choice. About an hour later, she showed up and found me waiting at the table furthest from the door. Then she sat down and asked me if I was going to be mean again. I said I would be nice and considerate today, not mean. Then I went on to tell her an interesting memory. She smiled and told me one. This continued until we left. Laughter was the one thing that brought us together until she broke up with me for my friend.
Laughter is the medicine for happiness. Those who laugh a lot end up living better lives. During @DATE1, they were in a better mood and affected those around them with optimism. Many strong friendships involve laughing a lot. I'm lucky to have friends who never stop making me or each other laugh. They were all laughing intently at my house when it was late at @TIME1. My high school freshman is my second year total in public school, as I was previously homeschooled by my parents. Earlier that year, I had just formed friendships with four other people. They are my friends @PERSON4, @PERSON1, @PERSON2 and @PERSON3. We haven't been to each other's house yet, so I suggest being the first to let them over on @DATE1. We don't yet know what we want to do in my house, but we know that with our creativity, we can find anything that makes us happy. We watched football on @CAPS1 as they came one by one until the whole gang was at home. Once the last person @PERSON2 came to my house, we all went out looking for things to do. We are both football players, so we decided to play some backyard football. Unfortunately, all of us are linemen except @PERSON4. The problem is that we have what's called a "forward hand", which means we can't catch the ball due to a hard hand. That created a spectacle of a bunch of forwards trying to be wide receivers. We didn't end up finishing the game because it was fun. Later @TIME1 we both decided to grab a ton of junk around my property and, like most boys our age, started fighting them. The battle went on for most of @TIME1 and people got hit in the funniest way possible. After we were all tired of running, we decided to shoot a horror movie with my mom's camera. This is when the whole @TIME1 laughs the most. We all sit down to develop a plot for our film and keep twisting it in different ways to agree on its foundation. We decided to make the movie look like a "@CAPS2-field" movie about an alien invasion of Earth, but we replaced the alien with a psychopath chasing us. When we started the film, everything seemed to follow the script perfectly. Unfortunately, when the first serious scene came up, we found we couldn't act at all. @PERSON4 was supposed to be lying on the ground when we found him with a gash on the side, but when we filmed that scene @PERSON4 who was supposed to be in a coma couldn't keep his head straight when we found him. We all started laughing because when we picked him up he had a goofy laugh and @PERSON3 embarrassedly said "windows open, @PERSON2 gone". After we calmed down, we started filming the next scene where we woke up @PERSON4 and tried to figure out what was going on. @PERSON4 says "I'm badly hurt! I think I need an ambulance", then @PERSON1 replies "@CAPS3 This isn't going to happen!". The line @PERSON1 said was not in the script, just to keep it funny, and we all started laughing again. We tried to redo the scene, but when I said "@CAPS4 are you laughing", we all burst into uncontrollable laughter. Later in the movie, the last people alive are @PERSON1, @PERSON3 and me. We put the mentally ill outside in the dark. @PERSON4 and @PERSON2 randomly run to the camera when they shouldn't. This made us laugh again because of the way Humpty Dumpty ran. After finishing all the scenes and finishing the movie, we all went back to my living room, spooked by the long hours in the dark making a horror movie. My sister came home randomly without us noticing. She stared at the locked front door and made no sound in a very creepy way until we all noticed her. We all jumped about ten feet in the air because we were so scared. When we settled in, we all joined the laughter again when we looked back and saw how stupid we were. All in all, the laughter that runs through @TIME1 brings us closer as friends. Every time we get together at my house, we look at that tape, remember the good times, and laugh until we cry. The benefit of laughter in my life is being able to form a strong bond with my now best friend. This way my life is really happy. end
Waves of bright blue morning light stream across the summit as the waking sun begins to rise into its usual position. The crisp, cold air lifts the sleeping birds. Soon, the twilight backdrop becomes a vibrant morning, with birds chirping with their melodious songs. The breeze blew through the treetops and the leaves danced. The green grass flows like the sea, but the cracked tombstones stand still; like ships at sea. Any viewer @MONTH1 can agree that this particular cemetery scene presents an amazing feel; however, the hearts of the audience are filled with sympathy and despair when one glimpses the stoic man standing in front of the silent gravestone. A motionless young @PERSON1 standing in front of a tombstone. There was a light breeze, but it soon began to accelerate into a biting wind. @PERSON1's teary eyes and wet face are starting to dry out. Although windy weather is not uncommon for @PERSON2 and @LOCATION1, the long-lost memory somehow interrupted @PERSON1's thoughts. For a split second, his mind drifted back to when @CAPS5 was alive sixteen years ago. His eyes closed when the wind began to calm. He could almost hear her voice. "@CAPS1, I want you to meet someone," @CAPS5 shouted from upstairs. That's @DATE1 and six-year-old @PERSON1 eagerly runs up the stairs. Breathing heavily, he walked to the top of the creaking stairs and jumped into his parents' room. "@CAPS2 @CAPS3?" he asked, starting to turn the cold brass doorknob. He opened only a slit and peered into the room. His blue eyes twinkled with curiosity. He watched as the midwife slid gracefully to the edge of his mother's bed, propping her head on another pillow. Then his attention turned to his father, who was sitting on the edge of the bed, holding a small bundle of pink blankets. "@CAPS4 Say hello to your new little sister," @PERSON1's mom said. Still clutching the brass handle, @PERSON1 pushed open the door with his left palm. The door groaned as @PERSON1 started placing the toes of his @CAPS7 luminous sneakers on the shag-colored rug in his parents' bedroom. He walked cautiously to the foot of the parents' bed where his father was sitting. He stood in front of his father with wide eyes. "@CAPS5 was born less than an hour ago," his father said. @PERSON1 then looked at a pile of pink blankets. He stretched out his wet hands nervously, gently squeezed the top layer of the quilt, and uncovered his sister's face. Except for the wind outside, everything was quiet. Inch by inch, he slowly began to lift the top blanket; however, before @PERSON1 could finish the task, the newborn baby let out an astonishing exhalation. @PERSON1 jerks back and slams against the bedroom door. His dad jumped for @PERSON1's reaction, but was careful not to wake the baby. @PERSON1 feels like my heart is about to jump out of my chest. His eyes widened, panting at his mother. To @PERSON1's surprise, he found his mother funny. The corners of the moth's mouth began to lift, and a slight giggling sounded. Soon both parents were in hypnotic laughter; their bodies shivered rhythmically. @PERSON1 started to relax and smiled at the mom. "@CAPS6 @CAPS5 scare you?" @CAPS5 asked. His father interrupted, I think so! "For the next five minutes, all three of them laughed, the midwife just smiled, and the baby fell asleep in his father's strong arms. @PERSON1 could feel the overwhelming essence of reality hitting him; just as the wind was blowing He missed her when he had brown hair. He cried for her. He hoped @CAPS5 would win the fierce battle between the human body and cancer; however, @CAPS5 no Now @CAPS5 is gone and he will never be at @CAPS5 LOCATION2 saw his mom. This memory, while successful in bringing him grief, failed to push @PERSON1 into depression. Instead, he suddenly remembered an old saying: "Laughter is the shortest. distance between two people. "@CAPS7 Then @PERSON1 suddenly realized how close he is to his dear mother. He has eight years of memories with his mother, many of which are accompanied by laughter. @PERSON1 tilts head to the sun for tears of joy Down his face. Now he understands that love never depends on time. Granted, the time he knew his mother was only a small part of his life. However, the memories left and the laughter shared still continued with his mother's Love devours @PERSON1. In my opinion, @PERSON1 is classed as a great individual. Since I am his only full sister, he will always tell me his past memories with our mother. I love her and miss her, But I know that one day I will see her again; when I do, we will be bound by joy and laughter.
I'm selling some cookie dough to school and I want to go to this old man's house. I went through a loophole deal to raise money for my school and he said he wasn't interested. After that we started talking and I started making him laugh and at the end he said "you make me laugh, I like it and I will buy some". I think laughter played a key role in his purchase of cookie dough.
We all know the benefits of laughter. I believe laughter is an important part of life that everyone should experience. I remember the happiest time when my family and I went to @ORGANIZATION1 at @LOCATION3. It all started with @DATE1. We were opening our present when my @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 told me and my siblings that they had the last gift for us, but it was a surprise; in order to know what it was, we had to find it. So they tell us as a hint, that's where we sleep. As soon as they told us, I knew where to look, our bedroom. So we ran up the stairs to our bedroom and looked around. To our delight, sitting on our nightstands, four packs of information about @ORGANIZATION1. We are very excited and happy. My little sister said it was the best @DATE1 gift ever. We ran down the stairs, hugged @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, and told them they were the best @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 ever. What makes it even better is that we will miss school. Then we found out that the trip was scheduled for @DATE2 month. So we had to wait four months. Those four months were the longest four months of my life. Four months later, it was finally time to go. We had to wake up around @NUM1 as our plane was scheduled to leave at @TIME1. Before we leave home, I ask my @CAPS1 if I can take my @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 with me so I don't get bored on the plane. She told me I could, as long as I shared it with my little brother. Once we finally got out of the house, I started to feel like I had butterflies in my stomach. I guess it's because something interesting and exciting is about to happen to me. It was @NUM2 when we got to the airport, so we were about an hour and fifty-five minutes before the plane took off. Luckily I have my @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Since my brother is only six and he gets bored easily, I let him play my @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 until we have to board. When it was finally time for boarding, one of my sisters had to use the restroom. My @CAPS1 ended up taking her and my @CAPS2 boarded with us. My other sister doesn't like that my @CAPS1 hasn't been on the plane with us yet. So my @CAPS2 told me to put my brother and sister in their seats while he went to my @CAPS1 and sister. Five minutes later, they were all back, and just in time. The plane has just finished refueling and we are on our way to the runway. One of my favorite parts of being on a plane is that it zips down the runway at incredible speed. When we finally got the speed we needed, we took to the air and my stomach felt like it was in the open air. My brother held my hand so tightly that his little knuckles turned white. It gave me the impression that he was scared, so I told him to imagine it as a very fast car that would go over bumps. This seemed to help a lot, as he started laughing as the plane left the ground. He said it was fun and wanted to do it again. I reminded him that once we get to @ORGANIZATION1 we will continue with all the rides we want. Three hours later, we arrive at @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3. After getting off the plane, we went to the baggage claim area to pick up our luggage. My @CAPS2 to check the arrival time of the next @CAPS11 @CAPS12. When he returns, @CAPS12 is on his way. @CAPS12 is blue with @CAPS11 characters. The driver showed us a lot of cool things and places. The @CAPS15 where we live is called @CAPS14 @CAPS15. It has a huge pool shaped like a guitar. Once we settled in, we went to @LOCATION1. It was really funny because my sisters and I got autographs and pictures of all the @CAPS11 characters. My favorite is @CAPS17 because he reminds me of myself. We had to spend about three hours in the park when we started getting hungry, so we left and went back to @CAPS15. After dinner, we went down to the pool for a swim. It seems to be more fun than @ORGANIZATION1 because during the week we were there we spent more time laughing and swimming by the pool than actually at @LOCATION1. It was the best time of my life, all thanks to my parents. I love them very much. thank you.
My best friend and I have been friends since third grade. We shared many laughter, memories and tears, but to this day we are still closer than ever. One of the key reasons we've been friends for so long is that we make each other laugh. We joke, we turn boring time into good time. Here's the story of how our relationship developed, and some of the reasons we're still best friends. It starts in third grade. When she asked me to play with her, I was walking the playground alone, with nothing to do, and I agreed. We played the entire break and we ended up spending the break together. When she invited me to her house for the first time, I was a little nervous. I'm worried it will be awkward or we won't have a good time. After school at her house, we went to her room, played video games for a while, and then had a snack. We took the cookies to her room, sat on the floor, and started eating. Out of nowhere we just looked at each other and we started laughing wildly. They weren't giggling either, we laughed so hard we were in tears. From that day on, we went out and played as much as possible. Years passed and we hung out a lot and declared ourselves best friends. When fifth grade came, we were glued to our hips. Her dad was our teacher, so he already knew how close we were. We never actually sat down together, but we still managed to chat a lot. One day recess, we joked, she said your butt was so big you would break the chair. It doesn't look that much fun these days, but in fifth grade it was fun. When we went in and played this math game, I got it wrong, so I slumped on the chair and sure enough, it broke. The other kids who heard her laughed, but no one laughed as much as the two of us did. Fifth grade is also when boys start to appear. During @DATE1's break, she really liked this guy and she totally broke down when he said he didn't like her. She came to talk to me about it that night, but we didn't talk at all. Instead, we watch funny movies and I do things on purpose to make her laugh. Although we were already close, that night brought us even closer. At the end of fifth grade, we had a small graduation ceremony. Finally, they put up a slideshow of everyone in the fifth-grade class. One of the pics is of @PERSON1 and me wearing a mud mask, we were all embarrassed, but we laughed too, because we had so much fun that night, and we wondered how this photo ended up on the slideshow. @PERSON1 and I threw a party after the ceremony. We shared a lot of laughs and it brought us closer, and even though we made new friends that night, our bond remained unbreakable. Middle school is a whole new experience. New friends, different classes, and more drama. I hate to say that, but we were separated for those three years. We didn't have the same classes, we all made new friends, but every time I went to her house, or every time we went out to play, we would laugh and cry and gasp. A lot has happened, our different friends have had arguments, and some have been moved, but our ability to make each other laugh has kept us in the same boat. Towards the end of our middle school life, we became closer again and everything was back to normal. Today @PERSON1 and I are as close as we were in fifth grade, if not closer. When we are together, we not only make ourselves laugh, but also make other people laugh. We're together almost every weekend, we @MONTH1 don't do much, but we're always laughing like crazy. Come on, we also spend more time together. Other things in our relationship are important too, like trust, loyalty, and kindness, but laughter is what keeps us together through everything we go through. Laughter is also what made us friends in the first place, and I'm happy to call her my best friend. My life would be boring without her and I hope we can be friends for life. Laughter brings people together and makes relationships stronger. This is an example of how it has helped me and my best friend be friends and remain friends in everything life throws at us.
Don't speak, laugh. I love @CAPS11 little brother. The way we act is @NUM1 years apart from @CAPS7 and @CAPS3 thinks we are twins. @CAPS7 @CAPS5 No matter how close we are, we are still brothers and sisters and we still fight. Usually they're just little fights we get over in seconds, @CAPS7 it's one that @CAPS4 can't back down. I beat him in @CAPS1 tennis. It was a warm afternoon @CAPS14 and my brother @CAPS11 just got back from school. Before our homework, we usually relax by playing @CAPS1 and challenging each other. "@CAPS3 duped." @CAPS4 said firmly. "@CAPS5 I don't!" I came to my senses. I can tell @CAPS4 is very upset about this, @CAPS7 I don't care. I'm not going to let him win this game. "@CAPS6 Yes, @CAPS3 does. @CAPS3 always does! @CAPS14 is not fair." "@CAPS7 I didn't this time." @CAPS4 is telling the truth. Sometimes I cheat by distracting him in the game, @CAPS7 I win. "@CAPS3 is just mad because @CAPS3 lost. Get over yourself and take @CAPS14 like a man." That's what I'm all about getting him to throw away his controller and run upstairs crying. "@CAPS6! What did @CAPS3 do to your brother?" @CAPS11 mom yelled. "@CAPS4 beat him in a game and now @CAPS4 is crazy." I know @CAPS4 will do that. @CAPS17 and report me to @CAPS11 mom, hope she can save him and get me in trouble. "@CAPS13 @CAPS14 is just a game. @CAPS3 can't win every time." "@CAPS14 is not fair!" @CAPS4 said before closing the door to his room. Sweet, sweet victory. I like when I win. @CAPS14 makes me feel superior. @CAPS7 Of course the little guilt that made your brother cry came in, so I went to @CAPS17 to apologise. "@CAPS13?" I knocked on his door. "I'm sorry to make @CAPS3 cry. @CAPS14 is just a game. @CAPS3 won some, @CAPS3 lost some. Don't be mad." I offer the most heartfelt apology I can think of at this moment. "@CAPS17 gone. I don't want to talk to @CAPS3." @CAPS17 gone? ! I went all the way upstairs to tell him I'm sorry for something I don't even need to say sorry and @CAPS4 told me to leave @CAPS17? Oh @CAPS5. @CAPS5. @CAPS5. @CAPS5. @CAPS11 might say "@CAPS19." after dealing with what just happened. I am leaving. The rest of the day continues. We passed each other many times without even acknowledging each other. I can't believe @CAPS4 is so upset with @CAPS14. @CAPS14 Probably one of the longest periods when @CAPS4 didn't choose to talk to me. I'm starting to feel bad and even sad that @CAPS4 didn't speak to me. I decided to try and talk to him again. The only problem is that @CAPS4 is downstairs playing @CAPS1 again and I'm upstairs this time. I came out of room @CAPS11 and started walking down the stairs. @CAPS4 can hear me coming, so @CAPS4 turned down the volume on @CAPS21. "@CAPS13 listen up. @CAPS3 really won't talk to me in game?" @CAPS23! Suddenly, I slid down the stairs. "@CAPS24!" @CAPS4 is mocking me ! I landed at the bottom of the stairs and started laughing too. We are both laughing! That's all we need to start the conversation again. Just a small smile.
Laugh Why is it so hard for people to laugh? Is laughter the healthy thing you should have on your health chart? Here are some questions you might ask yourself. But when you think about yourself, you probably think about how much you and your family laugh together at the dinner table or in the family room, as long as you can hear the laughter coming from your mouth. Whatever you laugh at, it can be one of your family members telling a joke, or even a funny show or funny commercial. It's okay as long as you laugh. In my opinion, laughter is a very important part of your life. If you don't laugh, then you must be a very serious person, or you may even think the world is a very boring place. Some I really can't imagine a person who never smiles in their life. Some examples of people who don't really laugh anymore could be someone who has lost someone close, or just has no one to tell jokes, in my opinion you have to have someone to share stuff, or when you're in a really bad mood. I always remember my mom telling my little brother and I to plant seeds quietly because one day we'll be talking at the family table. I went to school the other day and I had a health class and it was weird because the teacher was talking about how we should share things at the dinner table and there was some laughter. So when I got home, I told my mom everything the teacher taught us in health class. She said ok, we tried it. It was a really good experience, we were laughing and telling jokes all the time and we've been telling jokes at the family table since then. It does give you some energy at times, but at the same time, if you laugh too much, your stomach will eventually start to hurt. Like I told you in the first paragraph you can laugh in many different ways for example if you watch a comedy show my very good idea is @PERSON1 this show always breaks me and sometimes my mom Think I'm crazy. Or former family @CAPS1, if you're really in a bad mood, what a great show. Another way to make people laugh is to tell a joke, have a knock on the door, and guess what joke I am. But one way you can actually make someone actually laugh is tikling, it always works, you can't make someone laugh forever. It's really weird that Ysser always has someone do it for you because I know you can't do it to yourself, or let @CAPS2 see who laughs at the first match. It won't help you solve your problems all the time, but it will make you feel better and really make you forget the bad things for a while. I've heard that if you laugh a lot, you live longer, so I think it does help you out.
During @DATE1 I decided to join @ORGANIZATION2, I raised a market pig and decided to sell it on @LOCATION1. Raising pigs is time-consuming and labor-intensive. I wouldn't be able to do this without patience, great teachers and fun. @DATE1 I had some great experiences, some of them not great. This is my first time with @ORGANIZATION2 and my first time raising pigs. I never thought I would have so many awkward moments. An awkward but funny moment happened when my friend @ORGANIZATION1 and I were shoveling pig manure. This is also the first time @ORGANIZATION1 has participated in @ORGANIZATION2 pig raising. @ORGANIZATION1 and I just want to get our work done quickly so we can go home and shower. Turns out I was in a hurry. My boots got stuck in the dirt and poo and I lost my balance and I tried to grab myself with the shovel but it was too late. I was covered in pig manure and dirt from head to toe and I fell in. @ORGANIZATION1 and I looked at each other for two minutes, but only for about six seconds, and then we burst out laughing. After our laughter was under control, she helped me out of bed and we went to our agriculture teacher @PERSON1. When @PERSON1 saw that my once blue pants were now brown, he couldn't help laughing at me. He pulled out his camera and took some pretty embarrassing pictures of me and others that made me and everyone else smile. After all the jokes, laughs and photos, @PERSON1 sent me some old clothes to ride home. I had to roll down the windows because the car stinks. When I got home, I went straight to the shower. This is an experience I will never forget. If I didn't have friends around, I don't think I would consider the experience to be positive and fun. I've had some really fun memories from @DATE1 pig farming because @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 were there to help me and laugh with me. Without the laughter, it could be a bit negative, and I could be angry, embarrassed, or sad. Laughter is an important part of an active and healthy lifestyle.
Some people say that laughter is the best medicine. I very much agree with these people because I believe that any funny situation with laughter can put anyone in a better mood. Taking the time to laugh at something or yourself is something everyone should do. It's really worth spending quality time with friends and family and laughing with them. I've been in a few situations full of laughter. @CAPS2 I'm glad. Two of my best friends, @PERSON2@NUM1, and I, well, let's say there's almost no time when we're together without laughter. I've lost count of the many times we've laughed at ourselves and each other. It was amazing to have these two good friends laughing together. There were so many times we laughed at each other and I didn't even know where to start. At one point we were both at @ORGANIZATION1's house and we were playing hide and seek in her backyard. It's my turn to be a seeker. I went out of the house after counting to @NUM2. When I searched the yard I ended up finding everyone except @PERSON2. When I wondered what was going on in the yard looking for her, other people started helping me find her. We can hear her laughter coming from somewhere, but we don't know where. She started saying things like "@CAPS1 here!" Or "@CAPS2 way!". After being frustrated and giving up, she finally exposed herself...on the roof of her house! We all laughed so hard we didn't even know how she got up in the first place. Another time we went for pizza for my @NUM3 birthday party. We walked into the game room with money ready to play. We told ourselves to avoid claw machines because we knew we didn't want to stop and waste all our money. But of course @ORGANIZATION2 only has to try it once. Next thing we know we're using all our money to try and win the @CAPS2 competition. Each of us ended up winning something, screaming, cheering and laughing hysterically like kindergarteners. We've also played @CAPS2 racing games at least 10 times, and we're running out of games. So to ease our boredom, we started playing racing games with our feet instead of our hands. It was a very interesting time. It is impossible for me to tell all these stories. This will take hours, days, or even weeks. But I can tell you that laughter is definitely an important part of our daily lives. I consider myself a very lucky person to have such good friends that laughter is so common to us. Not many people are lucky enough to have this opportunity. A little laughter can go a long way. So the next time you see someone who looks like they need a friend or they can have a good laugh, talk to them and try to be their friend and make them laugh. The result will be its own reward. Believe me.
I believe laughter and joy are the key things that bring family and friends together. Being able to be around people who make you laugh is a very valuable thing. Sometimes just sitting there telling old stories or playing board games can make your stomach hurt because you laughed so hard. Many people these days have become so focused on their lives that sometimes they forget to take a moment to smile. I feel sorry for these people because they miss out on the joy and inspiration they can share with those around them. Family holidays are always messy, at least in my family, but it always turns out to be an unforgettable experience in one way or another. Every winter our family gets together and goes to @ORGANIZATION1 to live in our cabin there. A long weekend full of food, hiking, snowball fights and family games is the perfect setting to inspire laughter. Every year we bring big family games like @LOCATION2, @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. My family and I tend to be very competitive people, and the volume in the room where the game is being played almost goes up to the roof. The whole house was filled with laughter and funny arguments like, "What the hell is a picture of a sock!" or "It's not fair, you know the actual definition!" I love these times because they're something you can keep forever recall. Laughter is part of happiness, and happiness needs to be part of life. Spend time with the people who make you laugh, and the people who are worth your time. People smarter than me say "life is too short". I'm starting to realize that this statement is true. If life is short, it should be spent in the best possible way; a moment full of laughter.
My boyfriend and I plan to go to the @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 show they put in @LOCATION1, or. He asked my mom if she would let me go to the market with him @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 and surprisingly my mom said "yes you can go" I was really excited because it would be our first time Together @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2. We were thinking about how it would be and we laughed because we were saying "what if we fell on the trip" but knew it wasn't going to actually happen. The day before @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I had everything ready for that day. I'm really excited and nervous because I've never ridden a bike like this, so I probably won't sleep until @NUM4 at @TIME1. @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 On @DATE1, I don't want to go to school, so my mom told me to go to the market instead of school. I woke up with a smile on my face because of everything going on in my head. I'm ready, my boyfriend @PERSON1 his brother and his sister are coming to pick me up and my friends around @TIME3. We drove to @CAPS9 station, parked the car and got the fare. After sitting on @CAPS9, we sat down and joked while taking pictures. They've just been laughing since we got into @CAPS9. I'm pretty sure the other passengers thought we were crazy. When we got off @CAPS9, it took about @NUM6 minutes to get to where the show was. We ran to the door to buy tickets. But not @NUM7 so they didn't open so we had to wait @NUM8 mins until they opened the door. Once we were in the lady was selling a card with tokens in it so we bought it and started the spider ride, it didn't look scary at first but it moved very fast so I slipped all over the place. @PERSON1 and his bro were laughing at me and my friend @ORGANIZATION2 because we were yelling, but after a few seconds I stopped yelling and I ended up laughing for no reason, I just laughed until I finally stopped and we got out of the car. After that ride, I didn't yell or look stupid in front of everyone else at the show, so we didn't get on the bike for a while until we saw the @ORGANIZATION3 wheels we were on. It was funny, but it moved a lot, so it reminded me of @PERSON1 and the "how funny it would be if we fell" I was talking about. So I held the pole in the middle and @PERSON1 they started laughing, so I let go and started laughing and made them make weird looks at me. After the ride we got out of the car and went to buy something to eat in their tent where they sell food, drinks and many other things at the market. We all got a soy cheese burrito, @ORGANIZATION1, churros and an elephant ear. Great, we want to buy more, but we don't have enough money. So we bought another elephant ear and I was the only one who actually finished eating it. So they started laughing because we said "if you could eat two elephant ears, you could probably eat an entire elephant" and I laughed and said "I bet I'm just playing, but these elephant ears It's really good, so I'll eat twenty elephant ears" They laughed and laughed, so I laughed with them too. After eating, we walked around the market to see the other tents they had. They are a tent to spray your name or whatever you want on a shirt or sweater. But the bad thing was we didn't have enough money for a sweater or rides so we just picked all the rides and if we had money left over we would go back and buy a sweater. Then we passed a photo booth and they took a picture of you dressed as if you were a pilgrim. I thought it was funny so I started laughing and my friends started laughing because they didn't know what I was laughing at until I told them. Then they started laughing harder. We were on the last four rides around @TIME2 we had to leave so we left to wait for @CAPS9. While we were waiting for @CAPS9, two security guards rode their two horses, I thought it was weird to see horses in town and we started laughing. We got on @CAPS9, took a few pictures and headed home.
Laughter: Among the various emotions a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 human expresses, there are emotions that represent different qualities. While frowning @MONTH1 is associated with unhappiness, anger, and even confusion, laughter is an act that encompasses primarily one emotion - happiness. Although emotion is a relative aspect of human nature, behaviors such as laughter exist to transcribe emotions such as happiness into physiological expressions that humans can understand. Because of this unique behavioral quality, laughter is often a key factor in developing relationships. Over the years, I've found that laughter is crucial for three different reasons - laughter is inseparable, it's a common ability for all members of the human race, and it lowers personal barriers. In many ways, "laughter is the shortest distance between two people"; an example of laughter is @CAPS1 anecdote. Unlike emotions like jealousy, anger, or sadness, happiness is an emotion that doesn't separate. While jealousy, anger, and sadness can lead to dissatisfaction among people to the point of physically and emotionally separating them from each other, happiness does not. Happiness is good for laughter, and because of this, laughter brings people together rather than separates them. Aside from its engaging nature, laughter is also a @CAPS1 action. Generally speaking, laughter gives humans another point of equality. The ability to laugh is a quality shared by all humans. Even babies who are vulnerable and dependent can laugh. Laughter can also create a starting point for new relationships, because sharing laughter is similar to building common ground between people. Whether the common ground is a sense of humor, similar experiences, or surprise, sharing laughter automatically creates a connection between two or more people. Also, while laughter can start new relationships, it can also cement them. Often, because laughter is shared through shared experiences, there is a shared experience to laugh, which in itself symbolizes the relationship between people. Since laughter is primarily about relationships and interactions between people, it is also about building trust. Creating a bond between one person and another, no matter how weak, requires some form of trust. Laughter often lowers emotional barriers because it requires a sense of kinship and camaraderie. Through laughter, we humans are able to lower the concept of doubt or anxiety. As mentioned earlier, laughter builds common ground and is therefore an activity that exudes trust and reliability. Removing emotional barriers is another way that laughter can bring people closer together. Laughter is the @CAPS1 action that "anthropomorphizes" how similar the human members are. It is amazing how humans can discern qualities such as dependability and trustworthiness just by the complex and fundamental act of sharing laughter. Through laughter, people are subconsciously able to form an emotional connection with their human entity, and in doing so, are able to elevate the interaction to an emotional level. Laughter is the real story behind human relationships around the world. @CAPS1 Language is not just laughter, the intimate nature of laughter makes it the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter is an important part of any relationship. In some relationships without laughter, it won't end well, but some will, but others won't. I had a relationship where we didn't laugh that much and it ended quickly, but I found a girl who would laugh when we needed to make someone happy. My relationship with the most charming girl right now. We have a relationship with a lot of laughter. Sometimes we can have fun with each other, we try to make them happy, make them happy, make them feel good. Me and my girlfriend are enough. Now when we do stupid things in front of each other my friends and I can laugh at each other. We try to push each other to try stupid things so we can get some laughs in our lives when we don't have girlfriends and are bored. When everyone got together and asked about my friends and the girlfriends there, and me and my girlfriends. Sometimes someone says something silly and we start laughing, and sometimes we don't know why, but it's fun. Laughter is one of the best things in any relationship because it brings happiness to our lives. So try to get some laughter in your life. Thank you for reading this.
Snow glitters like sequins in the sun. @CAPS1 and I rushed to her bedroom window to get a better view. The ground is covered with a white blanket. Soon we strapped ourselves into air-restricted snow suits. She opened the wooden front door and the cold air stung my nose. @CAPS6 We rush into any @NUM1 grader's paradise. Both @CAPS1 and I have been through some rough times over the past few months. I've shielded myself from the fact that my muscular brown horse was recently killed by a huge bolt of lightning and a loud bang of thunder. @CAPS1 just learned her parents are getting a divorce. We shed tears that year as best friends, but all was forgotten when our legs hit the cold wet snow. We panicked and ran to her garage to find the sled. We were stopped by @CAPS1's short mom as we ran through the house to the back door. She refused to let us out until we finished our breakfast. We had a bowl of always delicious @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and had a great glass of juice. @CAPS6 We flew out the back door with the sled. Huge hills were waiting for us there. It slanted down at the perfect @NUM2 degree angle in just a few turns. The stakes and prickly blackberry bushes on our toboggan route laughed at us. As my eyes wander over the snowy road, I hear @CAPS1 shouting: "@CAPS5!" @CAPS6 I see her galloping down the slope. I grabbed my red racing sled and took off after her. I am approaching my first turn. It turns left like the beginning of a figure eight. I slid around the corner with ease and saw a snapshot of the stake sitting to my right. I looked up and saw the old pond at the foot of the mountain. The sun shines through the surrounding trees, dancing like moonlight on the ice. I approached my second bout confidently. I was spinning fast around the corner. I stared ahead to see @CAPS1's bright blue sled reach the finish line. It was then that my eyes caught a glimpse of her neighbor's bay horse, and all my happiness floated away. When I get lost in the thoughts of @LOCATION1, I also lose focus. My shoulders hit the snow like cement. My legs are knotted and I can feel my head pounding. The sled abandoned me. I rolled down the hill like an avalanche. Eventually, the kind hand of Blackberry Bush reached out and stopped me. Thorns pricked my neck. I carefully removed every thorn in my neck and retreated to the foot of the mountain on foot. By the time I got to my final destination, @CAPS1 was out of breath. Head buried in the snow, abs jumping up and down to the rhythm of laughter. She looked up at me, her bright green eyes and flushed pink cheeks telling me how stupid I was to roll down the hill. The last time she laughed, a giant snot bubble came out of her nostrils. She started to collapse and I fell to the ground in a burst of laughter. I can't look at her anymore. Every time I glanced in her direction, it got more interesting. Like she had done before, I stuck my head in the snow. Finally, when we got our hands on ourselves, we looked at each other. Our mascara is applied around our eyes and on our cheeks. We're either like clowns with bad makeup or odd-looking raccoons. Our laughter started to grow again, but soon faded away. We stood up together. We found my bright red sled by the frozen pond. "@CAPS9 is like a nice hike," I said. @CAPS6 We all started walking through the forest to retrieve it. I forgot everything when I shot down the mountain like a shooting star and she shot snot bubbles out of her nose like a rocket ship. It was the first time in months that we both felt lightened about our difficulties. Laughter is our greatest bond with each other. When I laugh, my brain shuts out the whole world. On snowy days, we now laugh and remember that cold @DATE2 day, but on that @DATE1 day, we laugh and forget.
My friend and I have an unmatched relationship. We do everything together and we always support each other. A key element in our relationship is laughter. If we don't laugh at each other, we're likely to be in each other's throats. We did a lot of things and it all ended up in giggles, but one particular thing happened that didn't seem humorous at first, but quickly became humorous as the event ended. The story starts at @TIME1 as I arrive at school for a 5 hour bus ride to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 for the wrestling match the next day. I slept a full @TIME1 hour and was woken up by my coach because someone spilled soda on the bus. We're almost at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 so I'm just turning on my @CAPS5 and listening to music the rest of the way. When we finally got to our @CAPS13 we were instructed to shed some extra pounds before dinner. After we finished our workout, we set off for a dinner that was overdue. I'm with my best friends @CAPS6 and @CAPS7 who have as much appetite as I do. We passed many fast food places but we didn't want any old burgers, we wanted the masterpiece known as @ORGANIZATION1. We heard there was an @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS8 agency somewhere in @CAPS1 @CAPS2, so we started heading to @ORGANIZATION1. We walked two miles down the highway and took a few random alleys we thought were shortcuts. I'm starting to feel like we should go back and do more searches around @CAPS13, but in my better judgment, we're struggling to get to what we think is amazing @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. We soon found ourselves in an unknown part of town. We walked as fast as we could to avoid awkward stares from people outside their houses and people wandering the streets. We try to make jokes to lighten the mood and help ease the pain of realizing we are tragically lost in @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Stupidly, we all forgot our phones at @CAPS13, so we have no way to ask for help. We started walking back the way we thought we were coming, but all we saw were older, weathered houses and completely unfamiliar buildings. We are all scared, but we mask our fears, hoping not to start panicking. We were all guessing that it was about nine-thirty and we had to be back before ten to go to bed. This makes us panic even more. Our minds are filled with images of the coach screaming at us with all his strength and then making us run five miles in agony. We started running frantically through the streets, hoping to see familiar scenes. Seeing nothing, after about ten more minutes of running, we regrouped and continued on our way. The fear that was once veiled is now clearly visible on all of our faces. We found a digital billboard showing the time and temperature. We only have ten minutes to get back to our @CAPS13 or we are doomed. We started running again, praying we would be back on time. As we ran, we came across a big @CAPS13. We didn't know the name of @CAPS13 where we lived, so we decided to ask the people inside if they knew where it was. The lady at the front desk told us we were at @CAPS13 @NUM1 but she just started her shift and didn't know where we could be. When we thanked her and walked out the door, we were greeted with a strong slap in the face. We turned around in shock to see our coach, blushing, pointing at his watch. We almost made it, just 1 minute late @TIME. After being scolded for a full 20 minutes, he sent us to our room to sleep and spent a long day in front of us. I was about to crawl into bed when I glanced at my bedroom window and saw what my heart longed for; amazing @ORGANIZATION1. My friends and I immediately burst into hysterical laughter. We got lost while searching for @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1's treasure, only to find it in our own backyard. We barely slept that night due to all the sarcastic laughter and thinking about what just happened. I've never let my teeth sink into one of those delicious and juicy @ORGANIZATION1, but we did have a very funny and ironic experience and I still laugh to this day.
Folded on @DATE1 Right around @DATE2, my two friends and I were outside on a quad bike laughing and having a great time. They were teaching me how to do a wheeled bike on a quad. Shortly after they started teaching me, I found that all I had to do was put all my weight on the rear end of the quad and let the throttle pop up so I could pop the front end up and I went from there. Well, as we were getting ready to head back home, a friend of mine thought that if we took a picture of one of us in front of the quad and the driver popped a wheelie, that would is very cool. For this, one of us is sitting in the front of the quad, one of us is sitting in the back of the quad, and one of us is driving. When we were all on the quad, the first thing we did was the driver pulled back on the back of the quad (the driver didn't need to slam the back of the quad hard because the people behind had extra weight) which in turn popped the front end. Then the person in the back jumped off and took a picture on their phone, and the person driving should brake and put the quad down. Luckily, I was the one who decided to sit on the front of the quad while my friend was on the bike. When he popped the wheel, he either pulled too far or pulled too hard. So I sat in front and it stayed in the air for about five seconds and then something terrible happened. The quad started leaning back so my friend jumped off and tried to grab it, so I had some time to jump off, however, I panicked and froze on the bar I grabbed. Then the whole quad was on top of me because my friend couldn't support me anymore. It knocked me to the ground, all @NUM1 lbs. Among others, it caused my shins to hit my face (I had a hard time getting my head over my knees, let alone my calves) and it hyperextended my back so much that I was lucky I didn't break it .It felt like my leg was bouncing off myself when it hit me to the ground, but it was really just my friend who pushed it away. After pushing my quad off, I lay there for @NUM2 minutes laughing in pain for some reason I can't remember. After I screamed, yelled and laughed in pain, I stood up and they drove me back to the house. When we got back there they handed me an ice pack and made me sit on the couch and I couldn't bend over so I could sit so I had to turn my back on the couch and basically fall on the couch. When I My back started to hurt badly while sitting there, so I figured it wouldn't hurt as much as I thought if I was lying flat on the floor. So I've been sleeping on the floor because that's the only way I can be comfortable. I woke up the next day in so much pain, it took me about two minutes to get off the floor and it was so painful. Shortly after waking up I called my parents and asked them to pick me up, I just got in the truck, my dad and I drove back to my house, I told my parents the whole story, and my mom got scared and went out thinking I was hurt So she took me to the doctor's office and he gave me a look and told me I just had to wait for my back to heal and then I went home.
Most people believe that laughter is a basic need for health, not only physically but socially as well. In a socially tense environment, it can be difficult to live up to the expectations of you, but if someone introduces laughter into the environment, it quickly becomes easier and you can fulfill the expectations of you. With this mindset, I walked into the conference room for the first time since @PERSON1 left. @PERSON1 is an advisor to @ORGANIZATION1, also known as @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON1 is the reason students from every school in @LOCATION1 have any say in what @ORGANIZATION1 does or accepts. She helped us express our opinions, which made her a hero to many high school students! Soon, @PERSON1's time as a consultant expired and she announced her departure. A few weeks have passed and she has found a new advisor to replace her, @PERSON2. I am a person who rejects change, but the other members are not. This particular change means a lot to them. They just want things to get back to normal. When I sat in my usual chair, the room seemed less homey, and I soon felt a sick feeling build up inside. I don't know who this woman is or what she's going to do. All I know is she's not @PERSON1 and she's not making the members of @ORGANIZATION2 happy. @PERSON2 slipped into the room with enthusiasm. She stood at the front of the room, smiling. The rest of the members leaned a little deeper into their chairs, as if protesting her presence. I thought to myself, she had no chance because I sat a little higher and started listening to what she had to say. She spoke in a pleasant tone and seemed to giggle with every word she said. While her posture evoked confidence, her giggles were nerve-wracking. As @ORGANIZATION2, we only have one way to do what we want. We must treat @PERSON2 as a friend, not an enemy. I immediately decided to reduce the dampness in the room by starting a name game. It's a fun activity to learn more about people and help @PERSON2 remember our name. @PERSON2 looks a lot easier after the game, so let's continue the meeting. With every second getting more serious, I propose to close the meeting for the week and then we spend the rest of the time talking about what happened that week and laughing. It made everyone laugh. As time passed by, the pressure in the room became less and less, until the room was filled with laughter. It's like @PERSON1 never left! Soon the party was over and we all went home. On my way out, @PERSON2 stopped me and told her before the meeting that she was nervous because she wasn't sure how everything was going. She thanked me for joining directly and helping lift the spirits of the members. This eventually led to acceptance of the changes and validity of @ORGANIZATION2. By the next meeting, members can't wait to go back to learn more about @PERSON2 and be able to focus more fully on the matter at hand. Laughter helped the members of @ORGANIZATION2 embrace what was beyond their control and ultimately led to the success we are today. Laughter is primarily the key to all success in the society we live in today. With laughter, anything is possible! While the laughter was only for that one meeting, it made the members more welcoming to @PERSON2's ideas and created lifelong friendships between our advisors and our members of @ORGANIZATION2. My relationship with @PERSON2 wouldn't be as strong as it is today if I hadn't shared the chance to laugh at @PERSON2's first @ORGANIZATION2 meeting.
@PERSON1 @CAPS2 needs laughter in a mother-daughter relationship. It's so important to connect with someone so important and close to @CAPS2. Overall, @CAPS2 needs laughter, it shows how @CAPS2 expresses itself and shows your character. This laughing experience was @DATE1 in my eighth grade year, so I'm @NUM1 or @NUM2. My family and family friends go on camping trips. So the day before we were going to leave, my mom, brother and myself went to camp. When we got to the campsite, we immediately started putting everything together and organized. It was fun, but it got dark quickly so we moved faster until it was completely done. On our way out we noticed we forgot what was in the truck so my mom stopped the truck and looked at me and asked, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are you going to drive now? Of course I didn't think much of it. I jumped out and got out of the truck and ran to the other side. All sorts of excitement ran through my body. When I got to the other side, I jumped straight into the driver's seat with a look on my face. Biggest smile. My mom gave me all the steps to turn on before starting the truck. Examples; seat belts, steering wheel, mirrors and adjusting seats. Family cars are gear levers so I'm a little nervous. I don't know how to shift gears and when to change gears. I've used the buzzing sound when I watch my mom and stepdad move, but that obviously doesn't help me. The first thing I have to @CAPS1 is start the truck because mom Turned it off before she got out of the car. I had to push the clutch all the way down and make sure it was in neutral. So I started this thinking about how cool I look now, average @NUM1 year old Ego. The on-going part is the worst! I probably crashed my truck about @NUM4 times before the tires were actually going at the constant speed they should be. My mom said, "15th is a charm". She Probably thought I was funny, but trust me, it wasn't a funny moment. I immediately gave her a nervous smile, which probably didn't make me feel better. So I started the truck again and started moving. I wasn't very fast Fast, more like turtle speed, but that's ok for me because I don't know what's going on. The truck is going too slow and it's not going anywhere, so I add a little gas. Going around the dumpster, About NUM4 miles per hour, still slow as ever. Camp is @NUM6 to @NUM7 miles away. It seems to take forever! We come to camp. I can tell because we have a sign marked @PERSON1 with an arrow pointing to Left. So I went left and saw all of our stuff. There was a river behind our camp and trees circled around us. So it's a closed area, except for one side. @CAPS2 can see the other side of the river , there are other people camping on the other side. It's good because they have kids my age. My mom pointed at me and said, let me go to the tent and the park. For an inexperienced driver, I was anxious and put my feet up Put on the throttle instead of rest so @NUM4 mph goes up to about @NUM9 in seconds. We're going so fast that I can't really react to what's going on. I can hear Only my brother was yelling in the back seat like a little girl spotted a spider. My mom grabbed the steering wheel as fast as she could as we were heading towards the river and were about to make a quick visit to the people on the opposite side .. We didn't go in that direction, but got into a pick-nick table and shoved it on to another table and landed directly on a third table. We were at least @NUM10 feet off the ground, to a Pile on the broken table. My adrenaline rush, I'm pretty sure the passengers too. We all got out of the truck, stopped and stared at this situation for a good @NUM11 minutes before we started laughing. We all headed towards Looking across the river, they saw their whole family staring at us and laughing. My mom watched them for a few seconds, then looked at us and said, "@CAPS2 y'all can come and make a fire later!"
Cool nights, @DATE1 nights, not too cold, but definitely not the muggy temps that @DATE2 brings you. This is the type of weather @NUM1 degrees that will allow you to wear jeans and a T-shirt and still be comfortable. The air hugs my skin as I walk down the path to my friend's front door. I knew the stars overhead were hanging in the sky, but I didn't notice them. Inside the house, I knew my two best friends were waiting for me. I also know they could be mad at me. Why, I don't know. I do know that when I left school that day, my gut told me that something was wrong. On the way home, a churning in my stomach prompts me to look back as I get farther and farther from them. When I did, they all stared at me with expressions I couldn't (or didn't want to) put on their faces. All of this makes my heart pound hard on my chest every now and then with the tension. However, I pretended that everything was fine. "As far as I know," I told myself, "it might be so, but I overreacted." I knocked on the white-painted wooden door, stared at the maroon side panels, and waited for an answer. My friend @LOCATION1 opened the door. From somewhere inside, I could hear my other friend @PERSON1 laughing. I knew I was missing something, and the laughter explained it to me when I walked in. There is a hollow feeling in my chest. I want to know what am I missing. I hate not knowing. Emotions were churning through my body and my head was a mess I couldn't understand. I gently push open @LOCATION1's bedroom door with my fingertips. As usual, the turquoise walls and the music from the radio station jumped out to greet me. @PERSON1 was laughing and dancing to the music but when she saw me she stopped and stared at me. The moment seems to stretch and expand over time. I felt my alertness rise. If she's angry, that's fine. I did nothing wrong and I will keep my innocence. That moment stretched to the point where I thought it might break, and then @CAPS1 hugged me completely by surprise, but filled me with a sense of right because I knew I didn't do anything wrong. It felt like everything seemed normal, and then @PERSON1 explained my intuition that day as I walked home from school. I was accused of not putting any work into the reading project. This accusation shocked me and blew my self-esteem. Instead, a slight anger boiled over and I just stepped out the door and into the cool night. I heard my friend shout my name and follow me down the street, but I keep walking. I tell myself it's out of anger, but @DATE3 I know it's for spectacle. The footsteps behind him suddenly accelerated. I looked back and saw @PERSON1 running towards me. Against my will, I let out a high-pitched scream and started running, my feet on the concrete pavement. I feel determination running through my veins. I'll walk all the way home in the dark to make my point. @PERSON1 caught up to me and tried to pull me back into the house, but I resisted with all my might. I knew I couldn't get out of her grip, and out of sheer stubbornness, I put my ass on the side of the road and refused to budge. I realized I had only passed two houses. The friends looked at each other, took me by the arms and legs, picked me up, and walked towards the house. I caught the anger slipping from my hands. I want to stay angry, but I can't. I started laughing and I still felt any tension surrounding me rise and fly away. With a smile from ear to ear, my good feelings returned gracefully to my mind. They put me in the middle of the road. I looked up, admiring the stars I had missed before, winking at me from above. The last laugh is still in the air, whispering to me that everything will be alright.
I was in grade @NUM1; when it was almost the last day of school, so starting middle school was the worst years of my life. I was reminded of my brother's pranks he did in middle school, the funniest of which was the fire alarm prank. He kept telling me this story, and he did it many times and got away with it. I knew I should at least try it because it was my last year in middle school and I should try it. Hmm @NUM2 days before school I took the lighter with me, I went to the girls' restroom, and I noticed there was a siren on the top of the roof, so I stood on the top sink and turned on the lighter, waving it white round fire alarm, and as soon as I knew , it rang. My friend stayed with me while I was thinking about it and told her before I did what I was going to do at the time, so she knew what I was going to do. But anyway, back to what happened... we all went out and my friends and I laughed so hard that everyone looked at us with weird faces, but then we told our closest Friends of what I did, they all broke down and even some of the lower grades were interested in it, but that's because they were around us and it didn't end up being pretty. It was the last period, when I was in computer class, my vice-principal came to pick me up and took me to her room, she asked if I was the one who turned off the fire alarm, I was like no, and then asked me Or say no. In the end she told me that when I did whatever I was doing, it went away; I noticed was there anyone in the booth at the time? I said no and she told me there were two people there and one of them told me. So in the end I got in big trouble on probation, went to the fire department to apologize for what I did, how much time they spent working on school fires, and then whole community service @DATE1, barely able to attend @DATE1 that let me down DATE2 course. I do regret doing what I did because I think about it all now, it was a childish and stupid thing. For some reason this was the funniest moment of my life and I will forever hold it as one of my @NUM3 favorite memories and moments of any school year. true story.
My story about laughter will be a true story about me. This story is about my visit to the doctor. The sports I love to play have always been and always will be. I've been playing football for about @NUM1 years and I've never been injured except for one practice session. It's at level @NUM2. My football team always has batting drills once a week. Drills are called trucks and trailers. It's where you have @NUM3 people. Two on offense, two on defense. The two on offense try to score, and the two on defense try to stop them. Of course, I was stuck on the run, not to mention the worst guy on the team blocked for me. This kid can't do anything on the football field but keep the bench warm. Two of the biggest and best hitters were defending trying to kill me. I know this is going to be bad. All I could do was run fast, so I did. My coach (my dad) plays and I take off. Soon they caught up to me and pulled me off my feet. One goes up and the other goes down. I fell to the ground and stayed down. I heard my teammates start screaming. I thought it was because I "cracked". I was wrong. I sit up and my knee hurts a bit. I looked at it and it looked like rubber. My leg was pointing in the opposite direction from where it was supposed to go. Only four have seen such a brake on tv and youtube. My dad also called @NUM4 without hesitation. @NUM5 minutes later the ambulance came to the scene. They came to the scene and put me on a stretcher. My team is not the only one using that venue. About @NUM5 other teams practice at the same time. All eyes are on me. And my legs. The other teams don't know what happened, except that they had a big ice cube in my private area. All my friends think I hurt my man. It's embarrassing and funny. They still make fun of me when they both find out it's my leg. I had horrible nicknames for a long time. It's not fun for me, especially not funny. But all my friends thought it was hilarious.
Being on a team doesn't always mean everyone is best friends. Most of the time, you really can't get along with the people on your team. This is the case with @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @LOCATION4) @CAPS3 to which I belong. Everything changed after we went to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1 of @ORGANIZATION2. It's late and the twelve members of @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS3 are shuffling into @LOCATION2 for check-in. Everyone was chatting in their group of friends, anxiously waiting to leave @ORGANIZATION4 for our eight day trip. Each group doesn't always get along well with the people in the other group (even though we're a team), the others get along just fine with everyone, they just have their close friends who stick together. The mood that night varied greatly between human conflict, tension and excitement. When our plane finally landed at @LOCATION1, everyone was exhausted, but once again everyone split into their own groups and we passed @LOCATION1. @CAPS5 We walked through @LOCATION2 to baggage claim and I started to wonder, "@CAPS4 are we all together and one team, but we split ourselves into different teams, everyone noticed, but it didn't change? "@CAPS5 I'm thinking about the idea of us heading to the rental vehicle and loading up everything and starting the day. After a long day of flying and exploring the city center of @LOCATION1, we finally checked into the hotel. @CAPS5 We checked in and everyone was separated from their group of friends who shared their room with them. Later that evening, a few of our very close friends went outside to hang out by the campfire at the hotel where we were staying. @CAPS5 We sat there talking and laughing and having a great time, for a while we just sat there in silence and I went on to ask them for my thoughts on @LOCATION2. The responses I got from everyone were blank stares and shifts in conversation. The next morning came early, we went to have breakfast and set off for a day of sightseeing. Of the three places we were touring that day, the first place we went was @ORGANIZATION1. At @ORGANIZATION1, our @CAPS3 faced our first team building/connection event. At first, the tasks we completed for each other were difficult for everyone, but we all slowly started having a good time, laughing and trying to accomplish what we needed. After the event, everyone began to slowly mingle with people outside the normal group. Later the same day, we had a second team building/connection activity. After we did that activity, everyone felt less nervous, even less so than after the morning activity. The next day we did two more team building/connecting events. Every time we have an event, everyone starts to connect more and more, and every time there is more laughter. We also started spending more @CAPS5 and the whole @CAPS3 and had better fun and laugh-filled adventure hours. As we all headed to @LOCATION2 to fly back to @LOCATION3, everyone was hanging out and there was no conflict. After the @CAPS5 plane took off, I realized @CAPS4 it all came to me before there were so many conflicts and everyone was divided into different groups. I realize we've always had a "business-like" relationship where we've never had a chance to laugh, have fun, connect and get to know each other. Once we take the time to allow all of these things, we learn who each person is and develop friendships.
They say "laughing is the shortest distance between two people" and I totally agree. You can't have a relationship or a friendship with someone without sharing a laugh with them. It keeps things going between each other and makes both parties happy. If there is no laughter between the two, the connection will be harder to make. I have a best friend and her name is @CAPS1. We've been best friends since the day we found out our birthdays were the same. But for us, it means we are twin sisters.
LOL @CAPS1 Do you remember when you could get breathless laughing? Or when you start crying because you are laughing? I'm always with my best friend @PERSON1 when I start laughing. We sometimes even when things are not funny. We smirk at everything. Memories, the future, and even just looking at each other we all laughed. Your name, we've laughed. @PERSON1 and I almost always laugh together. From the first time we met in seventh grade to now my freshman year, we have never stopped. She was in my sixth class and we sat together. After the first few minutes of our conversation, we all knew there would be some benefits. So of course, from that moment on, we have to be best friends. I can't find a better friend than her. She is the best. All our free time is spent together. Even when we are busy, we are still together. @PERSON1 and I are together basically every night. We would be camping in my backyard, or cycling around town. I will go swimming with her family. She's going to @LOCATION1 with us. Both of our families will go to @CAPS1 together. We did all kinds of things together. No matter what we always laugh at. Growing up can be pretty hard for anyone at times. @PERSON1 I am no exception. After a bad day, you know you can find us talking to each other on the phone. We can talk for hours and hours about the smallest things. I think we've been talking for three hours before we talk about what to wear the next day. Never hang up until one of us has been told to hang up. When I said, we hung up on completely different outlooks on life, I thought I could speak for both of us. Even on our worst days, we still laugh. I don't think I would never have been able to grow without her. @PERSON1 is a huge part of my life. Without her, I am nothing. @PERSON1 and I @CAPS1 don't go to the same school anymore, but that still doesn't stop us from laughing. If you've ever had a friend as close as @PERSON1 was to me, you know how great it feels to be close to someone. Think of that never-ending laughter. I am a firm believer in my whole existence and it is one of the best feelings in the world. @PERSON1, I never stop, why should I let anyone else. Without laughter, we wouldn't be as close as we are today. The world would not be what it is today without laughter. So find a friend and start laughing. You will see how wonderful it is to laugh with others. I promise.
Isn't it funny how a laugh can change a mood, a mood, like a person's expression, making a person laugh out of nowhere, just because it's outrageous, or the laughter they hear sounds funny? I've personally gone through all these stages of what I like to call the contagious laughter circle. In the past, I've been cheered up by laughter and heard other people laugh. Sometimes even I cheer others up by making them laugh or laughing at @CAPS3's own humorless jokes. It felt good to laugh, and at the end of @CAPS3's enduring giggle, I was refreshed for using all the @CAPS3 friends picked me to be our group's clown. They all think I'm this hilarious joke pop (I pop all of these funny jokes) I personally don't think I'm that funny, but for some reason just making them laugh makes me laugh too. This is a joke I made up myself to cheer up @CAPS3's friend @LOCATION2. This made everyone fall to the ground laughing. It's about walking through the store and seeing moms of different nationalities with their kids. Every mother treats her baby differently. Finally, I recount how this African-American mother yelled at her child to shut her up. I used a dirty word, but it doesn't fit this post. you understood. Anyway @CAPS3 friends still ask me to tell them that joke to this day and they always laugh as loudly as I told them the first time. There's always someone in your life who's totally obsessed with the laughter out there, just because you like the sound of it. I personally fell in love with @CAPS3 boyfreinds' laughter which is why he is so cute in my opinion. The first time we met, he was teasing his cousin @CAPS1 in a park in @LOCATION1. My friend @PERSON1 from @CAPS3 was in the trailer park where her dad lived. Malikye's (@CAPS3 boyfriend) laugh makes me want to scream "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4!" So funny. I want to run over and scratch him to death so he can't stop laughing. Most people who knew him hated his laugh and thought it was annoying. He even hated his own laughter. I don't know why, but I'm addicted. It's funny how even hearing other people's laughter can make you feel for them. Laughing shows not only your voice, but also your personality and character. Laughter is important in life. It shows a lot of information about a person and helps a lot of people. I love to laugh. People should be full of laughter because without it the world would be a dull and unhappy place. I don't know anyone would want that. Possibly evil @CAPS5, but he even has a wicked laugh that shows his character...
My father was a ruthless man. The only time he smiles is when drinking beer or with friends. Last time @DATE1 when we got a call from mt @CAPS3 cousin @PERSON1 we were at my grandparents house for a family BBQ and she told us that my @CAPS1 was in my aunt's will and we received a few days ago A phone call said aunt @PERSON2 died. My grandpa thought he would be in the will, but he didn't. Two weeks later, my @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and I went to @LOCATION2 for my aunt's funeral. When we got to @LOCATION2, we drove to the upper peninsula. Turns out we're going to a small island on the lake @LOCATION3 called @LOCATION1 Island. Then, when we arrived at my @CAPS3 cousin @PERSON1's home, she took us through the will. My @CAPS1 got @NUM1 acres, @NUM2 acres of forest, @NUM3 acres of grass and @NUM3 acres of 2 bedroom house, barn and smoke shed.
When I was fifteen, I was very eager to get my license. I didn't study for this, but I thought to myself, how hard is this? The first time I went to take the test was with my best friend @PERSON1. @PERSON1 has already taken the exam once and failed, so she tried again. We arrived at @ORGANIZATION1 on time at @NUM1. I sat there anxiously waiting for my exam, and that's when they called my number. The ladies at @ORGANIZATION1 were nice to me, she said "I just need your birth certificate, social security, and proof of enrollment" and I handed her the envelope with all of that in it. She gave me permission to take the test and I sat in front of computer number six. I'm not nervous at all, I wonder how I can get past this. When the exam started, there were a lot of questions that I didn't know about, like motorcycles, left turns, and animals on the road. I finished the test with @PERCENT1 I just had to get @PERCENT2 to pass and I'm so frustrated I failed. @PERSON1 But passed her test, I'm happy for her, I congratulate her, but I'm still somewhat jealous of her. My @CAPS2 and @PERSON1 told me "It's okay, you'll get it next time!" @CAPS1 They were wrong. I was supposed to be one of the first of my group of friends to get permission. I didn't know all my other friends would get it before me. It seems like every week a friend of mine gets their permission and then lets me give up. I was very frustrated and sad about it because in a way I felt like a failure, but I was determined to get my permission no matter how many times it took me. I went back @DATE1 after taking the licensing exam the first time I failed the exam again, I failed the second time. I went back five more times and I failed the license exam five times. My @CAPS2 and I drove back the morning after the failure and I'm very sad because I'm going to have to wait a whole month again to get it. That's when my @CAPS2 just started laughing hysterically at me. I'm confused why she does this. She told me "Sometimes you just need to relax in certain situations and learn that it's okay to not always get things done when your first life is just sticking to things and having fun?" I realized she is absolutely correct, then I stopped berating myself for not getting a license. I laughed hysterically and the rest of the car went home. I don't mind if I don't pass because I know as long as I relax and study, I'll get it. I'm going back to take the exam again next month. I went through all the steps in @ORGANIZATION1 again, waited for them to call my number, then gave my information to the ladies, and I sat down at the computer. This time I got @PERCENT3! I'm excited and glad I passed, and am amazed that my @CAPS2 suggestion worked. I drove home from the store with my @CAPS2 on @DATE1. I'm not the best driver I think because it's only my first day and as I pulled into the driveway she yelled at me to slow down and hit the brakes. Mistaking the gas for a break, I ran through the garage door. Surprisingly, she started laughing, which made me laugh. Instead of yelling at me for this mistake, we laughed at me and I think that's what changed the world because if she yelled at me I would be discouraged and try to drive again. Now that I have my driver's license for four months, not only am I a better driver, but I've learned to relax a little bit, I've learned to laugh more and not take so many great simple things in the world as granite. I also think it brings me closer to my @CAPS2 in a way, so I guess what they say "laughter is the shortest distance between two people" is true.
About @NUM1 years ago my best friend @LOCATION1 @CAPS6 slept at her house. We played with this giant exercise ball in her mom's room. We've been jumping, standing, flipping, @CAPS6 everything you can think of, but trying to do it without falling off! @LOCATION1 to do this flip ball @CAPS6 She said "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 look at this cool thing I just did!" @CAPS3 She tried to do the same but she screwed up, @CAPS6 Huge ball Fly out from under her! We started laughing @CAPS3! @CAPS3 Funny, she almost pissed her pants! But then her sister came in, @CAPS6 that's when it all started... @PERSON1, (@LOCATION1's sister) was always much bigger than us @CAPS3 We did @CAPS8 She said whatever @CAPS8 . As soon as she walked in, we stopped @CAPS8 what we were doing! She said she wanted to play games with us, @CAPS3 we decided to play too. @PERSON1 told us to go to bed @CAPS6 to go under the blanket. @CAPS3 We did @CAPS6 while the lights were out! @CAPS6 The door slammed shut! We don't know if she's still in the room @CAPS3 We didn't say anything. Next thing you know, the gate to Barley Creek opens @CAPS6 and you can see a little light through the crack. She's back, @CAPS6 with supplies! Silence for about @NUM2 minutes, then @LOCATION1 started screaming! Just as I was checking out @LOCATION1, her feet were dragging her off the bed. As I tried to get her back on my feet, I felt someone grab my feet! I went, right where @LOCATION1 is! We kept trying to hide and @CAPS6 climbed back into bed, but we finally gave up because our plans weren't that good. Suddenly, my feet were tied together! Then my hand @CAPS6 mouth! @PERSON1 keeps throwing us in the room @CAPS6 beats us, she thinks it's the funniest thing in the world! She laughs so hard @CAPS3 especially when we keep trying to get back to bed with @CAPS6's feet strapped. After an hour of hard work, @CAPS6 @LOCATION1 has an idea! We figured if we hid in the bathroom she would never catch us @CAPS6 and we would try to untie each other's hoods @CAPS6. But before we could do that, @PERSON1 beat us! She threw us in the corner of the bathroom and turned off the lights! There was silence. "Is @LOCATION1 @CAPS8 noise?" I said. "@CAPS4 take a shower!" she said. We tried to get out, but just as we did, @PERSON1 picked us up and @CAPS6 threw us in! She keeps smiling! when we screamed at each other. @CAPS6 for help! When we got out of the tub, she threw us back to bed @CAPS6 finally untied our hoods @CAPS6! After she turned the lights back on, we looked at our wrist @CAPS6 ankle @CAPS6, all red markings. @LOCATION1 said "@CAPS5! You're crazy, we told you to stop @CAPS6 you didn't!" @CAPS6 right after she walked in screaming @LOCATION1's @CAPS7. "Is @CAPS8 yelling for the girls?" @CAPS6 and it all came out! Finally @ORGANIZATION1 got into trouble @CAPS6 and we got rid of it. @LOCATION1 @CAPS6 I learned a huge lesson. Never "play games" with your sister when she has a handkerchief @CAPS6 rope!
@PERSON1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @DATE1 One @DATE1 broke me, one @CAPS3 and my @CAPS5 went to @CAPS1 on @LOCATION1's boat. We've been waiting all week to catch some @DATE1 @CAPS4 salmon. @DATE3 @TIME1 We have to get the boat ready so we can leave on that day. Our boat is huge so we just put everything in, like sleeping bags, food coolers, and all the @CAPS1 gear the salmon needs. We also brought a camp stove for the food we made on board. There's another guy named @PERSON2 but we call him the big @PERSON2 and he's a really funny guy who provides a lot of laughs on board. When we got there we had to stop at the bait shop to get some shrimp and spinning blades, that's what we used to catch salmon. We left and once we got to the boat ramp, when we started the boat, my @CAPS5 realized he forgot the hook while we were at the shop. So we pulled the boat out of the water, luckily the boat was still on the trailer, we put everything on the boat safely and went to the store. Just as we got to the bait spot, the lady we spoke to earlier said we forgot to catch the hooks we bought, some we did forget, but I don't know how. So we thanked us and went back to the river. We finally got our boat in the water and went up the river and if we were to do our @CAPS1 it's a popular place there will be a boat called the hog line and some how we always get into the most Good middle position for @CAPS1. There are usually days @DATE2 like the @NUM1 boats on either side of us, it gets busy and sometimes fun because some people there don't even know how to operate the boats. When we got the poles installed and got there we put them in the water and my pole fell off and hooked a nice @CAPS4 and fought him for about 15 mins my @CAPS5 caught It, it's a breeder fish. After all my @CAPS5 said it was a small fish. Just when it got dark, we rolled the pole in and placed it neatly on the boat. Just when it was dark it was time to go to bed, the river was quiet and there was no one but the river so we didn't have to worry about other people rocking our boat while we slept. It was cold and windy the next morning, but luckily we brought our tops to protect us from the wind burns that were so bad the last time we were there that it hurt for about a week. In the end my friend's rod fell off and he was so excited about catching a fish, about ten minutes passed and he realized he had hooked a log that was floating by and my @CAPS5 and I knew he hooked got it, but we don't want to say anything because it would be fun for him to get excited. My @CAPS5 the pole fell and the fish came up so I threw the anchor out and we floated off and put it in the net and another fish came home, we had two in the boat but my mate was the only fish we needed to get, so we all had one to take home. After a long day on the boat, it was time to go home and prepare for a week of begging. About two o'clock I watched my rod tip slam into the water with another fish in hand and it gave to my buddy who was fighting it, although he had a hard time getting around because of the tight resistance , but then I fixed it and he got on the boat and was happy with his first salmon. Perfect timing because we left home in about fifteen minutes. @CAPS2 It was fun, we got some fish, we had some fun moments, and most importantly, I got my buddy his first salmon.
There are many times in my life where laughter is the key factor. My family is always smiling. We might be watching a movie, or someone just made a joke. We even laugh when jokes are directed at us. My friends and I can say the same. My friends and I laugh at almost everything. I believe laughter has always been one of the most important parts of my life, without it life is almost meaningless. I remember a time @DATE2 when my friends and I decided to go camping by the lake for a week. We all packed our tents, sleeping bags and other camping necessities. When we got to the lake it wasn't very crowded so we had no trouble choosing a campsite. Once we finished our gear and set up our tent we decided to go for a swim. A friend of mine yelled, "I'm taking you to the lake!" @CAPS1 walked about five steps, then @CAPS1 walked into a small hole where his feet fit in, and @CAPS1 fell on his face. Everyone started laughing like we couldn't stop. @CAPS1 was laughing when my fallen friend finally got up. We spent the rest of @DATE1 swimming and making fun of his fall, and the best part was that @CAPS1 joked too. We stayed up that night eating junk food hot dogs and smores until we almost burst and then we all passed out. Over the next few days, we did pretty much the same thing. We swam in the lake, hiked in the woods, fished for a while and made fun of each other almost all the time. On the @DATE1 we were there, we all decided to get up early and take a @DATE1 hike to the nearest summit. The climb to the top was smooth and no one fell or was injured. The only thing that happened on the way up the mountain was a friend of mine lost his water bottle and had to chase it halfway up the mountain. To us, it was fun, but not as fun as what happened next. We both had a "potty break" as a friend of mine called it before going downstairs, the only problem was that a friend of mine decided to pee in what @CAPS1 thought was an empty spot. As it turns out, the whole place is not empty, but home to hundreds of subterranean wasps. Unfortunately, @CAPS1 didn't realize this until it was too late. Wasps started pouring out of the house looking for someone to disturb them, which happened to be us. I screamed in horror, "@CAPS2 bullshit, it's a bee hive!" The next thing I knew we were running downhill as fast as we could, and there seemed to be thousands of wasps following us. Luckily was freed and ran away with ease, unfortunately it wasn't done yet, and didn't pull up my pants. Running around your ankle in pants is not an easy task, just in case your doubts and two of my friends find it difficult. As they tried to escape, they tripped themselves and started rolling all @CAPS1 when bitten by a wasp. We all went down with few injuries and not too many bee stings. I remember the first thing we did when we got back was laughing until we cried. Once we're out of danger, this example seems like the funniest thing ever. My friends and I are still on @DATE1 about our crazy camping trip and breaking in with the grumpy underground wasps. I still think it's one of the funniest things in my life and I'm looking forward to the next crazy event. I believe laughter has always been one of the most important parts of my life, without it life is almost meaningless.
My alarm goes off at @TIME1. Another normal @DATE1 for all my friends, but a big day for me. Time to get up, eat breakfast, brush your teeth, put the last few things in your suitcase, and head to the airport. For @CAPS1 time, I'll be flying across the ocean on the last day of a full year with my family in @LOCATION3. Next time I will wake up in a completely different place, country and home, a place I've never been before. This will be a new beginning for me and my life will never be the same. I will be an exchange student at @LOCATION1 High School. After @NUM1 flights and @NUM2 hours of travel, I finally arrived at the airport at @LOCATION2, where my host parents were waiting for me with a big sign with my name on it. I'm so happy and excited that I finally arrived, but mostly I'm really tired. We take off and head to "home". My new home is a small greenhouse on a paddock in the high desert @LOCATION4 @NUM3 mins from town without public transport. @CAPS1 week I'm tired due to the heat and dry air. It took me about a month to adjust myself. Before school started, I visited my new high school and got to know the school's principal. I also got my schedule and signed up for the football team, their @CAPS1 meet @DATE2 below. It's great to see the kids in my school and in my classroom. Finally my @CAPS1 high school days are almost here. It's exciting for me, but I can't hide my nervousness. After an hour drive to school, I got off the bus and walked into the building. It felt like thousands of people were looking at me in the hallway. I go faster. I hope my @CAPS1 day is off to a good start. Finally, I walked over to my locker, took out the little note with the locker code on it, and tried to open it. Still, I did NUM1 times my locker wouldn't open. "@CAPS1 turn right @NUM1 times, go to @CAPS1 number, turn left, pass 2nd number once...", I was muttering to myself. The bell rang and thank goodness a friend of mine who played football came over and asked if I needed help. We all laughed and I'm glad she helped me or I'd be late for class on @CAPS1 day. The next few times I needed her help again until I figured out how to open my locker three days later. Open-mindedness, kindness, and a smile are three very important things in life. Apart from that, another very important thing for me is to laugh at my mistakes. Most importantly, coming to a new culture, land and meeting new people has given me a lot of life experience. Especially learn how to laugh at mistakes or situations so you don't get frustrated. Being depressed makes my time harder and less enjoyable. Laughing makes it easier for me to learn from the mistakes I make and move on. My mom used to tell me to make mistakes and I don't regret any mistakes I make.
He laughed and I didn't hear him laugh all day. Just after @DATE1 and @PERSON2, I just fixed our on and off relationship. He picked up @CAPS1 from my house so we could hang out with him. He seems frustrated since he chose @CAPS1, which is not normal for him at all. He's always smiling or laughing and has some funny stories to tell @CAPS1, but not today. He was quiet today, we've been together for about two hours, and he said something to @CAPS1 and I only got a lame half-smile that really meant "I'm not in the mood, so stop". About the third time we watched Despicable @CAPS1 and he started yelling, his dad was leaning against the wall next to the bed when he started yelling and his voice followed a higher A softer voice called back, that's @PERSON2's stepmother. They were arguing about cheating, drinking or staying up late, I don't really remember, I can't hear well, I'm following @PERSON2 to see his reaction. He stood there for a few minutes, just staring straight in front of him, looking like he was about to cry. Then he fell to the ground, raised his knees, crossed his arms on his knees, rested his head on his arms, and for a split second I thought he was crying. My big tough guy who never deals with anyone's crap looked as hurt and helpless as he could get, he looked more helpless than I felt. I mean what can I do, I don't know if he wants to be alone or if he wants someone to hug him and make him feel better so I sit where I am, on his bed, against the wall Looking at him and hoping he can do something to help @CAPS1 decide what makes him feel better. In the living room, his parents were still yelling when another voice joined in, it was his stepmother's friend @PERSON1. She tries to stop them from fighting, tries to help, but @PERSON2's dad @PERSON3 is not someone to interrupt, when he gets mad you just run away from him. @PERSON1 made a mistake. Suddenly there was a loud bang, @PERSON2 jumped up, cupboards were smashed, glass was broken, the only thing I could hear was "that's your grandma's, your mom's going to be pissed!" via @PERSON2 stepmother. @PERSON2 got up, walked to his door, locked it. He stood with his forehead against the door for a moment, then turned to @CAPS1, put @CAPS1 down and hugged @CAPS1. There are more shouts now, about food, cars, and getting everyone out of the house. There was the sound of food being thrown out, followed by the slamming of doors and the creaking of tires. Finally they are done. @PERSON3 also left, as you can tell by the sound of a big diesel truck driving away. Now that we are alone, @PERSON2 finally looks at @CAPS1, I can tell he is sad, he still looks like he wants to cry. I could tell he hated fighting, and that's when I realized that was his problem all day, they were fighting like this all week, and they were getting a divorce. It wasn't his first divorce either, it was his father's third wife just walking out of the house. "@CAPS2, this is horrible. Guarantee @CAPS1 we'll fight like @CAPS3?" I said. I let @CAPS3 hear someone fighting like this and frankly it scared @CAPS1 and I hope @CAPS3 wants this to happen in my house. "I promise." He smiled. I kissed his nose and got up but he pulled @CAPS1 back and kissed me on the nose and I looked at him and smiled: "@CAPS4 I really need to pee." That's all , He laughed and I didn't hear him laugh all day.
@DATE1 @CAPS2's dog @CAPS1 makes me laugh every time I see her droopy ears and pointy little nose. @CAPS2 is my best friend, my dog. @CAPS3 brings joy to every moment with her. Barking at squirrels in the backyard keeps me warm at night. All the crazy things this amazing dog has done, put a smile on my face. Laughter and joy flooded my heart. Every time @DATE1 goes camping with the @PERSON1 family, we have to take her with us. We had to bring her own sleeping bag and camp chair to sit down. After a long day of swimming and walking around the lake, @CAPS2 hops into her chair and sleeps by the warm fire. When we walk with other family dog @PERSON2, @CAPS3 will carry her own leash in her mouth like I have been holding it. Every little thing @CAPS2 does to be different from a normal dog makes us laugh. As we say, @CAPS2 is "@CAPS4". @CAPS3 also likes "logging". @CAPS2 Pull huge logs or sticks in the water and chew on them until all that's left is back. All the grandparents love her too. Grandpa made special cookies for her because @CAPS2 doesn't like any cookies. @CAPS2 wears her own party hat to his house on his birthday and jumps on his lap to give him a birthday kiss. He laughed so hard his eyes started to water. Every time we go somewhere other grandma begs for "@CAPS6-sit", @CAPS3. Che loves her so much. When @CAPS2 was there, @CAPS2 didn't have a kennel or dog bed, @CAPS2 got a sofa. @CAPS2 will take @CAPS3 into town to buy her a cheeseburger and go to the park. I taught her to do tricks like @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 bounces in circles on her back legs, and I taught her @CAPS16 to talk. I would say "@CAPS9 at the top of the house?" "@CAPS10. (@CAPS11)," "Who is the greatest @CAPS12 player of all time?" "@CAPS10 (@CAPS14 @CAPS15)" and "@CAPS16 has Sandpaper?" "@CAPS10." It made everyone laugh. We would spend hours in the backyard playing tricks and doing nothing. Our family took her to @CAPS9, which we called "@CAPS3 @CAPS1", to swim and fish in the river with us. @CAPS2 It was fun running and splashing in the water with us. We also took her to the beach to play on the beach. We took her around and @CAPS2 loved it. @CAPS2 is also the only dog in the park who knows that @CAPS16 can slip. Everyone is amazed what @CAPS9 @CAPS2 can do. They had never seen someone like her before. @CAPS3 made a lot of people laugh when they saw her. @CAPS2 is my best friend and the smartest dog I know. From going to park slides, camping and swimming to being a lazy dog, @CAPS2 made me laugh. @CAPS2 is gone now, but her memory is still there. @CAPS2 will never be forgotten.
Importance of Laughter in Human Life In life, there are many things that make a person happy, but nothing can compare to the joy of laughter. @CAPS1 and friends always get together and have a good laugh, that's why we get together to spend quality time with those we love and love to be around. My @CAPS1 gets together every year at Thanksgiving and it's always one of my favorite times because when my @CAPS2 shows up, he really knows how to make you laugh till you fall to the floor and cry because you laugh so hard so amazing. He has a sense of knowing how people work, and he knows that smiling and laughing can turn someone's bad day into a good one. @CAPS1 is the most awesome thing one can ask for, when everyone is together it just makes the time sweeter, now add a laugh, a few smiles and you'll have a great time! My @CAPS2 has a lot of jokes and platitudes he can use to try and make people laugh, but it's not just what he says that makes it so funny, it's when he does it. I hope to learn from him and use his interpersonal skills to reward people and help people have a great day, just share a good laugh and put a little smile on your face because it not only makes them feel good, but also to know Helping someone else have a good day just by telling a little joke or saying something funny that gets enough attention yourself makes others feel better and then it's a domino effect. He/she will tell others what happened and they will make their day better with a little simple laugh. Most friendships and relationships start with laughter because one of you has the confidence to break the ice in each other, and sometimes that's all it takes to start a friendship that lasts a lifetime. So everyone can have a good laugh, no matter who you are or where you're from, everyone gets a "boo" from time to time. When I now meet best friends who are like brothers to me, it all started with a joke that put smiles and unforgettable laughter on both of our faces. From that day until now, we are the best friends life can give us, so you just have to really get out there and be yourself and make others laugh. Laughter is the greatest thing in life, something people need to do every day to keep their spirits up, no matter what circumstances you're in. The army has to go to war and live in a hostile environment, but they still have time to sit down as a unit and share drinks and luagh about something. Enjoying life is in our blood, so don't try to avoid people who want to come out or laughter. When you're having a bad day, the best thing you can do is hang out at a friend's house, because people who really care about you will find a way to lift your spirits and make you laugh, which will bring you smiles and Start your day with a fresh start, it's like refreshing your body. When I have a bad day, all I have to do is think about some funny thing I did with a friend and it brings me a smile or a laugh, and sometimes both. Laughter is the key to life because it can turn anything negative into something positive. When you go to a party with @CAPS1 or friends, do you sit back and think about nothing? No, you'll get up and have a good time with your friends and always end up laughing with someone. I believe wholeheartedly that laughter is not only the key to life, but also the key to a person's heart, it shows who they are, because no one can hide or shake things up wanting to laugh, which is impossible to do. Laughter comes from a person's heart and soul, only these two things are very powerful, when they want to sing and cheer, you can't deny the need. When two or more people come together to be able to create an environment where anyone can be themselves and enjoy the laughter and not just pretend it's what everyone is looking for so when someone says this , it is so true that "laughing is the shortest distance between two people".
@CAPS1 ago when I was about @NUM1. I moved to @LOCATION1 and after @NUM2 weeks passed @CAPS2 parents started going to church and while we were at church I met another kid about @CAPS2 age. I don't know, but I see his hand. @CAPS6 has a deck of cards. I noticed right away that @CAPS6 likes to play yu-gi-oh, it's a card game, I had a lot of fun with it when @NUM1 was..., I wanted to ask him if @CAPS6 wanted to play the card game yu-gi-oh But I was too nervous to ask him, after church, @CAPS2 parents and I went home after a day. The next morning, I have to prepare for @CAPS2's first day of school in @LOCATION1, which is a bit difficult as I'm getting into that new school without friends, but as soon as I find them, I'll Noticed a few things and I saw the same thing yesterday with the kid I was a little surprised because @CAPS6 will be going to the same church as me. When @CAPS2 teacher asked me to sit down I sat, @CAPS2 teacher started roll call, each student was the class name, each student responded "Here!" When other kids changed his name to @PERSON1, once it started class, when you're busy with class it goes by so fast so as soon as lunch starts, i go to lunch, surprisingly a lot of the students in @CAPS2 class are so nice they ask me if i want to be their friend . I'm happy since they asked, but that kid @PERSON1 didn't. So I thought @CAPS6 was mad at me after school and I saw that @PERSON1 kid again before I got on the bus home, so I ran up to him and asked if @CAPS6 likes to play yu-gi-oh? @CAPS6 "Answer yes, how about you?" I "tell them yes, we should play yu-gi-oh sometimes" @CAPS6 said we can play this at church @DATE1. I tell them @CAPS3. Later that day I told @CAPS2 brother @CAPS4 I made some friends at school and this @DATE1 I'm going to church with one of them named @PERSON1 to play yu-gi-oh cards, @CAPS2 brother @CAPS4 Tell me oh... @PERSON1 went to school? I said yes, @CAPS6 said I played yu-gi-oh card game with him last time at church. I was shocked because @CAPS2 brother knew @CAPS6 was and I didn't. I asked him why @CAPS6 didn't tell me @CAPS6 knew someone who played yu-gi-oh, @CAPS6 said "because you didn't ask" and I was like... oh... me and @CAPS2 brother started laughing , because I didn't know @PERSON1 was a friend of @CAPS2's brother, and @CAPS6 laughed at me because I never asked him if @CAPS6 knew anyone who played yu-gi-oh poker.
This is @DATE1. The day is beautiful and full of happy faces. A perfect day to attend the show. I'm sitting on the bench next to @PERSON1, someone I really like, but I doubt @CAPS6 likes me of course. I caught him staring at me a few times and I just thought there was something on my face that really caught his attention, like the food we just had a few minutes ago or something. I looked at him and asked "@CAPS1?" "@CAPS2" @CAPS6 with a big smile on his face. "@CAPS3 told me @CAPS1 @CAPS14 was funny" I asked to smile at him. "@CAPS2 was fun, but.." @CAPS6 paused for a moment. @CAPS5 Can I ask @CAPS13 to go out? @PERSON1 asked. I felt my face turn red, my temperature went up and my legs started to move uncontrollably. @CAPS6 didnt know I had any feelings for him Strong feelings "I thought to myself." @CAPS7 is joking like @CAPS10...because @CAPS6 is joking right? ""@CAPS8 @PERSON2? Is @CAPS13 ok? " @CAPS6 asked, @CAPS6 put his hand on my lap. "@CAPS9 I'm fine, just..." I paused for a long time. "@CAPS10 @CAPS13 said @CAPS3 I @CAPS17 got it" @CAPS6 said His head is slowly facing the ground. I don't know what @CAPS1 said, I feel stuck. I'd love to say @CAPS14 but can't. "@CAPS11 don't mess with me like that, I know you're joking @PERSON1" I laughed nervously. @PERSON1 looked at me with a confused face like @CAPS10 @CAPS6 said "I'm not clear enough" or "@CAPS12 Am I just walking away? . His smile changed to a serious look, the light in his eyes disappeared. I felt something in my throat, words got stuck, they need to come out! @CAPS13 can ask me out anytime, my answer @CAPS17 is always @CAPS9 "I said feeling relived." Did @CAPS14 let @CAPS13 my girlfriend @PERSON2? "I don't know @PERSON1..@CAPS13 hasn't asked me out yet" I laughed. We looked at each other for a moment, then laughed like @CAPS10 is the funniest thing in the world. I don't Totally understand why we're laughing, @CAPS6 probably isn't either, but that didn't stop us. I started to feel my stomach cramp with all the force I put on and it stopped me laughing. @PERSON1 took my hand, We headed for the roller coaster. In my head, I imagined him getting down on one knee and asking me to be his girlfriend, and at that moment the noise in the background would go away and the camera would just focus on us. Although that might only happen in End of a romantic movie, but everyone "live happily ever after". I looked at @PERSON1 and realized I'm not in the movie, I'm in this place called reality. @CAPS6 look at me like @CAPS10, Something came up again on my face but it didn't really bother me. We got on the roller coaster and some other rides and it totally made me feel like I needed to throw up. I was standing on the ticket line for some reason I felt inside Joy, like @CAPS10 I'm the happiest person in the world. @CAPS2 bothered me that day, nothing should bother me, I just ignored it because I think @CAPS10 really doesn't matter. My face With the biggest smile on my face like @CAPS10 I just got botox and I don't have any expression except that one. The sun is hiding behind the clouds and the sky is darkening right in front of my eyes. I don't think the day is long enough because I've been having fun. I'm starting to believe that time does fly by, even though I know better than that. It's time to go home and the people walking out of the bazaar are exhausted and not even made them smile because they're @CAPS14 exhausted. @PERSON1 and I walked to the car. @CAPS6 seemed a little concerned as we walked. "@CAPS15 wrong @PERSON1" I noticed his unhappy @CAPS14 look. "I haven't officially asked @CAPS13" @PERSON1 Said. "@CAPS16 asked if I was ready" I replied that Jorge hurried up to me to stop me from walking." @CAPS17 @CAPS13 Be my girlfriend @PERSON2.. again? " @CAPS6 grinding butterflies running down my stomach and my feet getting weaker. "Ugh...I mean @CAPS9 of course @CAPS7 is your girlfriend" I stammered. I guess on my face Funny expression because @CAPS6 started giggling. @CAPS14 I also decided to laugh, although I didn't know @CAPS1 was funny, but oh well. We got in the car and drove home. It was a little quiet on the road, but somehow Why is it worth it.
There is one person in all of our lives who is so special that you would never do anything to hurt them. Whether that person is a close friend, significant other, or a family member. Those who are deeply involved in our lives are there to help us through tough times, lift us up when we're down, and be there for us. Friends are one of the most important people in our lives. A friend is someone we can talk to and they understand, someone we share everything with, including clothes, food, etc. They are the ones who make us smile every day. High school is full of drama, it's the same old story, just a different day. I have a group of best friends who are very close and spend a lot of time together both in and out of school. They are there for me when I need them most. Lately this guy, @PERSON1 and I have been trying to improve our relationship, but he's been lying to me and cheating on me, but every friend I talk to says the same thing, "he'll hurt you" and " He doesn't deserve your tears." I took classes with him every other day. It's not like I can choose when I want to see him and when I don't, some days are better than others. Just after lunch, the bell rang, and I wasn't in a hurry to get to the band room. The band room is huge and smells like old cheese, like a trampoline, the sound bounces and explodes in your face. I didn't like that class at all. I walked casually into the room, put all the books on the chair, and started walking towards my little room. I picked up my instrument and walked back, put it on my chair, and went to chat with some of my friends. It's not been a bad day so far, just an average day at school. Entering the band room, I feel like @DATE1 is different. He walked into the band's door with a big smile, but I couldn't help but look away and frowned. Mixed emotions are the worst, he does one thing and you love him and he does another thing that drives you crazy and makes you want to hurt him. He sits behind me in the band and I often turn around to talk to him, but we never seem to have any trouble, except for @DATE1, who is said to talk a lot. I don't believe we talked too much because @DATE1 is where I don't want to have anything to do with him. He was mad at me and I was mad at him, so we were evenly divided. Twenty-five minutes passed, every minute was procrastinating, and all I could think about was him and what I heard him doing. It's never a good feeling when you know something's wrong. I confronted him about what people told me. His answer was "don't believe what you hear, believe what you see". I don't know what's going on, but tears started pouring out of my eyes and down my face like crystal clear waterfalls. I asked the teacher if I could go out in the hall for a minute and she agreed, so I sat in the hall with tears in my eyes. A friend of mine went out and sat with me to comfort me. We started talking and I told her what was going on. She gave me a hug and started making fun of him. I couldn't help laughing. I even laughed and said my own words and made her laugh too. After a few jokes and a bunch of hugs, the tears disappeared and I laughed. Neither of us wanted to go back to class, but we really had no other choice. We weren't very close friends, but our conversations in class made us stronger. Even if everything goes wrong, you should expect your friends to tell you the truth and give their advice because they are always right, so stop guessing about them. They know how to make you feel better, and it always seems to work. Laughter is not just an emotion. It gives you strength when you are weak. It lifts you up when you're feeling down. Laughter brings relationships closer, and sometimes all we need is a smile. Laughter also helps create memories, and those nights where you stay up late talking and laughing until 2 am are the ones you will always remember. Laughter is an important aspect for everyone and we all need a day to unwind and take a step back and laugh.
In my opinion, laughter is the only expression that is always positive. My dad claims that laughter is the reason for his six pack abs, it builds your muscles. @CAPS3 is very important in a relationship. If @CAPS5 doesn't have any sense of humor, consider your ego inhumane. Speaking of my family, I'm always @CAPS3. @CAPS3 is always positive and happiness follows. If I have a problem, I'll think of something that makes me laugh, and it's always good to laugh. Relationships can be built by having something in common, seeing my dad, I don't always get along. When we laugh, everything else is silent and it determines the mood. If @CAPS5 wasn't laughing around my dad he would ask "@CAPS1 @CAPS5 has a sense of humor?" @CAPS2 @CAPS5 must be an outsider if you weren't @CAPS3 doing something fun with me. @CAPS3 is positive energy and positive energy is good. I laughed a lot, I laughed out loud. If it weren't for @CAPS3, @CAPS5 would not have @CAPS5's relationship to @DATE1. Some people say that laughter is the shortest distance between two people. I agree with this statement. If it weren't for the laughter, I think I'd be negative, I'd be more disciplined, I'd think I'd be more distant from Dad. As I get older I see myself getting more mature and I laugh less... My dad also sees a change, the distance between us is getting farther and the witch is in every teen growing up are normal. My dad is funny, and even knowing I'm happy to grow up, I wouldn't exchange worlds for my humorous relationship with my dad. There was laughter everywhere and I saw people @CAPS3 walking down the street with their phones. I've heard the phrase "@CAPS3 all the way to the bank", and if I was rich too, I'd be @CAPS3. Wealth is a positive thing, but money means nothing if @CAPS5 is not @CAPS3 and life is happy. I may be poor, @CAPS3, but still happy. If @CAPS5 is not happy in life, then everything @CAPS5 owns or works for is meaningless. Laughter brings people together, r @CAPS2 without a doubt. I know a lot of people through simply "@CAPS3". @CAPS5 will be amazed @CAPS5 just put a smile on your face, or if @CAPS5 finds something interesting, "@CAPS6". I have a very funny dad and I won't change that. I believe everything happens for a reason and I believe everyone deserves a good laugh and a good time. I think they deserve it, unfortunately not everyone's life is happy, so why doesn't @CAPS5 go and make people laugh? @CAPS5 doesn't know their situation, laughter can take @CAPS5 pretty much everywhere. @CAPS5 never know what laughs @CAPS5 will bring until @CAPS5 finds out? Laughter is an important element in relationships that builds a person's character traits and who they are.
Have you seen this quote from @CAPS1, @CAPS2, Laughter? Have you ever asked yourself what this means? I believe this can mean many different things to many different people. Some people can take it negatively and then some people will take it positively, I believe those @NUM1 words in that phrase are all you need to have a perfect life. The perfect life is not about having the best car, the most expensive clothes, or the best looks. I'm going to tell you why laughter is so important in any relationship. I'm @NUM2 now, but when I meet someone who can make me laugh no matter the situation, I'm @NUM3. He was a tall, brown-skinned male. He is now @NUM4 years old. But he was @NUM2 when I met him. It all started at the school we met. He always makes me laugh I remember one time I was down because I was having some issues at home and being with him was something I needed to really forget about what happened He was a very honest person and that's the good thing about him he would Turn any situation into a joke. Even embarrassing things that happened to me or him, he would turn them around so I wouldn't be embarrassed anymore. I @CAPS1 how can I be with him. He is uphill on a rock coaster. @NUM1 years have passed, I am now married to my best friend, we have two beautiful twin daughters together, I @CAPS2 my life is full because he makes me happy. Instead of arguing about its laughter, life would be better, which not only made me laugh, but made him a good guy and made others feel good around him. Laughter is great not only in male-female relationships, but also in female-to-female relationships. I have a best friend. She is not only my best friend because she is honest and kind, but also because she is funny, she makes me laugh. I believe life without laughter is like a straight road, boring and long. Life with laughter is like a winding road, you just don't know what to expect. My mom and I have a very strong relationship, we do a lot of things together, but what I like the most is that we laugh sometimes, and when it happens in that moment, it can go downhill, but a year from that day you look back, It's always fun and it's best to laugh with someone you think is important to you. Laughing at a memory is my favorite thing with anyone because you will carry that memory with you forever and sooner or later you will laugh at the fact, when and where it happened. So when you @MONTH1 think about the embarrassing thing that happened, look back on it a year from that day and I'm sure you'll get a laugh or at least a smile from it.
@CAPS1 of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I'm @NUM1 years old and I live on a farm outside @LOCATION1 OR. I play with my brothers @PERSON1, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 most of the time. We did everything together, from caching frogs to eating bugs. We just moved to a new house and my dad has a lot to do to make it a safe and fun environment. The first thing he's going to do is build a pull @CAPS3, a building atop a garage. He started by digging cement on the ground that had just been levelled. He punched square holes in the cement and put the pole in so @CAPS3 could lift it. Then he started building the main building on top of the garage he made. So excited to see my dad build this @CAPS3 with his bare hands. Once he made the whole inside safe, I was put in. I walked in and was amazed at how beautiful it was and how well it was built. But there is still work to be done. My dad and my big brother @PERSON2 are putting shingles on so rain and other trash can't get in. I woke up the next day and heard them screaming, like a flock of chickens laying their first eggs. They just finished the @CAPS3 pull. I jumped up like a cat just shot with an airsoft gun and ran down the stairs to meet them. When they came in, they looked like they had fallen into a pond. They were soaked in sweat. My bros and I immediately ran as fast as we could to the brand new @CAPS2 @CAPS3. As we entered @CAPS3 we had a weird feeling like something on our feet was getting cold and wet. Then we knew what we just did, we just ran across the freshly painted floor. We all looked at each other and started trying to minimize the confusion. We are going backwards in our previous footprints. When we finally got to the stairs, we had to figure out a way to hide the mess we just made or we'd be in a lot of trouble. So we all came up with a plan to paint our footprints with the rest of the paint. So we immediately started painting our mess with the leftover paint we found from the project. Soon we were all done and we were relieved that we didn't get a crib. Later that day, my dad and brother went to @CAPS3 to see if the paint was dry. To their surprise, they sowed a bunch of tiny footprints on the stairs leading to the freshly painted floor. As they went up the stairs, they saw more and more footprints. When they got to the top, they looked at the wet floor, they only sowed wet paint, and there were no footprints. My brothers and I were watching from our windows when this happened and we could see everything. Soon we planted them back, so we went down to meet them. When they walked in, I could see a puzzled look on the faces there, it was a look of confusion. They came in and looked straight at me like I stole a hundred dollars and got the crib. Dad said politely, "Can I see your feet?" "@CAPS6" I replied with a frightened face. I showed him my feet and he said, "Did you put on @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and try to fix your mess by drawing on it?" I stared at him and said "@ CAPS6". He just smiled brightly and said, "Go wash your feet". Later that day, the floor was dry and we all went up to dinner.
I woke up at @NUM1 from my cousin's phone saying he wanted to hang out and introduce me to a cousin I had never met before. After hanging up, I hung up and hurried into the shower to get ready as fast as I could. As soon as they got to my house, I ran frantically to the door and quickly opened it, expecting some kind of reaction from my new cousin, but what I got was not what I expected. Just as I opened the door, he started laughing for a few minutes. I was kind of pissed at him because I didn't know what he was laughing at until I looked down and realized I wasn't wearing pants and I rushed back to my room and put on some shorts and went back to the living room while their coach was still laughing at my Stupid mistake. I sat on the couch across from them and asked what they were laughing at, I was joking on purpose, they didn't believe me at all, I don't blame them because that's the stupidest thing to say in that situation. After they stopped laughing, my cousin asked me if it was the only thing I did, I answered no, and he started telling stories about him doing stupid things like me, and it ended up being the only thing we talked about for half a day , just reciting some silly stories about our own embarrassment. It turns out that just because I made that stupid mistake, we were so easy to get along with, he started talking as soon as he walked in, and it was for this reason that our relationship has been great since we met. In the end I'm glad I did it because it made us very close because we can now laugh at each other when either of us does stupid things. This is my story, and laughter is an element of my relationship with my cousin.
This is @NUM1 point. I was watching @CAPS1.V at night my dad said he was going to the store and I wanted to go with him and my mom said no because he would be back soon and he was just going to buy some stuff in the store. My dad said it was okay so I wanted to be with him and on the way there we saw a cyclist who didn't have much control over the bike and it looked like he was about to hit a pole and we passed by He we looked back and the cyclist fell to the ground and it was funny and my dad and I were laughing but we stopped to help the guy and in the store my dad and I went our separate ways and I went After leaving the candy area, he went to another big place. I finished watching candy so I went to my dad I couldn't find him in the store so I went outside to find him the car wasn't there I thought he went to another store I went and he wasn't there so I went to the store and looked again He was gone so I started walking to my house when I was walking and a car stopped and asked me if I wanted a ride I said no thanks they insisted but I told them once I lived in the next block it was okay and they left, So I keep going. Quietly I heard a voice behind me I turned back and it was a tall black shadow I was scared I thought I was a Garner robe I walked faster and faster then I started running I turned around and the shadow was far behind me . A car passed by me and I saw that it was my dad who forgot he was with me. We all laughed at the end and we didn't tell my mom because she would be freaked out by my dad.
In all times, people are very concerned about laughter. We can't imagine life without @CAPS9. We @CAPS8 every day, joke, smile. For me, laughter has always been one of the most beautiful things in the world! @CAPS9 helped me many times in the most difficult situations. I want to tell you a story from my life when laughter played a huge role. @CAPS9 both start at @DATE1 at @DATE2. I was living in @LOCATION2 at the time and trying to get a scholarship to go to @LOCATION2 as an exchange student for @DATE1. To do this I have to pass a lot of tests, write millions of papers, do all the paperwork...one thing I have to do is talk to the other participants and the two @CAPS1 for about a Hour. So, people who choose to have children abroad look at how we communicate with others. Can you imagine speaking a foreign language with a group of people you've never met? No, especially when you all know there's only one person in the entire group going to @LOCATION1. You know that everyone strives to be the best, to be a leader, and hardly let anyone say anything. But I still hope everything will be fine. I remember that day like @CAPS9 was yesterday. It's all in the details. @CAPS9 is @DATE3 @TIME1 when I enter the white building at @ORGANIZATION1 where the game will be held. I walked into the classroom and the two @CAPS1s introduced us to each other. And at that moment, when I saw the other three, at that moment, I realized, I really have to worry! I saw their faces. They thought so too. We have nothing in common. Absolutely not. They all look different. A girl in black. No joke. The big black leather shoes were very similar to the old military uniform my grandpa wore, the black skirt was longer than the girl, the black tie, the dark T-shirt, and the girl was three or four sizes larger; you couldn't even imagine how dark her short straight hair was. She looks like part of @DATE1's darkest night. The other girl is a full "Barbie girl". You know, typical @CAPS3 - two are good for everyone. She is tall and thin, with long blonde hair and a pink dress. All are pink. Bright pink jeans, a light pink top and high heels. I remember her saying "@CAPS4 I'm the best here" to the girl in black. Nothing else about her, just @CAPS3. And a boy. He's a great example of a rapper. From his shoes to his attitude, all his expressions scream how much he loves rap. No, like rap. Large blue jeans, cool shoes in representative company @ORGANIZATION2, white tee with faces popular among @LOCATION2 rap musicians, bandana and a big hat. Also, he has a backpack and I can hear music from his I-pod. Well, me, I'm wearing my new green pants, grey top, black cardigan, nice grey purse and black flats. I look like a girl who likes fashion, I guess. I can't tell you what they think of me. I just don't know. But I'm pretty sure I'm someone who's been reading magazines and watching @CAPS6 fashion shows. So, we all look very different, as if we are only interested in our own business. There is nothing else. I don't understand how we can be in the same group. But we are. The first ten minutes were awkward. We don't know what to say because we are all so different. The two @CAPS1s are documenting how our conversations went and decided to help us. They gave us a random word like "jungadzhumba" and told us to think what @CAPS9 is and do @CAPS9. This seems like an interesting thing to me, but not to others. The girl in black says @CAPS9 is stupid. And then, in the next second, something happened that changed everything. Boy made a joke about @CAPS9. Yeah, just a joke, I don't even remember what @CAPS9 was, the only thing is that @CAPS9 was really fun. We start @CAPS8. Laughter helps us. We chatted for so long, over an hour, but @CAPS9 seems too fast for us! We're talking about everything in the world! So much talk, we chatted in that room, then in the restaurant, on the subway on the way home... @CAPS9 is a great time! That day was very important to me because that day I realized that laughter is the key to everything. I've heard @CAPS9 before, but the real understanding is in @DATE3. My favorite quote right now is: "@CAPS8, if you don't know what to do, @CAPS8!" @CAPS9 will help you.
Laughing is a wonderful feeling. @CAPS1 feels great, @CAPS1 feels great, happy, safe and loved. In my opinion, this is the best person. People use laughter to express a sense of humor, to express love. I'm more of a depressed person, and my doctors always tell me, "@CAPS1 don't want wrinkles, so smile and laugh." I predict laughter is what makes people real. When @CAPS1 is angry, even sad. What is @CAPS1 trying to do? I don't think @CAPS1 will be unhappy all day? I think @CAPS1 will want your friends or family to make @CAPS1 laugh, so @CAPS1 can get over your restlessness and move on and be happy. There is nothing more important in life than love and laughter. There is no love without laughter. There is no laughter without love. We need each other to sustain our lives. Especially for those who have been through a lot of life. like me. I have family issues, I'm a sophomore, and I'm still standing on high with a big smile on my face. I know, everything will be fine @CAPS2, @CAPS4 I @CAPS2 laughed. It made me feel safe and made me feel that I was needed by the world. I've been through so much that other people look up to me. Speaking of which, I know exactly what @CAPS2 does. make them laugh. There is nothing more beautiful than human laughter. A lot of people have been wondering how I can be so strong because of all the horrible situations I've been through since middle school. I told them, "@CAPS2 laughed. It made @CAPS1 feel better in the end." I mean, @CAPS1 @MONTH1 feels silly when you're done laughing, but it also feels great. @CAPS1 can @CAPS2 laugh and move on. Because it is life. Notihng is perfect, things can get messy and people come and go. There will be tears and there will be laughter. When it's over, let go. Lol, @CAPS2 glad he/she was yours. Memories will last forever, cherish every moment @CAPS1 has, laugh and live life now because time is too short to waste time, frown. Laughter is the beauty of a person's voice. Some are high, some are low. Some were loud, some were quiet, and giggled. My mouth is loud. Also a big laugh. I'm small but @CAPS3 is so amazed by the volume of my laugh. I entertain people with my laugh, which changes the tone depending on my mood. Sometimes @CAPS1 can say my laughter is annoying, but I'm not afraid to laugh. I'm not, so don't be afraid, speak up, love the texts @CAPS3 sent each other, laugh out loud. Everything will be fine. It took a lot of effort to get me to stop laughing. Because I am a "blonde". @CAPS3 said. No matter what, I'll keep laughing. My teacher in fourth grade used to say, "@CAPS4 @CAPS1 laughs a lot. @CAPS1 will live longer." I still remember it since then, and I still and will believe that. Laughter made me who I am today and made me a better, stronger person. The most common thing people do is laugh. @CAPS1 can walk down the hall, mall, next door, outside, park, and anywhere else. There will always be people around the world laughing and sharing jokes. I'm glad people can speak through laughter.
Laughter is @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Does music, tears and laughter have something in common? @CAPS19 is all lingua franca - @CAPS19 transcends any @CAPS1 barriers, no words are needed to understand this. @CAPS21 is definitely a case of my @CAPS3 best friend @PERSON3 visiting from @LOCATION2. I was eight years old then. I've lived in @LOCATION1 my whole life and hearing other languages is not a very common occurrence. When my @CAPS3 announced that her college roommate @PERSON3 was coming with her family for a few days, I was a little apprehensive about the idea of trying to talk to them. However, my @CAPS3 is encouraging. "@CAPS4 will be a learning experience!" She is her passionate battle cry whenever I whine. "@CAPS5 will learn some @CAPS6, @CAPS19 will learn some @CAPS7." @CAPS4 was a cold, stormy @ORGANIZATION2 day when @CAPS19 arrived. I @CAPS12 felt shy when @CAPS19 pulled their blue minivan into our driveway. After all, I have only faint memories of a visit to "@CAPS9" @PERSON3 a few years ago, and I've never met the rest of her family. However, my concerns were quickly replaced by @CAPS9 @PERSON3's full voice: "@CAPS11! @CAPS5 is so tall!" @CAPS12 I am surrounded by her warm hugs and I smell my @CAPS9 Familiar smells: chocolate, detergent and something spicy, as if she was just cooking. Soon @ORGANIZATION1 started greeting my sister and I stood awkwardly next to @ORGANIZATION1's three kids. I realize I don't know what @CAPS2 can say - not even how to say anything to them. While @PERSON3 is bilingual, she doesn't speak @CAPS7 around her kids. There are @CAPS1 barriers in total. When the adults stepped in, the embarrassment passed in an instant. @PERSON3 squeezed into our silent crowd and started introducing us. Her eldest is tall, dark-haired @PERSON1, that's old and worldly twelve. The closest to my age is @CAPS14, 9, who has a quick laugh and a mischievous gleam in her eyes. The youngest, @PERSON2, was petite even when she was four. I smiled and nodded as everyone was introduced, and again when @PERSON3 introduced them to me and my sister @CAPS15. When @CAPS19 raved about her in @CAPS6, I marveled at how smart @CAPS19 said another @CAPS1 looked. I wonder, how does my @CAPS7 sound to them? My @CAPS3 led us into the house in no time. She's already started making dinner, and @PERSON3 is "catching up with life" in our tiny kitchen with her. There was a time when we kids were close to our parents, like birds hesitating to leave the nest. However, soon @CAPS4 discovered that 7 people was too much to fit in one kitchen. "@CAPS18 don't @CAPS5 show them your room?" my @CAPS3 advice. "@CAPS19 hasn't met @CAPS20 yet!" @CAPS21 seems like a good idea because our cat @CAPS20 is friendly to anyone and everyone. @CAPS15 and I lead the way to him while @CAPS23 speaks in the quiet @CAPS6 voice behind us. When we got to the living room, @PERSON2 @CAPS12 let out a scream. She runs across the floor to @CAPS20 who has been napping in the sun. I was worried she would scare him, but the overweight tabby just stood up sleepily and yawned. Then, to our surprise, @CAPS20 did something he had never done before. He jumped up and put his hind legs on @PERSON2's chest. He's a big cat and she's small so @CAPS4 came up so he was looking her in the eyes. For a moment, @CAPS19 looked at each other, a little surprised, and then she collapsed into a sitting position. Worried that she would cry, I started walking over to help, but what escaped her mouth was something else entirely different: the contagious laughter of a four-year-old. There was a moment when the rest of us were amazed at the silence as she howled at @CAPS4's hilarity, but soon enough we couldn't help but join in. At that moment, I realized we didn't even have to learn each other's languages - the laughter we shared broke the ice and @CAPS1 barriers. I still fondly remember that visit today because @CAPS4 was the first time I realized how similar other cultures are to our own. Admittedly, we had a hard time getting along at first. But in the end, we became friends, and it was all because of a cat, a four-year-old cat, and our shared @CAPS1 - laughs.
One day my brother and I were in the mall looking for a hat to buy. My brother came up to me and asked if he should get it, I told him he shouldn't and he put it back. Later we went to another store, I was in one store and my brother was in another. As I was about to buy something, I got a tap on the shoulder, I looked and saw a guy who worked in our last store with two police officers. I'm curious why he's talking to me. He said to me, "Hey, where's the hat you stole from my shop?" "I didn't steal the hat, bro," I replied. "@CAPS1 you did it, we got the news on tape that you're wearing a hat," the guy said. "@CAPS2 dude, I'm not wearing a hat" I replied. "@CAPS3.k. What about your brother, where is he?" the lad asked. I told him where he was and he went there with one cop while the other stayed with me while I was shopping. At this point, I'm very upset that my brother and I were accused of stealing a hat. The police started asking me some personal questions. I said I wanted to talk to my dad and tell him what happened. My brother and I were accused of stealing and my father was upset. My father asked me what happened and I told him the truth of what happened. As cops, my dad and I were walking back to watch a movie of the whole incident. We saw my brother walking back with another cop. "I can go, the video shows me putting the hat back on the shelf," my brother said. I'm still frustrated because the guy who worked at the store didn't watch the whole movie, only some clips. The guy apologized to my dad and me. I'm still pissed because the guy did watch the whole movie and I don't want people who see me with the cops think I'm a troublesome kid. When my brother and I look back on the experience, we laugh and joke around. @CAPS2 is justifiably angry that we didn't steal hats, we know that. Laughter makes us forget about it. I think it might have been different without our laughter about it. Laughter makes the experience more fun, there is always something to laugh about. It feels like you're carrying a bunch of weight on your shoulders for you to relive. I could have called the manager how I felt and what the guy did with the video, but I just forgot about it and made a few jokes to make myself laugh.
@DATE2 I woke up on a very nice day. The sky was clear and sunny, which is unusual for a day on @DATE1. I get up as usual. I ate breakfast, went to the bathroom, and brushed my teeth. I left home feeling a little tired, but fine. As I walk to my bus stop, I watch people pass by and say @CAPS4 from time to time. When I got to my bus stop, @CAPS5 was there. I thought maybe the bus had come to pick up the kids. I waited and waited. Almost fifteen minutes passed. I'm starting to worry. If I miss the bus, I can't go to @ORGANIZATION1. My parents work until @TIME1 and have a @CAPS5 drive me there. Then I decided to walk to the next stop. @CAPS5 has one too. By then, I was sure the bus came earlier and left me behind. I started walking back to my house. Once there, I opened the door to check out the @ORGANIZATION1 calendar hanging on the wall. There is nothing on @DATE3. @CAPS7 is a normal @ORGANIZATION1 day. @CAPS2 Will I miss the bus? I never miss a bus! I started asking myself about other possibilities. Maybe because of the weather, schools are closed. That's not possible because the weather is fine. Maybe something happened to the bus, like an accident, and @CAPS7 couldn't come, but that wasn't @CAPS7 either, because then the kids would be at their bus stop. The more I think about @CAPS7, the less @CAPS7 means to me. What happened that day? I am so sad. I put down my backpack in order to find my daily plan. I open @CAPS7 and search for @ORGANIZATION1's phone number. Then, I picked up the phone and dialed @ORGANIZATION1. "@CAPS1 has reached out to @ORGANIZATION1," said one woman on the call. "@CAPS2 @MONTH1 I help @CAPS1?" "@CAPS3, I'm a student there and I wonder if something went wrong because I didn't see the bus today?" I said. There was a moment of silence. The woman didn't answer me. This annoys me. "@CAPS4, is @CAPS1 still around?" I asked, anger in my voice. there is nothing. Then the woman started laughing. @CAPS8 laughed for almost a minute. This annoys me. What did I say to make her laugh like this? "@CAPS7 did I say that?" I asked. "@CAPS5, @CAPS5, I'm so sorry," @CAPS8 said, trying not to laugh. "@CAPS5, @CAPS7 that's it, does @CAPS1 know what day it is?" "@DATE3 for @CAPS7, isn't it @CAPS7?" @CAPS8 laughed again. "@CAPS5, today is not @DATE3, @DATE2 for @CAPS7." I was shocked to hear that. I've spent all my time trying to figure out what's going on. The only possibility I didn't think of is that @CAPS7 is @DATE2. I feel like an idiot. I put down the phone and started laughing. I laughed and laughed like I never had in years.
"Laughter" Laughter is an important part of my life. I love to laugh, whether it's about something, something, someone, someone, a funny event, a funny face, or just a funny joke. I once heard that the more you laugh, the longer you live; if that were true, I would live forever. I'm going to tell you a story about laughter because it's such a big part of my life. I laugh the most when I'm with my family and friends. They are all very funny people who joke around when they get the chance. There isn't a family gathering or a gathering of friends where I don't laugh. A very funny moment I will never forget was when my sister and I started getting to know our new stepmom @CAPS1. We all play this game where one person throws a football into a group of people and whoever catches it gets the score that the thrower shouts. We're both scoring left and right; however, @CAPS1 wasn't that hot. She came up with a plan that she said would allow her to win. In fact, it just ended and we were all on the floor crying for laughing so hard. I threw the ball and shouted "@NUM1 points!" @CAPS1 turned around. My eyes are wide open. Shayna laughed when @CAPS1 took off her pants to moon us. Football hits the grass, and so do all of us. We laughed until our stomachs hurt and our eyes watered. I really think that moment brought us all closer together. I believe laughter brings everyone closer together. My boyfriend and I are close because we laugh all the time; it's an important part of our relationship. Think about it. Of all the emotions we humans have and deal with on a regular basis, which one is truly universal? We can love, cry, hate and disrespect. Most of us have empathy and empathy, but one real feeling we humans share with and between another human being is smiles and laughter. If you can give a person a reason to laugh, then you are already connected, mile to inch. It's even bigger than that. The internet has provided us with a way to reach out through laughter. Not just in miles, but counties. You-tube is a social network for laughter. I put a lot of funny videos on YouTube and watch a lot of videos that make me laugh. I made this video for my friend the other day and I was playing @CAPS5. So much fun, I think I'll put it on your tube. I shared it with my mom and she laughed so hard. She shares with family, she shares with colleagues, and colleagues share with family and friends. They all laughed. Laughter is everywhere. Laughter can start in places like @PERSON1 and go all the way to @LOCATION1. Laughter isn't always a good thing, either. People can go from laughing at a funny joke to laughing and teasing a kid on the playground. Laughing doesn't always feel good if you're the one being laughed at. I don't like to laugh like that. I love remembering all the moments when I laughed and shared that special moment with my loved ones. Laughter is my daily routine. I have to write a book to keep telling you that laughter is an element of my life because it happens every day. I like to laugh. I hope you do the same.
People say "laughter cures anything", @CAPS6 you know what I totally believe. There have been many times when I felt sad or angry when someone made me laugh, and when they were upset I made almost everyone I know laugh. Now, in the full 16 years I've been alive, there are many people who have made me laugh. Honestly, I only remember that moment in my life when real laughter was all I needed to pull back to reality. My best friend @PERSON2 really knows what I need to help me. Her humor made my life real again, and because of that, I was able to get out of my life. That's @DATE1 and I'm really upset because I know the guy I've loved since 7th grade won't be dating me anymore. The reason he did this was because he didn't want to ruin our great and close friendship. Just because he said that doesn't mean I'm giving up. I tried @CAPS2 to win him back, but nothing seems to work. At this point, I knew I needed to talk to my best friend, so I texted @PERSON2. I told her @CAPS2 I was doing it and how it wasn't working. If you know @PERSON2, you know @CAPS1 sees the bright side of whatever @PERSON2 told me at the time, "@PERSON1, you can have anyone in the world, yet you can't seem to realize that.. I don't know about you, but you must be really @CAPS3 sick!" @CAPS1 said it once or twice because @CAPS1 knew it was true. I still can't do anything beyond what @CAPS1 told me. But that didn't stop me from smiling or laughing. I admit these words really brought tears to my eyes. and help me move forward. It's @DATE2 time, school is out and it's time to take my game to the next level. I'm still trying to win @PERSON3, the @CAPS3 of my life. I try @CAPS2 again! I even had @PERSON2 ask @PERSON3 if he still has feelings for me. He never gave her an answer. When I asked @PERSON2 for more advice, @CAPS1 responded as usual. "@PERSON1, @PERSON3 is just one person, there are many for you. You just have to seek out and stop trying for just one person". This got me thinking. @CAPS6 @CAPS1 is absolutely right, I just need to find someone who makes me feel the same way that @PERSON3 makes me feel. Don't get me wrong though, even though @PERSON2 was trying to be serious, I couldn't help laughing and giggling. I thought to myself as I giggled. I'm still like crazy @CAPS3 @PERSON3. This is the start of @DATE2 and when I get a text from @PERSON3 saying he might be moving to @LOCATION1 I'm relaxing at home as usual. I just started crying like a hungry baby. I'll text @PERSON2 to tell her soon, but @CAPS1 already knows. I also have a plan to win back @PERSON3, I told @PERSON2 about it all. My plan is to ask @PERSON3 if he wants to hike @CAPS4. Pisqah was with me before he moved. As we climbed all the way to the top, I'm going to tell him how I really feel about him, and then I'm going to kiss him. m @CAPS5 @PERSON2 reading this, her first reaction was, "@CAPS6 filming teenage girls, aren't you @CAPS3 and a romantic troll!" I almost peeed my pants when I read that. hysteria! My plan never materialized because @PERSON3 ended up not moving, thank goodness. Quintin and I haven't gotten back together yet, but I'm fine. His friendship with me has grown tremendously. I admit, though I can't help flirting with him a lot. Fortunately though, I have my best friend @PERSON2 to talk to. @CAPS1 is why my tears and moans turned into happiness and laughter. @PERSON2's humor reminds me of ants. Laughter made me see @CAPS2. I want to thank @PERSON2 for keeping me from going crazy or crazy about @CAPS2. Laughter healed my heart and changed my entire life dramatically.
I got up slowly and watched the paint drip off my face, hair and clothes. When I tried to jump from one clear spot on the floor to the next, a trail of paint followed me, but not many clear spots. All I can think of is if I'm going to let @CAPS5 go to high school, or not. I try not to get any more paint on the floor, I open the door cautiously, and let out a cry. "@CAPS1...hey mom?" I yelled half-heartedly, glancing back at the "painted" room. "@CAPS2?" she yelled back down the stairs. I couldn't open my mouth to answer. I've screwed up millions of times and none have been this bad. "@CAPS3, look...I've removed the paint from the paint pan." I replied softly, hoping she wouldn't hear me. "Paint retreat?" she asked in a confused tone as she walked up the stairs to see what was going on. I closed my eyes in horror as she turned the corner. My mind was racing as I tried to prepare myself to rant about how I had to be more careful and punishing. did not come. She started to break down. @CAPS8 I was baffled to see my mom sitting on the floor and nearly peeing her pants. Then I realized I might be a sight to behold. I was covered in paint from head to toe. I started giggling as I accepted the situation, only things like this can happen to me. After a few minutes we finally got ourselves under control and Mom went to get some tissues to clean up my mess. She came back upstairs with the character of tissues and a plastic trash bag. "@CAPS4, I put plastic covers over everything before I let you paint," she said, smiling at me. "@CAPS5 will be worse if I spill paint on the carpet." I replied with a smile. I started to remove the plastic cover to reveal the unsoiled carpet. The trash can is as full as @LOCATION1 on @CAPS6. After we collected the last plastic lid, I put the last plastic lid in and slammed the trash can lid. My mom came in with @CAPS7 and a handful of tissues. "@CAPS8 what made the paint pan suddenly fall off, @CAPS9?, @CAPS10 Did you trip over the plastic cover, or did you drop the paintbrush into the pan?" she asked me, as she gave me a confused look. I do not know what to say. "I...@CAPS1, @CAPS3, I was about to paint a fringe on the ceiling when I took the first step on the ladder and slipped. Landed in the paint pan and took the paintbrush in my face" I didn't mention the fact that I tripped over the laces. My mom always blames me for not tying my shoes properly. My mom started laughing uncontrollably again. She started to turn red. I couldn't believe her reaction. The situation is funny @CAPS8 and I'm starting to laugh again - @CAPS3. In my wildest dreams, I never thought anyone would forgive me in such a big way. Once we finally stopped laughing, my mom and I were done cleaning up the mess. My mom and I remember this day as our moment of bonding. I realize now that my mom will understand and forgive my mistakes, no matter how big.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Going into a school office is a normal thing for me. I was in elementary school and already got into the habit of making myself sick" so I could go home. It's worked several times @CAPS2, but the reality is that some adults can be smart enough to beat "my sickness" As a kid, I was a perfect actor, but obviously my acting skills were fading. All the crew was new me back then, and now it's hard for me to get out. I remember being in fourth grade when I showed up at the office, but Not willingly innocent I never know what's going to happen next. My cousin @PERSON2 was in the same class as me, we looked alike when we were kids, teachers often confused who we were because we looked like twins . One day my cousin had a few math problems, @PERSON1, our math teacher decided to stay for a few minutes after school to help her. But we also ride the same bus a lot and I decided to wait for her to catch the bus together . those minutes got longer and longer and once @PERSON2 was out we had missed the bus. That's when we showed up in the office and she was that chunky old lady who made my mind up. I'll always remember She sat in her chair in front of the computer filling out some papers. This time she knew it wasn't those "want to go home" days. We said "we missed the bus" and she asked us why, and we all gave explanations. Meanwhile, she called @PERSON1 to make sure we were telling the truth. When @PERSON1 came along, the lady at the office explained what we were saying, but the problem was that she confused our explanation, thinking we were all because of the same Cause missed the bus and made me look like a liar. When @PERSON1 heard the news she said I wasn't telling the truth when I tried to explain to her that lady got it wrong even though my cousin tried Defending me didn't help, but the lady at the office said she was pretty sure I said it. As a kid I feel ashamed even though I knew I was telling the truth. @PERSON1 Mrs. decided to give me a fault, but deep inside I Knowing I'm telling the truth, that's what matters. As a kid, it seemed like the end of the world in these situations. Angry because there was nothing I could do about it, but looking back now, I have a smile on my face because In my bad judgment I can only think the teacher was mean, but now I understand it was just a big misunderstanding. Now about @NUM1 years and the memory is still with me, but I can only make the most of it .When I hang out with my cousin @PERSON2, we base our conversation on these funny moments from our childhood that just bring laughter and just remember the stupid things we did when we were young. Share those moments Bringing us closer not only as family, but as friends, there is nothing better than enjoying long hours of laughter with those we love."
Laughter is the key I think happiness is a big part of life because it feels good to be happy. If I was in an unhappy relationship, I wouldn't like it at all. In a happy relationship, laughter is the first thing I encounter, I always smile and tell jokes because if I tell a joke and they are laughing, they know I'm a happy person. If you meet anyone, it's a grown-up friend, someone you want to hang out with, and they'll always enjoy the laughs. Let's say me and my girlfriend, when I first saw her, she was sitting at the table in my history class crying, I asked her if she was ok, after she told me her story, she told me her story, I told her how it felt, and I told her a joke and she laughed. She finished laughing and asked me for my phone number, and we started dating that night. I asked her what she liked about me and she said the way I made her laugh. I always like to make my family and friends laugh because if they smile, I smile too. I use laughter to make people feel better about themselves and myself. If the world could learn to laugh and be happy, it would be a better place because I'd rather laugh and be happy than be angry or sad about something. Growing up I was always alone so I had to learn how to make myself happy so I would think about the funny things I saw or said in the past and try to make a story about it and it worked . When I got older, I started doing stand-up comedy. It feels good to see everyone laughing. Then after the show to see all the people walking out with big smiles it was a night I will never forget that night have a great day
My smile is a mask. It masks all past tragedies, future misfortunes, and present mistakeslosses. Life is a puzzle I can't figure out. I'm lost, and the more I get into life, the more I lose myself. Insulate myself from the world, sleep on a tear-soaked tissue bed, and stare at the face in the mirror that I despise so much. Laughter, or even just a smile goes a long waya long way. It sends the wrong message to those who can't tell whether a mask is real or perfectly worn. That's my message, right? Soon, my laughter diminished, my smile dropped, and my lips started to tremble. It felt like my heart was bleeding and being squeezed at the same time. The eyes start to get wet, start to sting, and turn red as if they were infected. Don't ask me if I'm okay, don't ask to do anything for me, or hug me. It just blows me up, there are no exceptions. Peace, the only thing needed right now; of course, my best friend, tissues.
In ninth grade, I was asked to speak on a book. The speech needs to be persuasive, just like a TV or radio commercial. I'm not good at speaking. Before a presentation, my hands would get wet and cold, and I would experience "hot flashes" and occasionally feel sick. During the presentation, my eyes scanned the room frantically, and my breathing pattern changed to quick short breaths. Almost in sync with my line of sight. At the end of my presentation, I started shaking, almost in a state of shock. I don't talk, I don't laugh, I want to hide. Fortunately, @CAPS4's presentation was different. All girls and one boy in my @CAPS1 class. Not that I'm sexist, but it does help that the majority of the room is female. Girls have a way of being receptive, or at least creating a surface of acceptance, and that really makes me feel relaxed and at peace. So when I needed to be at the front of the classroom, almost everyone in the class had an ambitious smile and was willing to listen to what I had to say. Everyone was making eye contact with me. Compared to the average classroom setup of "speaking time" (when people doodle each other or talk with their mouths), the classroom is delineated on me. Today @CAPS5 feels like everyone is ready to listen to me no matter what I really have to say and how professionally @CAPS5 comes out. I feel so superior as if I have the power to change their lives, almost so superior I can spit on them and they'll eat @CAPS5 (@CAPS2 'Isn't advertising what? Tell a group of people good things about a product or ideas, and hide bad things?). The group looked innocent. I'm ready to give my talk today just because of that spark of acceptance and that smile. I start. My talk was told with puppets and cardboard boxes around @CAPS5 for TV. @CAPS4 also makes me feel better because all the audience sees is my puppet and all they hear is the "actor" voice. The first few lines of @CAPS3's talk my classmates laughed, @CAPS4 was not what they expected. I'm a shy, quiet girl with little courage to raise my hand in class. I wear a half coat or something to put a barrier between myself and the world. A lot of times when I give a speech, people laugh, but usually it's a negative laugh. The kind of laughter that the teacher had to silence everyone. @CAPS5 is also the kind of laughter that makes me cut short speeches, it just makes speeches an intro and an epilogue, no body. So for me, breaking my shell was a huge step in the right direction as most people think. The laughter of @CAPS4 coaxed me to continue my talk. At the end of my speech, everyone applauded. They always applaud. @CAPS5 need to applaud. @CAPS4 claps differently, @CAPS5 applauds the speaker's success, clapping and saying "@CAPS4's speech is purposeful and makes the audience want to keep listening". @CAPS5 Not a pity. Then I laughed. My smile means I know I've succeeded. I gathered a group of people focused on listening to what I have to say, they already understand @CAPS5, maybe they want to read the book now. @CAPS4 was one of my first talks that met all the requirements. The length of the speech is good, not long enough to put the audience to sleep or so fast that they forget the real purpose of the speech. I made all my words clear so everyone could understand what I was talking about, @CAPS4 is a clear improvement and a factor in their laughs. They could hear my witty jokes and comments. Lastly, my puppets also have an introduction, body and conclusion to their babble. Usually I get so nervous that I forget to say the main body of the speech. Laughing can be mean, cruel and disrespectful. My speech story is an example of how laughter can positively impact people. The audience's laughter is cheerful, happy, encouraging and receptive.
The love of @LOCATION1 is a little boy who doesn't have much ambition in life. He is ridiculed and ridiculed to the point of hiding at home and not talking to anyone. The other boys at school will laugh at @ORGANIZATION1 for being so much younger. He was never the fastest or the strongest or the coolest, but he was the smartest. He knows how to twist and twist any phrase to make himself feel superior to others. @ORGANIZATION1 is really lonely, he never laughs or feels the cool touch of a lover. He wishes so much he could be more outgoing that a girl would fall in love with him. In fact, he's been following a girl named @PERSON1 for months. She was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. When she's with her friend @CAPS1, he follows her around the city almost every day, passing her on his bike almost every day. @ORGANIZATION1 hates @CAPS1 because he spends every day with @PERSON1 and has to hold her and talk to her. @ORGANIZATION1 has been envious of @CAPS1 for about four months before he messaged her on a site called "myyeabook", a place to meet new people and make friends. @ORGANIZATION1 sent her a friend request and asked for her number. Hopefully she will find him attractive and get him to text her. @PERSON1 accepted his request and sent him a message saying "@CAPS4 I see you in the town next to me, we should hang out sometime cool." @ORGANIZATION1 almost read this Losing it, he went for a haircut and a new outfit just to make her think he was attractive and cool. @PERSON1 and her friend @PERSON2 went to the park, waiting for this guy named @ORGANIZATION1. She and @PERSON2 have played on the swings, spinning each other on the spinning wheel. @ORGANIZATION1 has been on his bike and put it a hundred yards away from where they are. He walked over and said "@CAPS4". Go to @PERSON2 and continue to @LOCATION2. He told her that he thought she was beautiful and had a charming smile. @PERSON1 blushed and asked him if he wanted to swing for a while. @PERSON2 left home and saw @PERSON1 would get along just fine with this guy, little did they know they were made for each other. @ORGANIZATION1 let his guard down, told her some jokes, he almost told her his life story with her, he was so comfortable around her, he didn't know why. @PERSON1 felt the same way, she was amused by his jokes and told him her life story. In this brief meeting, they bond on a level far removed from their age. @ORGANIZATION1 found out that @PERSON1 is smart, loves the outdoors, and is almost a female version of herself. After a month of talking and hanging out on and off, @ORGANIZATION1 sent @PERSON1 a text that said "@CAPS6 Would you like to be my partner in life?" @PERSON1 felt compelled by @ORGANIZATION1 wanting her to be his girlfriend Shocked and excited. @PERSON1 simply replied "@CAPS6 are you mine?" @ORGANIZATION1 replied to her "I love you". @PERSON1 was the happiest girl in the world on @DATE1, @NUM1 @DATE2 that night. Wherever the two go together, and do anything together, everyone knows they are a match made in heaven. @PERSON1 started falling in love with @ORGANIZATION1 and finally told him after four months together. @ORGANIZATION1 was so happy that he went out and bought her a ring and she accepted. @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 moved in together and started a family. In everything you do, at work, at home, or even in the hope of finding the perfect person, a little laughter can go a long way. @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 found out that their love came from that day in that park a few months ago, and even the smallest thing, like a clichd joke, or another person's adventure, can lead to a lifetime of true love. All it takes is a little laugh.
Moving house is never easy, especially for fourth graders. I've been dreading going back to a new school on @DATE2 and that day has come. As I reluctantly stepped onto the bus, my @CAPS1 assured me. As I browsed the seats, I found that I needed to try to make new friends or go through my fourth grade career alone. The bus ride was quiet, I didn't speak to anyone, and they didn't speak to me. The school day starts like any other day. First, the teacher divided everyone's seats into pairs, and I sat next to a boy named @PERSON1. At first I thought my school life would still be one person, I wasn't sure what my seatmate problem was, but no language exchanged. The rest of the day went by quickly and before I knew it, it was over. I made it on my first day of school. Taking the bus home is no different than going to school because I get off the bus at home and my mom is there to ask me how my day is going. After telling her all this, she said I should try to be myself and eventually I'll make friends. That was @DATE1, and I woke up that morning with my newfound motivation. I got ready for the day and waited at my bus stop, I kept waiting for almost half an hour to get to my mom. After calling the school, we found out that my bus had a minor accident, so I had to drive to school that day. My mom was surprised but told me to get in the bus and she was going to take me to school and just as we were pulling out of the driveway I noticed @PERSON1, my seat partner, was waiting at his bus stop, totally unaware what happened. My mom stopped screaming, rolled down the window and asked if he wanted a ride. At first he seemed unsure, but he accepted our offer. The car passed in silence, listening to the radio. We got to school and @PERSON1 and I started walking to class. I don't know how, but I want to run from the sidewalk to our classroom. I was sprinting down the sidewalk under the watchful eye of @PERSON1 and I almost went to class until one of the teachers decided to open the door. I ran through the door at full speed and fell on the sidewalk. After rubbing a big bump on my head, I turned around to see @PERSON1 laughing hysterically. I was a little pissed off at first, until I thought about it, which might be interesting to onlookers. I scraped myself off the cement, walked over to @PERSON1 and we laughed about it and went to class. We were talking to the whole class that day, and even got stuck on two occasions. Since that day, @PERSON1 has been my best friend and we have known each other for eight years with no end in sight. Overall, in my opinion, laughter is an important part of everyday life and a great way to make friends.
When I was younger, my friends and I would play at @CAPS1 @CAPS2. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is a @CAPS2 in the middle of an orchard with a slide, boring diving, and two rope swings. We'll be sitting on @CAPS2 playing, swimming and laughing all the time @DATE1. We will be attending @CAPS4 day meetup and calibrating @CAPS5 on @DATE2 at @CAPS2. One day I remember very well, like yesterday. The last day of school was just over and my friends and I got on the bus as fast as we could. We all started running and taking off our swimming trunks when the bus stopped at @CAPS2. I was the first to go in, and I ended up being the first to lean on the water as cold as a river, feeling like a thousand little nettles stinging me over and over again. My friends describe me as a bouncy ball because I get out as fast as I get in. As soon as my friends saw my blue lips, they all started laughing so much that some of them fell into the icy water themselves. Afterwards, we took you to @CAPS1's house, had him turn on the generator, and in about an hour the lake was warm enough to swim in. After we all swam for a while, we decided to go for the rope swing. After a while we started doing backflips and when we stopped our backs and chests were as red as apples in an orchard and our throats hurt from laughing. In addition to the pain from fetching water over and over, we were also hungry, so we fired up the grill and started making burgers. When the first and second batches were like a pile of coals, we decided to order pizza. We spent time in the air and there were thousands of airsoft @CAPS7 floating in the lake when the pizza arrived. As we ate, we sat on the small dock with our legs stuck in it , collecting what @ CAPS7 After eating, we started playing hide and seek in the orchard. After about ten rounds, we were both injured by throwing trees, so of course we would look into soda being the cut, and to this day I still wonder why we did it because it really hurts. Once we stop being stupid, we laugh at ourselves, and then we laugh at each other. Before long, we played swim softball on the corner of the pier and pitchers on the pontoon. We use floats to swim from base to base. Eventually the sun started to set and we built a fire next to @CAPS2 and roasted marshmallows on it. When will @CAPS9 pick us up, we are in a belly save game. Before leaving, we promised to never forget that day, we will always be friends, and laughter will always be the glue. That night I stayed up all night thinking about all the fun and laughter we had that day and it was definitely the start of one of the best summers of my life and one of the most memorable.
This is @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1 from @DATE1, the sun is shining and the birds are chirping. So glad @ORGANIZATION1 was doing something unique outside to enjoy the good weather. @LOCATION1 has a parade, a parade I attend. I love being the center of attention, I love being seen; what better way than to be in a parade? I'm with my best friend @PERSON2 and her family. @ORGANIZATION1 has float. This is the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 they had at the time. We had a lot of kids on the float, maybe twenty or so. Only @PERSON2, @PERSON2's mom, and @ORGANIZATION1's manager, @ORGANIZATION1, help with the kids. Children wear animal costumes. While the toddlers are floating, the older ones are handing out candy. @PERSON2 and I were laughing all the time, I almost forgot there were hundreds of people watching. We have two twin babies with us. I don't remember their names. We closed a few times, but most of the time I was holding the boy and she was holding the girl. They are good babies and don't cry a lot unless we laugh a lot. Or yell at the crowd. We passed a group of people we knew. I've met my cousins, and several aunts and uncles. I could only wave to them because the march was surprisingly fast. After a while @PERSON2 I started to get tired from holding the baby and moving around. So we stood in front of the float, leaning against the wooden railing. The railing is only nailed inside, so it's not very sturdy. We thought it would be nice. The parade went on and we started getting more tired and hot. We felt like we could fall asleep in front of everyone. We leaned more and more exhausted against the railing. We were still laughing and having a good time, but we became more and more relaxed and we ended up pushing all our weight on the railing. Next thing we knew the rails were broken and we fell. There was a group of people watching, and we were holding the baby. I was holding the girl and @PERSON2 was holding the boy. The boy just fell asleep. The baby was fine, but the boy started crying, he wasn't hurt, just shocked. This is the most embarrassing moment we've ever had. The crowd started laughing at us and our faces were all red. The Baileys' mom came to us to make sure we were all right. She handed the baby over to the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 manager who was there. Then @PERSON2's mom helped us out. Then we all laughed. This is not only the most embarrassing moment of our lives, it is also the funniest. Our butts were sore, so we had fun walking the rest of the parade. At one point @PERSON2 even stood on the float and she leaned against the railing again until she realized it wasn't there anymore. @PERSON2's family stood there waiting for us at the end of the parade. Tag the kids' uncles @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 to come up and laugh at us and make fun of us. @PERSON4 Dad asked if we were okay. When he asked about @PERSON2, I looked at me and laughed again. Dad just looked puzzled and joined us in laughter. He's glad we just laughed the embarrassment off. Then we went home. @ORGANIZATION1 is a good @ORGANIZATION1 for us. We got home and talked about what happened. We all realize that if we don't laugh at ourselves, then we may end up crying out of embarrassment. We realize that when bad things happen, it's better to look on the bright side, make a joke, or just laugh at ourselves. @PERSON2 and I have fooled ourselves so many times that self-mockery brings us closer. Every relationship, whether intimate, family, or just friendship, needs laughter; otherwise, the tough things in life will bring you down. Laughter is what makes you brave and strong. If something embarrassing happens and you don't laugh, that embarrassing moment will stay with you forever, and it will affect you in the long run. If you never laugh in a relationship, it's not a relationship at all. That's why laughter is so important in everyone's life.
When I was fourteen, I think my family and I started riding quads on the beach. My parents' friend was the one who got us started riding. The first time I went there I had a @NUM1 @ORGANIZATION2 quad and I couldn't help laughing because it's so small everyone has big quads and buggies but go out with that thing It's funny and my family laughs every time my brother rides it up the hill because he just gets away with that. After that ride we sold my quad and got @NUM2 @ORGANIZATION1. This is my first time taking my new quad to the dunes and I can't wait. We got to the dunes, unloaded everything, put on our riding gear, put on our helmet, put on our goggles. Thirty minutes into the ride, my brother was jumping on his quad when someone showed up and was videotaping him, which made him a little show off. So he jumped farther and farther in front of those people every time. My family couldn't stop smiling and laughing because he was in front of everyone who tried to outdo him. So when he wasn't dancing, the guys who were videotaping him came up to us and they told us he was really good and we should dance with them again. So my brother tried to calm down and tossed his bike around and screwed it up and my dad and I laughed so hard we had tears in our eyes but luckily for him my dad and I were the only ones watching to his little car accident. So we went to see if he was okay and he said yes, so we took off. My brother and I were right behind them, and our parents were gone. I turned my head to see if they were behind us and when I looked forward all I saw was sand on my face which made me turn the handlebars so I hit a grassy hill and the bike flew in The air rolled down a hill and landed on my lap, my brother didn't know he did that to me, so I was stuck until my parents came. I don't know why but I can't help but laugh because believe it or not the shipwreck is actually kind of funny and funny because no matter what I do I can't seem to get that quad off my lap . About ten minutes passed and my quad was in my lap and I finally heard a loud bang and it was my dad and he came to save me so I told him what happened and he kept laughing at me . He told me he would get my brother back. So when we were on our way back to the truck my brother was behind my dad and my dad settled him with sand so much that his goggles fell off! My parents and I couldn't stop laughing and finally we pulled over so we could stop laughing at my brother. After that, my brother stopped letting me perch. It's been a year since we started riding and my brother hasn't settled me in yet. He still tends to show off. This time my mom's friends came out and my brother tried to stay calm and rode really fast after coming out of the dunes, he slipped on the concrete, he crashed in front of us, maybe like seven, every Everyone is hilarious laughing next to mom. He looked at his arm, which was covered in rashes. Well, I guess that's what he's trying to show off. It's like he wants to show off his wreck every time, so why does he keep doing it? I don't know why, but maybe he should stop at some point so he doesn't screw up every time we go out. Jokes don't bother me when he's wrecked because they're usually funny. I think that's why we have so much fun out there because of him.
Do you have a friend that you can only seem to laugh at when you're with them? I have, his name is @PERSON1. He was with me, doing nothing but spending countless hours joking, smiling, and enjoying himself. Laughter is an important quality in any relationship or friendship. In the next few paragraphs, I'll explain why laughter is so important and how it made his and our friendship so strong and compatible. First of all, @PERSON1 is my closest friend. We are all very fun and outgoing people. We tend to ease stressful situations through our sense of humor. This is important because without laughter, you don't enjoy things as much. Someone once told me "every minute you laugh, you add a year to your life." This is important because no one wants to live a short, miserable life. Let's make the worst case @CAPS7 together and move on. Laughter is something that no one can do without. It's one of the things that can make the biggest difference in someone's life, in a good way or a bad way. Laughter in our relationship is like glue. When things get tough between us, or just things get tough, we make a deliberate joke and try to forget what went wrong. One way our sense of humor comes in handy is when we find out he's being deployed. If you've never experienced it before, let me tell you, it's hard. I remember everything from that day, when I got the call from @CAPS1, I was outside fixing the fence. When I answered his voice, his voice was timid and trembling, like I had never heard him before. Then he told me he was coming over and he had something to tell me. I wasn't too concerned at first because he had a tendency to joke and almost never took it seriously, this time I was wrong. Within 20 minutes, I could hear the roar of his red diesel car driving down our driveway. When he got to the door, he didn't go in directly as usual, but knocked on the door. To my surprise, when he stuck his head out, his face was as red as a cherry, his eyes were swollen with tears, and his voice was shaking with grief. I knew then that it was serious. After three painful hours of sobbing and hugging, he explained to me that he would be leaving @LOCATION1 in four days. It is difficult to accept all of them at once. I know he's in the military, but I guess I just didn't expect that day to come. Finally, we started talking more and more about its exact details. Then we start @ORGANIZATION1 where he can find things that remind him of home. It turned into a joke day. Our first mission to find @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION2 failed. Our second mission, @CAPS3-@CAPS4, failed again. Finally, our third task is to find anything that reminds him of me. We concluded that our @CAPS7 ideas were @CAPS5 @CAPS6. In return, we drove to @CAPS7 @CAPS8 in his truck ad and bought two high tech @CAPS5 cameras and went home to set it up. That in itself is a memory I will never forget. When the day finally came to an end, we realized that yes, it was hard for us, but we're not going to let that get us down. We then spent the next four days doing what he convinced himself "he @MONTH1 will never do again". We spent hours playing @CAPS9-box, hours playing soccer in the yard, and even hours swinging and sliding in the park. The reality is that without laughter and fun, we probably won't be able to cope with it. To this day, we still plan a specific time and "@CAPS6 it up" together. All in all, while things get tough and overbearing, there is always an escape. For me and my @CAPS7 friends, this escape is laughter. When it's the worst, turn on your favorite cartoon, call the guy who always makes you laugh, spend hours doing pointless but funny things, enjoy what's at your fingertips, and laugh, You @MONTH1 never know when these things happen to get up and walk away.
Many things are said to bring people together. These things can range from favorite foods to fashion tastes and even not liking the same person, but nothing brings two people together like a good laugh. Laughing always lightens the mood, brings out a triumphant smile, and sheds tears from time to time. Laughing makes bad days manageable and good days wonderful. In my opinion, the world doesn't work if you laugh every now and then. When I @CAPS5 by "funny" I don't mean the kind that makes you happy for a while, I mean the kind that makes you cry and has a shivering feeling in your stomach. The kind of laugh you remember. I've been through a lot of these moments, but the ones I cherish the most happen to happen during school days. I had a great day a few weeks ago, of course @CAPS1, so the weather got my spirits down a bit, but I'm doing fine. I took my normal class, did my average homework, and it was time for @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is basically a study room at my school. I sat at a round table with a few friends and talked about almost everything. Every day, I sit next to @PERSON1. @PERSON1 and I occasionally sit down and talk to other people, but we tend to isolate ourselves from others, locking ourselves into our own private world full of inside jokes, smart laughs and people watching . So during @CAPS2 that day, I don't really remember what we were talking about at the dinner table, and we couldn't help but laugh. Most of the laughs were just giggles, and some were straight-up, hardcore red-faced laughs. After we all settled down from our recent laughter, @PERSON1 started talking. She inexplicably spit out a few words: "@CAPS4 y'all! y'all hurt my eyes!" in the laughter still blooming in her mouth. When she finished, I was puzzled. I just stared at her and stammered "...what?". I'm sure she's wrong about her eyes and not her stomach, but when she replies "@CAPS5 don't your eyes hurt when you laugh so hard?!" I lost control. I laughed so hard I felt like I was going to pee! Look, it's interesting that @PERSON1 is @CAPS6. So the thought that her eyes hurt from laughing so hard is just uncontrollably funny. After @PERSON1 and I held our breath, we asked the other @CAPS7 in the room if their eyes hurt when they laughed and guess what? They @CAPS8! It just makes us laugh more. The occasion immediately became another inside joke we cherish. This inside joke is one of the funniest yet, it's funny, it just makes it more fun! Every time she laughs I ask: "@CAPS8 do your eyes hurt?" We just burst into more laughter. The thought of this joke alone puts a smile on my face, which is why laughter is so important in our world. It brings happiness, joy and love. Well, actually it brings out almost all positive emotions. I'm not a doctor @MONTH1 yet, but I know I'm right; everyone deserves their daily laughter. Laughter heals almost everything.
This is @DATE1 and my friend @PERSON1 will be home with @CAPS2. We discussed our plans for the week at all @DATE1 on @DATE1. Some of the ideas that came to our minds included going to the movies, hanging out at my house, getting my nails done while telling a story, or venturing around my community. At lunch at @DATE1, we decided to try and get all our ideas done because we had @DATE1 days to hang out. After lunch, we went to the next two classes, which seemed to pass slowly. Finally, the @DATE1 bell rang @DATE1 and @PERSON1 I ran to our locker to meet and take all our stuff home. We walked outside @DATE1's front door and waited for my mom on the front steps. We waited 20 minutes @DATE1 and we remember my mom telling @CAPS2 we have to walk home after @DATE1 because she has to work late. @PERSON1 and I looked at each other and started laughing because we completely forgot about having to walk home. Finally, we stopped laughing and got up and walked home. On the way home we took out my i-pod and turned the volume up to max so we could listen to music and dance. We finally got home, put everything down and had a drink. On the way to my mom's work, we stopped at the local gas station for a bite to eat. We left the gas station and continued my mom's work. On the way to the bank where my mom works, we met a dog chasing squirrels. The dog was running so fast that the hair on his face was pushed back and looked like it was about to be ripped off. The squirrel ran to a nearby tree, but the dog didn't realize he couldn't climb the trunk and ran headfirst into the tree. @PERSON1 and I started laughing at the dog as he stumbled around for a few minutes before deciding to sit down and bark at his tree. We left the dog and squirrel and continued to the bank. Twenty minutes later, we got to the bank and talked to my mom. She gave us money to buy coffee and then she told us to go home. On the way home we stopped for coffee at @ORGANIZATION2. On the way back to my house from @ORGANIZATION2 we watched people drive by and laugh at all the people singing in their cars while they stopped at the lights. We went back to my house and decided to put on a movie. We watched @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and ate popcorn. We laugh every time the Minions appear in a movie because we all think they're cute. After the movie, my parents came home and we had pizza and @CAPS3. Chili for dinner. After eating and playing wii, I fell asleep. Next @DATE1, when we wake up, my dad makes us pancakes and eggs for breakfast. We were ready to go after breakfast, and my mother took us to the mall. At the mall, my mom told @PERSON1 and I to meet her in the food court around two. We left my mom for the first store. When we walked to a store, we saw a man with a mohawk and a green beard. We looked at each other and started laughing because his beard looked like a toppled @CAPS4 tree. At @NUM1 o'clock we left and went back to the food court to meet my mom. She bought us @ORGANIZATION1 and told us we could go to the movies if we left now. We decided to stay another hour and then we left to go home. On the way home, we danced in the back seat and sang all the songs we knew. When we got home we played wii until my dad got there. After my dad got home, we had dinner and played wii again. This time when we played wii, we let my parents play too. Whenever it was my mom's turn, we laughed because of how she would make herself bowl. After we played wii @PERSON1, I walked into my room and talked about all the people we love. We mock some of our choices for the reasons we like them. We chatted for about two hours and then fell asleep. The next @DATE1, we woke up and had eggs and toast for breakfast. After breakfast @PERSON1 get dressed and go home. After she left, we texted about all the fun we had and how we couldn't wait for tomorrow.
All the memories I've shared with my friends over the years have come with an emotional expression. Often they include plenty of laughter and happiness, just enjoying life and being a teenager. But on the other hand, sometimes these memories are tinged with sadness: everyday frustrations, important playoff games we narrowly lost, or the passing of important people in our lives. I think these highs and lows are most remembered in our minds because they are accompanied by auditory (laughing and crying) things that our brains perceive as more important than a typical day. As children, we are easily influenced, so if something makes us very happy or unusually sad, it affects us and is remembered. I think everyone knows that teenagers are not necessarily the most logical thinkers. Some speculate that the genes in our unborn brains are programmed to make silly decisions and possibly get in trouble when we reach our teens. I speak on behalf of my generation when I say that our actions are not always well thought out and that sometimes we simply have no reason to explain the strange things we do. For example, my friend @PERSON1 has a peculiar, almost compulsive, need to keep her car clean at all times. She cleaned it multiple times throughout the month and is convinced that going slow helps keep dirt and debris from her mile-long gravel drive away from the candy apple red paint on her @ORGANIZATION1. It doesn't bother me except every day I go to her house with our other friends @CAPS1 and @PERSON2 after school to kill time before practice. This group is always in a rush to leave school because we are tired, hungry and just want to go to her house to relax, but @PERSON1 never succumbs to our relentless begging and is very content to drive at turtle speed. One day, @PERSON2 had had enough and said she could run faster than @PERSON1 could drive. @PERSON1 decides to accept her offer, stops her car, and @PERSON2 starts to get out and jog in the driveway next to the car. Soon she was far in front of us, dancing and dancing towards our destination. However, she soon changed her mind because the car was going slow enough that she climbed on the hood and we continued to drive slowly. We were about 200 feet from @LOCATION1's house and there was only a small bend before we got there, when @PERSON1 realized that if her grandparents who lived next door saw us, she was in trouble. She didn't care to enlighten the rest of us with the details of her mental observations, and stopped suddenly in the middle of the driveway. @PERSON2 slid off the hood, of course we were only going about 8 mph and the power pushed her to trot forward. She slid down the gravel road, landed behind her, jumped over the ground, and stopped. Those of us left in the car were shocked, we gaped, we stared at her for a few seconds, she was still sitting. Then she stood up, turned to face us, and burst into hysterical laughter. We all let out a collective sigh and also erupted in hysteria, staying in the same place for five full minutes. All of us laughed out loud at this scene, almost to tears, and we laughed randomly for the rest of the day and told all of our other friends about it. We've come to realize that this is a stupid thing, @PERSON2 can get hurt. But she wasn't, so we all shared our friendship at the time. Laughter has the power to connect people. Getting someone to laugh, triggering an emotional trigger in their heart, telling their brain, "@CAPS2, I'm having a good time" takes effort. @CAPS3 Crying is an expression of extreme sadness, laughter is an expression of joy and elation, an expression of happiness. It shows that you're enjoying what you're doing and wants those around you to recognize it. I really enjoy those memories that contain laughter, and when I think of those memories, I always laugh out loud again. I think laughter is one of the rare and simple joys in life. You don't have to spend money or drive somewhere, almost nothing. It's timeless, simple, and fun.
During @DATE1 in 6th grade @CAPS4, parents decided to divorce. I got a call at @CAPS4's best friend @PERSON1's house. "@CAPS1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Dad" @CAPS4 @CAPS5 said to me over the phone. "@CAPS6 @CAPS5, @CAPS9 of @CAPS8?" I asked him (past tense. "@CAPS10 needs to go home, @CAPS10 @CAPS18 provided me with divorce papers today." @CAPS12 told me. I can feel @ Tears in CAPS4's eyes started to swell @CAPS9. I didn't know @CAPS8 was happening, I was just @NUM1 and vaguely knew that @CAPS8 divorce was. I didn't say a word to him, hung up @CAPS9, ran into @PERSON1 I know the divorce will change me, but I don't realize the extent of @CAPS8. I'm staying at @LOCATION1's house for the next two weeks. I can't get home. I don't want to see @CAPS4 @CAPS18 Or @CAPS4 father. At night, I worry about the horror @CAPS8 @CAPS4 sisters are going through, the horror they have to endure when I leave. I wonder what @CAPS8 @CAPS4 father is up to, where @CAPS4 @CAPS18 is, and @CAPS4 Is the CAPS4 sister @CAPS13. Although I knew I was supposed to be home sometime during those two weeks, I didn't. I felt safe and secure during those two weeks at @LOCATION1's home, but not once did I feel Joy. It's an emotion I've been craving, but every time I try to smile, try to laugh, try to be myself, I just can't. When I put @CAPS9's on @CAPS4's father, I know Something has changed in my heart. I've never had @CAPS9 on anyone before. This is something I know I shouldn't do but I'm so frustrated I do it anyway. When @CAPS4 @CAPS18 on @CAPS4 When she picked me up @CAPS9 after staying at @LOCATION1's for two weeks, she looked at me with concern. I've never seen that in @CAPS4 @CAPS18 before. She's usually so calm and controlling. I'm from Never seen her so worried or so upset. I know she's worried about me. I also know @PERSON1's @CAPS14 called me multiple times during my stay at @CAPS4. I think she told her how I was doing, but @CAPS14 CAPS8 Should I do this? @CAPS4 Parents are splitting @CAPS9! @CAPS4 has been flushed down the toilet all my life. I know nothing is the same and it killed me. No one spoke on the way home. When we turned in I could feel the tension as we drove down @CAPS4 street and towards the @CAPS4 house. As we pulled into the driveway, I got out of the car and ran to the @CAPS4 room, leaving the @CAPS4 stuff in the back seat of the sedan. This I haven't eaten or slept for 2 days. I just lay in @CAPS4 bed, longing for @CAPS4 dad to come home. I never Went to bed without @CAPS4's dad and never woke @CAPS9 in @CAPS4's own @TIME1. The @CAPS4 father did so many things that @CAPS12 can no longer do. It wasn't until @CAPS4 @CAPS18 sent me and my @CAPS4 sisters to the @CAPS4 @CAPS15 house in @LOCATION2 that things started to get better. I don't know why, but when I'm there, I feel the same sense of security that I do at @LOCATION1's home. Even though I feel safe and secure, it's still not the same. It's been a few weeks since I visited @PERSON1 and I'd love to be back at her house. I know that's the only place I can really recover from @CAPS8. @CAPS4 @CAPS15 The house is nice but it doesn't feel like home and I don't think anywhere I live will feel good. I just know I need @CAPS4 @CAPS5, not @CAPS4 @CAPS17 or @CAPS4 @CAPS18, just @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and maybe @PERSON1. When I get home from @CAPS4 @CAPS15's house, I arrange to go to @LOCATION1's house. I knew I was going to be there for a while, so I brought a few extra. When I got there, I told her about @CAPS8 and about the @CAPS4 sisters. The night I arrived, we decided to go to the river the next day. I think this is a good idea. The next day we went to the river and her brothers decided to join us. Her brother @PERSON2 wanted to prove to us what a man @CAPS12 is, so @CAPS12 jumped off the biggest rock by the river. I thought this would be a perfect shell, but it wasn't. @CAPS12 landed on his belly, perfect belly roll. I couldn't control myself, I burst out laughing, I don't think I stopped laughing for a few minutes. Best day I've had so far since @CAPS4 dad called me at @LOCATION1's house.
@CAPS10 did you laugh today? Many people believe that laughter is beneficial to our daily lives. @CAPS10 You've heard the saying "Laughter is the best medicine". The philosophy of @CAPS1 is that having positive emotions makes you feel better. Close to @CAPS2's idea. Laughter is said to relieve stress and make you appear more approachable to people @MONTH1 don't know yet. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" is accurate in my opinion. I associate @CAPS1 with the way my friends and I behave and the way I behave with strangers. When meeting someone new, joking or laughing breaks the ice and can make the conversation more lighthearted and enjoyable. When I was younger, my best friend's name was @PERSON1 and we hung out almost every day after school. We share all the things we have the same favorite colors, the same hair, and even the same friends. We are girls but everyone is sisters because we hang out a lot. We were the kind of friends who could look at each other and start laughing and thinking about our past memories. Like when we see the wrong movie, or when we go out to lunch together. I remember going to lunch like @CAPS1 the other day, even though @CAPS1 could easily have been a few years ago. One day we went to kindergarten together as usual except today @PERSON1 will be home with me and my @CAPS3. My @CAPS3 knew she needed to drive into the store that day and told us we could keep up and if we were fine we would go out for lunch. We were at our best all day because we wanted to go to lunch and hang out the rest of the day. @CAPS1 It's about lunch time, my @CAPS3 thought, that car will be waiting a while, so I'll take the girls to lunch, and then we'll pick up @CAPS1 on the way home. So we put the car down and headed to @ORGANIZATION1's (local @CAPS6 restaurant) for a @CAPS7 lunch. When we arrived at the restaurant, they took our drink order and I decided @CAPS1 was a great idea for a big blackberry slushy type drink. I was really excited when @CAPS1 came to our table and I started drinking @CAPS1 fast. Maybe a little too fast. @CAPS1 is everywhere, in my hair, in my face, in my eyes, when all of a sudden the "swish" of @CAPS1 is all over my face and clothes. I am so embarrassed. I was so amazed how ice could land on my face that I started crying in front of my best friend. She tried hard not to smile, with the biggest smile on her face. I was humiliated when I saw my @CAPS3 laughing too. I was worried my friends and my @CAPS3 would make fun of me for being so clumsy, but they both said @CAPS1 happened to them too. After cleaning up, I realized how stupid I was. I was embarrassed at the time and they laughed at me. But @CAPS10 laughs too when I think about @CAPS1. The whole car ride home we were giggling over my little booze and we could barely keep our eyes peeled for my leak or we would all think @CAPS1 and start crashing again. Although at first I thought she was going to make fun of me and laugh at me for such a stupid accident, we ended up laughing together and @CAPS1 made us feel like friends. When we were little girls, our memories lingered in our minds of the silly and creative things they used to do and the little things that were funny to us. We were and always will be good friends. We're still best friends, and every once in a while, one of us will bring up something that reminds us of the day we were little girls, and we'll laugh out loud again. I believe laughter is the best medicine. While of course laughter will never conquer or cure disease or fight cancer, I think @CAPS1 will make you stronger, if you are happy and @CAPS10 has a positive outlook, then you will be stronger in treatment, if you @CAPS10 also has something to look forward to, so you don't want to miss out. Laughter can make sick people forget their pain, @CAPS1 can let them live in the moment without worry. I think laughter is a lot more powerful than we realize. So consider this question: @CAPS10 Did you make anyone laugh today?
Family trip @CAPS1 @DATE1 My family and I decided to travel to @LOCATION2. My dad recently woke up from a comma and was in a state of depression. The doctor suggested that my mom should start planning family activities and do something during the @DATE1 break. When I was 12 years old, I noticed how my father dealt with the fact that he lost his arms. He's trying to hide the fact that he can't handle it, but that only makes us worry more about his health. My mother, and my sister @CAPS2 and I decided to go on a trip - a distraction from my dad - hoping to get him out of his depression. On the day of the trip, we left our apartment at approximately NUM1AM. My mother is the kind of person who always gets up early for everything. Overnight, we packed our bags and had stuff in the car. Since we lived in the upstairs apartment, my mother and I helped my father - because he couldn't keep his balance - when going down the stairs. He didn't seem enthusiastic about the whole trip, but I made sure to get my sisters excited, who had been talking to my dad in the car. After a few hours, my sisters fell asleep one by one, and then my father started to fall asleep. My mother was starting to get lethargic, so I stayed up late and started talking to her about random topics. When I was with her, she started telling me stories of her childhoodshe would laugh when her cousins played pranks on each otherand so on. Some stories are so funny we try not to wake everyone up to our laughter. Despite her rough childhood, her cousin @PERSON2 always knew how to make her laugh. My dad and sisters woke up and started getting motion sickness, so my mom ended up leaving @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. As we started looking for the gas station we started hearing loud music and as we got closer we noticed there was a carnival in the city centre. My sister @CAPS2 who was NUM2 at the time and @PERSON1 who was 8 started complaining. I tried to convince my parents and my mother agreed, but my father just got angry. Until my NUM3 year old sister @CAPS4 started ranting non-stop until my dad finally agreed. My mom parked in a nearby park and my sisters ran ahead of us to the carnival. My mom tried to catch up to them as I locked the car from the inside. When we arrived at the carnival, we saw booths filled with jewelry, clothes and other small items. We kept walking and saw a group of gypsies dancing on the stage. Then a comedian came on stage and he made everyone in the audience laugh. After seeing Gypsies and Comedians, we started looking around. We ended up buying three @CAPS5 parasols and the fourth one was free. We thanked the saleswoman when we opened our umbrellas for shade. @DATE1 the heat started to get worse so we headed towards the car. When I got to the car, my mother turned pale, and she forgot the car keys in it. She started fighting with me and I started regretting the whole trip. I was exhausted and didn't want to argue. My father finally interrupted us to tell us he was looking for a wire hanger from one of the carnival stands. As he left with my sister @PERSON1, the rest of us started walking towards the park. @CAPS4 started pouting, my mom kept berating me for locking the car while I pretended to be deaf. After my dad came back with a wire hanger, I started straightening it and bending one side to create a hook. After many attempts, I still couldn't open the car and my arm started hurting. An elderly couple on a motorcycle stopped next to us and asked what we were doing. My father told them we left the keys in the car. The old man helped us open a car door. We thanked him and got into the car to say goodbye. We decided to go home and were exhausted the whole journey. We enjoyed the trip even though the destination had changed and everyone quickly forgot the key event. My mother and sisters started joking, and for the first time since leaving the hospital, my father started laughing.
It says laughing is a good part of life, and it says it's healthy to get your chuck here and there. Really funny makes everyone a better person
I think laughter is good for relationships and that's why. When I first got to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I tried to be myself and make friends. I was in class one day and @CAPS4 walked into my classroom and walked up to me and she started talking to me and I started laughing. She told me she liked my laughter, so she stared like me. I'll laugh more this way, @CAPS5 knows she's making fun of my laugh, she's enjoying @CAPS5, and it feels good. She tried to make me laugh because she thought @CAPS5 was funny because she never heard anyone laugh like that. Everyone has a different laugh, I have two and she finds it funny. @CAPS5 is the best day of my life because I'm who I am and I know she's not laughing at me. Every time she heard me laugh she would laugh and try to make me laugh so she could laugh and we all had a good time. It's funny to me @CAPS5 because a lot of people don't notice how other people laugh. @CAPS5 feels good, she notices and loves @CAPS5 and wants to have fun. Most people say hurtful things when they make fun of someone @CAPS4 wants me to laugh again, I know she's not making fun of me. She just thinks @CAPS5 is unique and funny, but not lol, you're weird and funny, but like gosh, I love your laugh, it's cute and funny. Now every time she sees me she tries to make me laugh @CAPS5 and I feel good every time she does @CAPS5. When you're new to @CAPS3, it's good to make other people laugh especially, rather than laughing directly at you. Honestly @CAPS5 makes me feel like people really like me and don't know I'm a "new kid" but as a real person they say I'm for me and not for who I want to be or someone else people look at me. That's all I can really ask for. So my point is that laughter is good for relationships @CAPS5 shows that you have a sense of humor and that you have a real person in your body, not just bones. Another reason is that @CAPS5 shows you your true self. It's not what people want and want people to see that they are not what people say they are. At least that's what I want. That's why I'll never forget that class. @CAPS4 tell me that if I'm just laughing with other people, I know they're not laughing at me, they're making fun of me, they're saying I'm funny. This is what people want to see for who they are. The teacher was the backup that day, she kept getting mad at us for laughing, but we couldn't help @CAPS5 because @CAPS5 is so funny. I was laughing all the time. @CAPS8 I kind of peeed my pants laughing. She made a fish face that sounded like she was pretending to be a monkey in a tree. She laughed how I laughed she did everything to make me laugh. @CAPS5 is so funny @CAPS5 occupies the entire period. That's how I laugh. I got up to go to the bathroom and when I came back she was still there and I sat down so she started making me laugh. Then I sat down and @CAPS7 and @PERSON1 came in with something in his pocket and I poked @CAPS5 and said what it was @CAPS8. We all started laughing because @CAPS5 is funny @CAPS5 is the wallet. When I stopped, I didn't understand why they were still laughing, but then I kept laughing because of the way they laughed. We all laugh and then we all stop at the same time because we all stop at the same time and we all start laughing because @CAPS5 is funny. Divers came and stood next to us and we all quit and started laughing again. I think we laughed because we were doing stupid things. I turn around to do my work and @CAPS4 spins me so I start laughing again. Then I started laughing again @CAPS5 I started crying. I laughed @CAPS8. @CAPS4 started laughing, so @CAPS8 she started laughing. At the end of this period, I had to urinate so badly. @CAPS4 won't let me go, she just makes me laugh more and more. Sometimes, gratuitous laughter is the funniest. I guess my whole belief is that laughter is one of the best things a person can do. Not only is @CAPS5 fun, but @CAPS5 is also a very healthy thing.
I've been waiting a whole year for @TIME1 to come, @DATE1. today is my birthday! I can't wait to open the presents and eat the cake. I'm going @NUM1 and all my friends are coming over. It should be a good day! First, I have to wait for my mom to get home from get off work @CAPS2. So today I'm going to go swimming, then go hiking, and finally my friends can come over and we start the party. We will have games, gifts and cakes. My mom says my sister is automatically invited, but I don't like the rule. Maybe next birthday @CAPS1 can come uninvited. My mother is at work. She left at @TIME1, my sister and I just finished breakfast and now we're going swimming. We have a swimming pool next to the patio in the front yard. Sometimes, when my sister gets angry, she throws me in. Other times, she just does it because she's older than me and she can. My sister @PERSON1 friend @PERSON2 was with us for a week as she had moved out on @DATE2 and decided she would be visiting. That's when they decided to start throwing me in the pool. One would always grab my leg and the other would grab my arm and they would swing me until they threw me into the pool. Well, I was pissed off after this kept happening, got mad, and cried. @PERSON1 told me that if I was going to act like a baby then I should be treated like a baby so she put me in a diaper and high chair and forced me to eat baby food. Of course I'm crying now because I don't like baby food or sitting in a high chair or being put in a diaper. By @TIME1, I don't want to go hiking, I just want my mom to come home. Finally my mom came home and even better she brought pizza. I'm so excited she did because all my friends came over and the pizza was perfect. My mom changed out of her overalls and she decided it was time for me to take a nap. Well, I'm @NUM1 and I don't need to take a nap, so know when something's going on. Since I decided it was @CAPS3, I went for a nap and actually did fall asleep. My mom cleans, decorates and takes all my friends at @TIME1 hours. When I woke up and walked out of the living room, Mom and all my friends screamed "surprise" and I was absolutely amazed. After a long fun party it's time for us to clean up and put all the junk and cake on it so no flies will @CAPS2. The next day my mom went back to work and I swam and played all day! It was a great day to put on my new swimsuit and play with the new floaties I got. I have a lot of @DATE2 stuff. Then my sister @PERSON3 and I were trying to find a way to get @CAPS2 hot water into the pool, but we ran into trouble because the house didn't fit the bathroom faucet. So that was when we went to my mom's room and used the tub and put the hose all the way out the back door. We absolutely accomplished this mission! By @TIME1 we heard a lot of crazy noises and I went to see what was going on, there was smoke everywhere. I walked into the kitchen and my sister yelled "@CAPS2 your sisters and @CAPS2 are out to meet you on the road" I ran to pick them up and then I saw the fire truck speeding up the driveway and my mom ran over and she freaked out Now, make sure everyone is @CAPS3. Finally I found out she burned my birthday cake trying to preheat the pizza. I'm a little upset about it being burned, but now I'm @CAPS3 because I look back and laugh because my sister at @TIME1 still had burnt spoons and locks. The lock came from our gate and it was a simple fake lock that the firemen didn't know about, so they just cut the chain. I guess the lesson here is that you should always make sure there is nothing in it before you warm up.
Workout Wear @CAPS1 People say laughter can bring anyone together. I don't know if this is true, but I know it can combine two very unlikely @CAPS1s. I'm the exact opposite of my best friend, but we're the best @CAPS1 for a simple joke in the locker room. It happened @TIME1 and it wasn't great for me or her. This is @DATE1 @TIME1 I have to go to school. I just missed waking up, walking all the way to school, having lost my lunch in the hallway about three times, and then I walked right into @PERSON1. (My soon-to-be best friend) "@CAPS2 where are you going," she said to me in a gruff voice, glaring at me with sharp eyes. I was shy, I just kept my head down and kept walking. @PERSON1 is one of the prettiest girls in school, hangs out with the "In" group, I don't. Most of the time I hang out alone. Her @TIME1 is as good as mine. Her @CAPS3 has broken up with her for the sake of her best friend while she was spending the night in the hospital with her brother who was in a car accident. So she feels the same as mine. Worse yet our next class is @CAPS4.E.! I went into the locker room, and as soon as I walked in, I realized I had forgotten my tracksuit. @PERSON1 just came in from behind me and she let out a sigh I know she forgot. We're going to have to use some of the buckets...the bucket is where all the lost or unwanted items end up @CAPS5 has cool stuff like sweatshirts and @CAPS5 neat t-shirts but you can never Make sure they're clean. Seems to be only menswear today, though. I walked over to the barrel and @PERSON1 walked up to me. We both started digging buckets. We found nothing but oversized sweatpants and oversized shirts, and we @CAPS6 picked the ones we thought were the best. We changed, and when our eyes met, we all started to break down. We looked like two little kids playing in dad's clothes. She couldn't let go of her pants or they would fall on her ankles and the shirt I was wearing was hanging above her knees. Neither of us stopped laughing until our sides hurt and tears streamed down our faces. We walked out of the locker room when the @ORGANIZATION1 teacher knocked on the door and the whole gym was staring at us, but we've found confidence and friendship in each other so we don't care. It felt like @PERSON1 and I were sticking to each other that day, the best @CAPS1. We've had a lot of fights, but every time I think about that day in the locker room, I can't help but laugh. This is how laughter makes @PERSON1 and I the best @CAPS1 ever.
Imagine flying the @CAPS1 @NUM1 over trees with a quad trying to keep up with everyone in front of you. New Year's Eve is like that. We left the house around @NUM2 pm. When we left the house, we headed to one of our friends' house because we asked them earlier if they wanted to go. So when we left, we had to leave quickly, so we weren't on the road for a long time. When we got to a friend's house, we hung out for a while and then asked if they still wanted to go for a ride with us. They were all set and we all set off around @NUM2:45. All together now that @TIME1 of us is heading to gillhooly on this ride. When we finally reached the top, it was about pm @NUM4 o'clock. So we hung out until @NUM5 o'clock. When I say party, I mean we hit some mud pits and played for a while. It was about @NUM4:55pm when we were all covered in mud. So we set up some fireworks to launch. Then around @TIME1, we killed them all. Only about @TIME1 or @NUM7 of them. We started going home at about @NUM8 at @TIME2, but a friend of ours was stuck in snow by the side of the road. It took us about half an hour to dig him out before we finally got home. We're back at @NUM9's house at @TIME2. We all ate something because we were all hungry, then we watched a little @CAPS2 and went to bed.
I believe laughter is a healthy way to be with someone and have fun! I think the more you laugh, the more fun you have with someone or a group of people. My friend @PERSON1 and I were hanging out at my house once and we literally couldn't help laughing, every little thing was fun for us for some reason! It makes us have more fun together when we can laugh together instead of fighting. I love to laugh; all my friends say I hate it because I laugh all the time. I think if you laugh and laugh with someone, it brings you closer, and if you just laugh, it's healthier and better! For example, I always want to hang out with @PERSON1 because we always laugh and have fun together. Like when you have a group of friends and some of them are always at odds over something or a fight, it's never fun. If you have a boyfriend/girlfriend and you laugh with her/him all the time, it just makes you want to be with them more because you're having so much fun. Fighting can only backfire! I've only recently realized who my good friends are and who my bad friends are. Laughter is a person's greatest quality. The girls I fight with are usually the ones who have no personality, are very negative, are just crazy. My friends who I get along with are always laughing and having fun, the only time I have a fight with a good friend of mine is because the depressed person is always saying things that are untrue and hurtful, so that person will at your side! I have come to realize that the more you laugh, the happier you are and the more people want to be with you! I also noticed that my mom and dad are totally different people. My mom is a laughing sweetheart and I can always have a good time. On the other hand, my dad never smiled. Honestly, I don't remember the last time I heard him laugh. He was so depressed that no one wanted to be with him. That's probably why my parents got divorced! You could say my mom had more fun and my dad didn't. In life, you really just have to be happy doing what you're supposed to be doing and laughing. So what I'm trying to say is that laughter is an important part of any relationship. Whether it's a date with friends or family, you can! It's definitely a good quality. If a person is always happy and always wants to have fun, I think that's how they grow up. If you think about it, I'll get my mom @PERCENT1 and my dad @PERCENT1's time. Whenever I was with my dad, I was always in a bad mood and I never wanted to do what he asked. I basically wanted to resist. When I'm with my mom, I do the opposite, I'm always happier, do what she wants, we always laugh and have a better relationship than me and my dad. I think laughing and being happier has a lot to do with who you look up to, how they behave, and what they do. I can tell with certainty about the mood changes between my parents. This has a lot to do with how parents raise their children. I think as an adult you need to have a positive influence on your kids/teens. I think it's a good thing to have a healthy, laughter relationship with your child. Life is short, hate someone, I believe you should have a good time and live your dreams and laugh most of the time.
When I was in third grade, my parents decided we should move to where my @CAPS1 was born and raised and where my @CAPS2 lived. As a committed third grader, I got pissed and told them I wouldn't move, even sat on the floor and told them I wasn't going. Needless to say, I didn't get very far, but I'm still unhappy about moving away from the friends and @CAPS3 family that I've been around since I was a kid. My friends are all I knew in elementary school and I wasn't ready to say goodbye to them. Even if we came back to visit later, it was hard to say goodbye to them. We moved three hours from home. That's quite a move, especially for a ten-year-old who's never really been anywhere else. Becoming a new student is never easy. Especially with a shy, quiet personality like me, the first day was scary. I remember it very clearly. I walked in with my @CAPS4 and my new teacher happened to be in the office, so she took me to the classroom and gave me a tour of the school. I'm still scared and upset because my parents put me through this huge change. During class, the teacher asked me to stand in front of the class and tell them about myself. I've never been a public speaker, and it's hard for me to believe I'm actually standing there talking about myself. I can't even do that very well today, and I'm not as shy as I was then. It was horrific to say the least, and when I finished, the class sat in silence. Then I walked slowly to my seat and, being a shy guy, didn't speak until lunch. At lunch, a little girl with freckles and glasses like me came and sat with me. Once she broke my shy appearance, we were laughing and playing and having a good time. For the first time that day, I thought to myself that moving might be fine. I became great friends with the other girls she hangs out with. We sat next to each other in class, talked on the phone, stayed overnight, and had daily breaks together. She was my first best friend when I moved and I'm glad it was her and no one else. Today, I am so grateful that she took the time to get to know me because I was shy and not very talkative at first because I know what it's like to be close to someone you don't know. The laughter we shared at lunch on the first day, and her willingness to break down my walls of shyness, really brought us closer together. Without her first day, I'm not sure how that day or the rest of the week will be. The first few days would have been lonely for me without someone like her willing to make new friends. Laughter is an important part of a relationship because it brings people closer together and shows that even if you don't know someone well, you can still have fun. The rest of the day was fond memories as we shared laughter and became friends. It made moving to a new school less scary and helped me find a place to fit.
"@CAPS1 to @CAPS2" @CAPS3 Have you seen the little sign that says "@CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS2"? People often @CAPS3 them at home as a reminder of how people should @CAPS4 their lives. Well, I believe laughter is one of the most important elements you need in order for @CAPS4 to make your life more fulfilling. Laughter makes the soul young, the heart happy, and the spirit happy. Without laughter, a @MONTH1 feels like an unfillable void inside their @CAPS3. Laughter has played a huge role in my life and created some of the best memories. If luaghter wasn't part of me, my life would be like an unfurnished house; empty, boring, and in general, meaningless. Some memories never leave my head, looking back, I still @CAPS2 my brain. My favorite, and funniest memory I can think of, happened about two years ago, at my grandparents' house. I spent the weekend at @CAPS7's home with my family and my grandparents and loved it so much because there was so much to do! They have carts, golf carts, land and a huge pool! What else does anyone want? The weather is always nice and warm so I have no complaints. It was a great night for my brother, his best friend, and I decided to take the golf cart out for a drive. My brother sped past in his own golf cart and I was one with his friend @PERSON1. Now, @ORGANIZATION1 must have seen something on the road @ As he curiously walked up to the front of the golf cart, I tapped the gas lightly, jogging forward in a quick fashion, just to frighten him a little. When I did, he jumped wildly on the hood like a frightened cat. Then I decided to slam on the brakes, and when that happened, @PERSON1 launched like a rocket, but then tried to jump back on the hood. I guess you could say we developed a game. I would walk a few inches or so and slam on the brakes! At that time, I laughed so hard I almost cried. Until something very unexpected happened...I drove fast and then stopped very quickly, but when I did, this time @PERSON1 stumbled! I didn't notice because I was driving carelessly like a madman, but soon the golf cart was on his head! All I remember hearing was @CAPS8 @CAPS9! Then there was a loud bang. He lay down first, with the cart on his back, I don't know what to do! My heart beat faster, and a wave of fear came over me. I looked to the right and saw my brother rolling on his back laughing like a hyena! I was still sitting in the golf cart, still unable to move in a state of shock. My bro finally got up and @PERSON1 was yelling "@CAPS10 don't move @CAPS11!" @CAPS12 I gotta do something! My brother tried to tell me we should lift the heavy cart off his back, but in the back of my mind I know we can't do it together @CAPS3. I took the matter into my own hands and steered into reverse very carefully and slowly. Biting my lower lip and closing my eyes tightly, I slammed my breath on the ground and flew backwards from his helpless body. Luckily no damage was done, @ORGANIZATION1 is very nice. A huge weight lifted off my back and I was able to breathe again. Looking back, I can @CAPS2 joke that something went so badly wrong on that good day, even though I'm so thankful that nothing terribly harmful happened to the poor guy I ran horribly by that day. I can tell you one thing, over time we had a lot of fun. Great teenage carefree, carefree world; we laughed, swam, drove golf carts, and enjoyed the wind blowing through our hair, and down, and all around. I take back two things from this crazy day. One, make an informed decision and prepare for the consequences for @MONTH1, and two, enjoy your life. @CAPS2 like there is no tomorrow. Be careful and enjoy every second! I've learned that when faced with difficult decisions; such as... Am I quitting my bro friend? Or shall I continue to sit here and listen to him shout? In that situation, my confidence grew and I acted on my intuition. I think this is the clearest right decision. Follow your gut in life, @CAPS1 to @CAPS2.
Laughter Laughter, how do you define it? Happiness doesn't exist? Without laughter, @CAPS1 has no laughter. Without smiles, @CAPS1 has no emotions. There is no emotion without emotion @CAPS1. Without emotion, @CAPS1 will not react. Without a response, everyone around you will go blank. Laughter; it can do a lot. It can bring people together and even separate people. It can be a way for @CAPS2 to express itself, or even a way for @CAPS2 to put up "your wall". Laughter can mean many different things. It can show a lot of different things. It can show so many emotions, it can even hide them. For example: @CAPS1 are the ones who laugh when they cry, when @CAPS1 is crazy, when @CAPS1 is sad, etc. But beyond the pictures, why do you think @CAPS1 is laughing at these times? When really that wasn't the emotion they felt at all. @CAPS1 didn't laugh because @CAPS1 is surrounded by happy people. @CAPS1 Laughing @CAPS2 hides their real pain because no one can totally make "everything online" whether they like it or not. @CAPS2 is so fragile that anyone could get in and cause pain. So @CAPS2 how important is your laughter? In a relationship with that, laughter is important. Whether it's friendship, marriage, engagement, etc. @CAPS2 Knowing how your partner feels can make all the difference. So a laugh or giggle can turn things around. Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter @CAPS1 We @CAPS2 @CAPS3 are @DATE1 in middle school and the entire music department is on our @DATE1 field trip. Everyone goes to @LOCATION2 for the biggest concert ever. Only 8th graders in band, choir, jazz band or jazz ensemble can go; if @CAPS16 doesn't pay all your funds then @CAPS16 will be left behind. We're going to the hotel, to the concert, and to @CAPS4 @CAPS5. My friends @PERSON3, @PERSON2 and @PERSON4 are no doubt excited. Before that, we had never had the longest road trip ever. @CAPS3 seems to take a few days to reach @LOCATION2. We left at five in the morning with over a hundred children crammed into two buses. One bus is for boys and one is for girls, but there are more girls than boys, so we separated the boys' buses. I'm stuck on @CAPS6. @CAPS6 is a good girl, but @CAPS3 has a hard time starting a conversation with her. @CAPS17 wants to go home to @LOCATION1. I never knew why @CAPS17 was so frustrating; it made my rides there incredibly boring. Until something happened to @PERSON3. @CAPS17 snorted a pretzel. Overall @CAPS17 is ok, everyone but @CAPS6 laughed along with her. For the third hour on a crowded bus, our girls had to go to the bathroom. Complained to the bus driver @CAPS17 replied, "We're almost at the pit. Another hour or so." The choir girls started singing about going to the bathroom. Soon the car was filled with our melodious singing and laughter. Finally, bus driver @CAPS8 pulls over. A line of dancing girls burst out of the bathroom and laughed at each other. When we're done, we say goodbye to the boys, who squeeze into the bus and take off. "@CAPS9 down. Let's go to @LOCATION2." @CAPS8 said. We cheered as we drove away. Four hours later, we were stopped again for our lunch at another gas station. The boys are pleased with the progress we have made. Started calling each of us, the boys were getting more and more annoying. We girls ignored all the calls from the boys for the rest of the trip. Finally arrived at our hotel. In the hotel, the boys got the top floor and the girls got the lower floor near the pool. When dinner came, our music director @PERSON1 yelled at everyone hanging out at the nearby store to buy us dinner. Luckily we are near @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2 and many fast food restaurants. @PERSON4 and I went to @ORGANIZATION1 and @PERSON3 and @PERSON2 got our drinks; since we didn't want @ORGANIZATION1 drinks, they went to @ORGANIZATION3 to buy @CAPS11. We went back to our room with our goods. We gobble until our stomachs seem to be about to explode. @PERSON3 dances into the bathroom with a broom as her dance partner. Our laughter filled the room. We kept partying until we realized we had a concert to attend. The concert was two hours away, and thirty dollars was gone. @PERSON3, @PERSON2, @PERSON4 and I searched our room, nearly missed breakfast, and came home empty-handed. When we found the girls across the hall, all but one of them were there. The remaining girls looked at each other. @CAPS6 ran out of money yesterday, now suddenly @CAPS17 has money for food. Were $50 less. @CAPS13 replied. Then @PERSON1 came in, "@CAPS14 is up. We have a concert to go to." @CAPS15 Disappointed with each other, we all left. Running to the backstage door, I put down my music. @PERSON2 picks up @CAPS3 with a smile. "@CAPS16 will do well." @CAPS17 laughed. I smiled back, "@CAPS18 @CAPS16." I turned around to the empty stage and sat down in front of the band. Picking up my flute, I started my solo. Soft chords fill my ears when I imagine myself alone. Although I was nervous, my stage fright disappeared gracefully. I ran out of the auditorium door. The girls and boys laughed with me as we ran to the bus. The bus driver hurried to @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Once we got there, @PERSON1 paid everyone and we were off. @PERSON3, @PERSON2, @PERSON4 and I screamed at the top of our lungs as the @CAPS19 shock went down. After the ride we all laughed like @CAPS2 came. I don't want to leave, but I know I have to. Everyone got back on the bus and called our parents to let them know we were going home. Laughing at every mistake we made, @PERSON3, @PERSON2, @PERSON4 posed for pictures with me. How we laughed at everything together during the trip. When we laugh, nothing gets in our way. Last laugh @CAPS1 we @CAPS2.
Laughing is one of the best things people can learn to do. Laughing is one of many things I love to do. I love that everyone has their own unique laugh, some loud and some quiet like a giggle. Not only do I love it, but I love that it helps me relieve stress, which is an important part of relationships. My boyfriend and I met about three years ago. It has been one year and three months since we went out today. We met while I was mowing the yard and my neighbor @LOCATION1 brought him over to introduce us to each other. I mean she couldn't have brought him here in a worse time; I was hot and sweaty because it was eighty degrees outside, I didn't have any makeup on, I smelled like freshly mowed grass, and the first impression was good ? "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 This is @PERSON1" she laughed. "@CAPS3 timing @CAPS4" I replied in an angry tone. "I'm sorry," she said, "but he said he wanted to see you, and he wouldn't shut up." I looked at him and saw him blushing a little, and I laughed. Since then, I know @PERSON1 and I will have a great time together. To this day, our relationship is stronger than ever because we can make each other laugh. Don't get me wrong now, trust, honesty, communication, listening are still a big part and those are important too, but I think having humor and being able to laugh in a relationship is one of the key things to a healthy and lasting relationship . My boyfriend and I have a great sense of humor and we absolutely love using it in our relationship. I might have the worst day of my life; when I spoke to him on the phone, I knew my day would go from horrible to wonderful. Just because I knew he was going to say something funny within the first few minutes of talking to him and hearing his voice, I couldn't help but laugh. Honestly, you need to have a good sense of humor in your relationship if you want it to last. When your relationship isn't laughing, it tends to get very dull and boring. You can't be serious about twenty-four-seven, that's too much pressure. Because laughter helps relieve stress, you'll need it very much in your relationship so that it doesn't become stressful and just turns into a bunch of fights and arguments. So all in all, I know you may have different ideas about what I just said, but I hope that after reading this article, you will be more willing to consider my views on the topic of laughter in love on the basis of being able to enjoy Know what laughter is, and know how great laughter is. How it relieves stress, if you have a lot of stress in your relationship, try telling a few jokes and you'll be amazed at what a little laugh can do. Especially if you want to have a happy, fun relationship with your significant other that is not only that, but is also full of energy. laughter is happiness
I don't think people are smiling enough today. Laughter is said to be one of the healthiest things. I hear that the more you laugh, the longer you live. If this is true, I should live forever! I believe laughter is really healthy for you. I have a friend who is very sick right now, but when I'm with her I can make her laugh like crazy and it seems to make the pain go away. If I could get @NUM1 to cheer her up, I'd love to do so. She was with me yesterday and I don't remember what we were talking about, but it must be good because she made me laugh until I vomited! I know this doesn't sound funny, but even though I did, we were still laughing. At that point, I can definitely look back and smile. I love how laughter affects people. I've been sitting at the bus stop, giggling or laughing for no reason and the people next to me will start laughing! That just made me laugh more and then everyone is doing it! Also, as long as you're with friends or anyone and you can laugh, it means you're having fun and enjoying each other's company. I don't see the point of being friends with someone who at least can't make you giggle. My friend and I were sitting in the car the other day, it was dark and quiet, and we were just chatting. My mom popped out and said, "@CAPS1!" (Although this always happens.) @CAPS2 Did we scream our lungs. I think we should expect her to do something like that. After we held our breath, we looked at each other and started laughing hysterically about how stupid that was. Laughter really brings people together, whether you're a stranger or your best friend. When you laugh with someone, you usually laugh for the same reason, right? Like me and my friend in the car. That's what I like because it means we have something in common.
@CAPS1 in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I think of laughter, think of my @CAPS2, all the things that make me roll on the ground with no breath in my lungs, enjoying the life that @CAPS4 gave me. We all know that most kids find everything fun. @CAPS3 I was about ten and my parents bought a puppy for my siblings. This is no ordinary puppy, but a dwarf in the den, with some kind of insanity. Oh how we love that puppy. Every day @CAPS3, when I get home from school, I go to the backyard to play with the puppy for a few hours. After a few days, we finally found @CAPS10's name; his name is @CAPS5. The reason we named @CAPS10 @CAPS5 is because @CAPS9 will tip over while walking. One day @CAPS3 I came home from school and I took @CAPS5 to the top of the hill in our backyard and I played with @CAPS10 and ran around laughing. Every time @CAPS5 ran down the hill his calves would get tangled and @CAPS9 would dive and start rolling down the hill until @CAPS9 could get up again, usually until @CAPS9 was on the bottom hill. @CAPS3 @CAPS9 did it and my sister and I will have a good laugh because it's cute and we love it! As children, we live our lives in the moment and enjoy our lives. I think we still need to do that now. Our lives need laughter and @CAPS1, we need to focus on the positives and not dwell on the negatives. The laughter of @CAPS2 should be with you for the rest of your life. @CAPS4 has given us many blessings, and @CAPS9 has given us more credit than @CAPS10. Smile, bring @CAPS1 into the little things in life, embrace the amazing creations that lie ahead of you, love others like @CAPS4 loves you because you never know @CAPS3 your time on this earth is over .
In life, everyone has good days or bad days. When that day comes, the last thing a person wants to do is be happy or laugh. Sometimes one has to think outside the box to see the whole picture to be happy with the people around you, and laughter also helps you have a happier time. Sometimes you may need to figure out if he/she is going to be a hilarious or exciting person, and you have to think about people who influence you, maybe even those who procrastinate. The deeper you feel about a person, the more laughter you can find in the depths of a person's happiness.
Growing up with my parents, having my dad's parents (my grandparents) was the best thing for me. When I was @CAPS3, I spent a lot of time at my grandparents' house. Every @DATE1, we leave @CAPS1 an hour early. Every @DATE1 in elementary school, my grandpa would wait for me after school. He'll pick me up and we'll go to @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS2 for lunch. I've always wanted to go to @ORGANIZATION1 because they have a game structure. But growing up, I became very close to my grandmother and grandfather. My parents don't need to worry about babysitting because we always have my grandparents to take care of me. As a result, the bond with them becomes stronger and stronger. I always did my homework with my grandma, and when I was done I would go out with my grandpa to do yard work or tinker in the garage. Much of what I know now was taught to me by my grandparents. I'm lucky @CAPS3 @CAPS5 to have them in my life growing up. Really fun doing yard work with my @CAPS6 (I called my grandpa when I was @CAPS3). I love yard work. He taught me how to use a riding lawn mower when I was very young. So by the time I'm NUM1, I can start it, mow the lawn, clear the grass from the catcher, and put the mower back in the garage without any assistance. It was a sunny @DATE2 day and my grandpa was sitting on the patio drinking @NUM2 as I finished mowing the lawn, as usual. So I grabbed myself one and joined him, because that's where he always sat and watched me mow the lawn, where we always hung out together. We sat there just chatting and he asked me if I would reconnect the hose to the fosit. Well, of course I didn't because I wanted to sit on the patio with my @CAPS6. So he and I went to the fosit to hang it up. But for whatever reason, he told me to get the nozzle end out and pick up some flowers. Now this is a @NUM1 year old standing behind his @CAPS6 with the nozzle end of the hose bent in front of me with the @CAPS6. So I did what any other @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 would do. I raised the nozzle, aimed it at his big ass, and pulled the trigger. After soaking his hips for about @NUM4 seconds, I put down the nozzle and ran to my grandmother as fast as I could. When I found her, she wondered why I was so scared. Well, I just want to say, "@CAPS6 will kill me!". @CAPS6 Walked up the front door, right where my grandma and I were standing. He just put the straightest expression of anger on this face. I really thought my ass would hurt forever after he spanked me. So we @NUM5 people just stood there. I think I'm going to die. Suddenly my grandpa had the biggest smile on his face, and both he and my grandma started to break down. He wasn't angry, he thought it was funny! So of course I started laughing too! @CAPS6 came in and changed his now water soaked pants and underwear, then all of us @NUM5 walked out onto the patio and just chilled out, chatted, and had some great @NUM2 drinks. After a few hours of relaxing with the best grandparents in the world, my grandma went in and made dinner. So @CAPS6 and I stay on the patio and shoot pine cones from the trees with the @CAPS7 gun to see who can shoot more before dinner is ready. Grandma called us to eat. That night was one of the best dinners I had with my grandparents because all we did was eat, laugh, eat, laugh, eat @CAPS3, and laugh @CAPS3! Well, @CAPS6 and I have a tradition that started when I was old enough to talk, drink root beer floats and watch @CAPS8 together. From that night until the day he died, my best friend was my @CAPS6. He died about a year ago. Since then, life has been different. But when he passed by, he left me his truck. Every morning as soon as I got in the car and started, the sound of the engine brought back memories of me and him, and the sound of the flashing lights also brought back some of my memories. But I know that he looks down on me every day, thinking back to all the good times we've had. Ah, how I miss the good old days.
When people think of football, they think of quarterbacks. When people think of basketball, they think of point guards. When people think of football, they think of goalkeepers. Well, when people think of softball, they think of pitchers. All of these movements have a position where they automatically take the lead. In softball, the game always starts and usually ends with the pitcher. Pitchers are there in every game. Sometimes, after the pitcher pitches, the @NUM1 inch big softball flies back before you can blink, and then the ball you just threw underhand, you now have to hit the ball to any of the four bases in seconds. To take on an important role on a team and be a successful leader, you need encouragement, a willingness to help, and most importantly, the ability to stay calm and laugh and joke when the game isn't going the way you want it to. I vote fast It's been ten years in softball, and the compliment I get most often is "you have the best pitcher mentality I've ever seen." It's very stressful to play a really competitive game and carry the whole game on your shoulders. Three on the base, a bad pitch in the middle, it's on the fence. One pitch can completely change the game! At times like this, when the pitch isn't going the way it should, your entire time is just looking at you with this somber look on their faces. As a team leader, you can't just act like a failure as you feel. I have observed many pitchers giving up completely and looking lost. As a leader, other athletes will look at you and see how you react. If you look hopeless then the player will think the game is over and the next game they will screw up etc etc and it will only get worse. By smiling and encouraging your teammates, they see that the leader isn't giving up and they shouldn't, and it's always better in the long run. Players tend to see who is the most authoritative person on the pitch and respond in exactly the same way as they do. I play for a team and most players are in their second or third year. We're not a good team, but we train hard and we never give up, no matter the score. Of the other seven teams in our league, four are in the top 10 statewide. One particular team is @LOCATION1 who were No. 1 in the state last year and their first game last year. By the third game we lost @NUM2. Even though I know we can't catch up, my goal is not to let them score again. Between innings, I talked to every player on the team, and I tried cheesy jokes, inside jokes, anything to get rid of the tension. It worked and we played better by having fun and relaxing. In stressful situations, people just need to find a way to laugh it off, see the bright side of any adversity and be able to get through it.
We all need a laugh once in our lives! But why do we need it? Or why is it important to us? We need laughter to have a good time with our friends and family because without it our life would be black and white, we would be empty from within, without a spark of joy, we would be grumpy all the time. Laughter is also important to us because it also allows us to form a relationship with someone we really like, which may be female or male. When you're with that person, don't get bored and talk about things that really don't matter. It's funny when you make people laugh because it shows that @CAPS6 is having a good time with you and might want to hang out another day, which is why we need to laugh in a relationship or friendship. I used to live in @LOCATION3 until my parents decided to move to @PERSON2. @CAPS5 my parents told me I was going to @LOCATION1 and I know a few people from this @LOCATION1. The people I know are @NUM1, and @PERSON1, but I didn't really talk to @LOCATION2 or @CAPS1 until I only talked to @PERSON1. On my first day at @LOCATION1 he introduced me to my @CAPS2 friends because I don't really know anyone but the three of them and he'll make up any jokes and get me involved so I can be better Meet these friends and maybe be friends with them but laughter always make friends and boyfriends because I started dating in the middle @LOCATION1 I dated three guys my third boyfriend is the best and he is Sweet he will do @CAPS3 just to make me laugh we only dated for @NUM2 years but @CAPS5 I broke up with him too much drama it's really hard coz I really like him but we still talk and don't Making fun of each other he would still be nice to me if we weren't with me the way he wanted, just because we broke up. Always Laugh Don't get frustrated by the relationship between smiling and laughing. After a year of not dating, he decided to ask me if I wanted to be @CAPS2's girlfriend again and I thought a lot because I didn't want to go through the same drama as before. When we're not dating, he always finds an opportunity to make me laugh or smile. @CAPS2 is always there to support me and make me laugh when he sees me that's @CAPS3 I love him @CAPS2 sweet and cute but if he doesn't believe @CAPS3 @CAPS2 friends tell him we'll still be together, we'll be together mock everything. We would make fun of each other and we would never stop laughing. It was a good time when I was with him but he still tried to keep a smile on my face even when I was sad or not in the mood to do something that's why we need laughter in our lives because It brings joy to those who love and care about us and puts a smile on our face @CAPS6 is happy. Always build a good relationship by having fun and making each other laugh in one way or another, @CAPS3 it doesn't matter, the thing you laugh about is that you have fun. Another way to have fun and enjoy your relationships and friends at the same time is to have time, maybe go to the movies with all your friends and boyfriends, go to the movies or go to the market if you want to if @CAPS6 will be on Have fun there, or @CAPS6 will get bored and think about your friends and boyfriends too. When you go with them make sure you at least make them laugh so @CAPS6 know you're having fun making up a joke but don't say a joke that will put them to sleep like my little sister @CAPS4 told us one The joke goes like this (guy on @NUM3, I'm talking to your dad?" the little boy whispers "@CAPS2 busy!", "@CAPS3 about your mom?" the man on the phone says, @CAPS5 the kid says " @CAPS4 is busy too!" @CAPS5 Man asked him "@CAPS5 @CAPS3 @CAPS6 what are you doing?" Boy said "@CAPS6 is looking for me!" We didn't get it at first @CAPS5 My sister told him we were talking about boys So dodging @CAPS2's parents because he has a phone because boys don't tell jokes does make things more fun. That's why we need laughter in our lives.
Awkward laughter Have you ever thought that some things are really funny, where do you think you're going to pee your pants? Or do you feel like your belly is going to explode because where are you laughing @CAPS1? Well, this happened to me, and it was all as crazy as a dream during my @NUM1 grad @DATE1 to be exact. The thought of my brother @PERSON3 and my friend @PERSON1 and I walking in the park is my own happiness, just wanting to have fun. My brother is talking to @LOCATION1 about a very funny joke he made at school don't know why. @CAPS1 I told them I might pee my pants if they kept telling jokes to each other. But the core of what any bro would do is just keep going and they think it's just @CAPS1 funny, not me, I think it's vile and painful if you don't mean it because I have a complete bald head. My friend @PERSON1 is a lovely, caring person and advised her to find a bathroom, @CAPS1 we went on a mission to find a bathroom @PERSON3 my brother said "well, I believe there is a bathroom on this mountain, let Let's check out and see if @CAPS1 @PERSON2 can go to the bathroom". Little did we know it was @DATE2 and the bathroom was closed for workers to come in to clean. I went crazy when we were all the way up the mountain and I ran to the bathroom afterwards I never felt this way before it was just @CAPS1 pain I can't put into words. Soon I found out that the locked door I @CAPS1 was crazy and destroyed. @PERSON3 and @ORGANIZATION1 thought it was funny because I had to pee really bad and the bathroom was close and they were there laughing @CAPS1 but I'm tired of hearing them @CAPS1 I ditched them to find the closed bathroom, sorry Yes this is a mile away which makes me mad @CAPS1 crazy I want to cry. But of course this will get me nowhere! That's the sad "this means I need to run" in my heart. I ran back up the hill, crossed the bridge, and made my way around the nearest store as best I could. At last! ! ! I found a store, sigh, I'm glad @CAPS1 Glad I can barely breathe at this point. I walked into the store and walked up to the clerk and asked them @MONTH1 I use your restroom and they pointed out I was demeaning I walked in there with my head held high and felt like I accomplished something even though I didn't, except that I didn't pee The fact I myself thank God! @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 finally coughed with me, they walked into the wound to find me they @CAPS1 were funny, they pointed at my paint, I looked down, I saw water all over my pants, when I washed my hands well Sometimes, I have to get water on me, which is embarrassing. But to this day, when I think back to that moment, I laugh every time I hear it because it was embarrassing, but at the same time it was funny.
Laughter is the only characteristic a person can perfect. Laughter is the element that can make a group of people a close bond of friends. Laughter is the ultimate answer to success and happiness in life, and that's what my story asks me to say about laughter. Many times my family of four goes camping during @DATE1. Family and friends love to spend these holidays with us. A few summers ago, while camping with my family and many friends, I experienced and learned how real, rich laughter can change my life. Whether I've learned from telling funny stories around the campfire, playing some pranks on each other, or just some old friendship card game, I'm really starting to realize what these times mean to me. My best girlfriend and I have been expecting these three boys to join us all week. When they were supposed to arrive, my friend and I started working on our secret plan. The boys' job is to set up their tents before they can go out to the lake and start rowing. They managed to make the @NUM1 minute task take two hours, which is great for them. The three lost boys are now at the water's edge because they are finally done and can't stand by the lake anymore. As they went for a swim, my friends and I picked up the tent they had worked so hard to build, pulled the stakes, collapsed it first, and then turned it over. What better way to welcome a newcomer and start things off with a good sense of humor. However, the boys didn't think it was funny, but by the fall of @TIME1 they had a plan in mind and my friends and I knew we were coming. Around 4:00 at @TIME2, our two girls woke up in a tent that wasn't soundproofed. We had a very loud wake-up call and it sounded like the ducks were fighting each other in a war zone. We found out later that the ducks had found the sandwiches, mysteriously forming a circle around our tent. After the boys mischief, the game begins. If they're stuck in a tent, they'll have a hard time getting you back. A zipper will do. In the middle of @TIME1, sneak over and zip them together. Just as my friends and I thought it was the perfect way to get the boys back, one of our partners went to tell them about our plans. Then the three friends wanted to turn around and do it to us first. Next @TIME2 My friend and I woke up and we tried to climb out of the tent and it was a little hard. We zip together, which isn't a great mix when you have us girls who really need to use the restroom. One of the boys had a pocket knife and he played with us like cat and mouse, barely letting the knife out of our hands. Finally holding the knife, I pulled the zipper, threw the knife gently on the ground, and ran to the women's toilet. When I got back to the blood on the ground, I found it wasn't as gentle as I thought. The guy who gave us the knife had his foot in the way of the knife that was slightly thrown away. When he got home, his mother took him to the hospital for stitches. The bonfire at @TIME1 was lively. It's also fun to get stuck together because by the end we know how everyone is going to play and we pretty much know who's going to win and who's going to die @TIME1. Even if someone's foot was cut, we would roll on the ground because we laughed so hard. My girlfriend and I took off our makeup and jeans, put on baggy sweatshirts, styled our hair, and really had fun @TIME1. Here's @TIME1 on a camping trip, good to know we had a good laugh and just being ourselves and expressing ourselves instead of trying to impress. Later, when we were all talking about these stories and jokes, we started to realize that these are the moments people live for. Laughing brings us closer, we were not friends before, and now we are very close best friends after we share. Our friendship with each other is built through laughing together, spending @TIME1 together, sharing harmless little jokes, and turning camping trips into something more meaningful.
Can you imagine life without laughter? Life can be so serious and relationships can be so boring. Favorite comedy? Not funny. America's @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, how can you not laugh! Laughter is a way of expressing positive emotions. What is the basis for building a relationship? Honesty, trust, understanding and humor. Do you really want to be with @CAPS4 boring people? Because I don't. I believe that strong friendships and relationships require laughter to keep them interesting. Many of my relationships start with a joke, laughter, or my clumsiness. I remember being in a class where I didn't know anyone and it was a very awkward situation. I was sitting at the back of the class with another person, her name was @PERSON1. It started peacefully and didn't say anything, so I decided to tell a really cheesy joke. As soon as I finished, there was silence behind us, and we just stared at each other. Seconds later, we burst out laughing, you know that uncontrollable laugh, you can't breathe, your tear ducts are drowned to the point where tears run down your cheeks? When this happened, there was a sudden connection between the two of us, a spark of friendship. Since then, we have been inseparable. For the rest of the school year, we are partners on every project, working on multiple assignments at the same time. Half the time we would make up funny scenes and laugh until we cry. The other half of us would use each other's inspiration for a great project to get the job done. I'm an all-around "laughter lover"! I can make the smallest things funny, that's a quality I love so much @CAPS4 Know how a silly joke can go this far? Laughter can't be the only element of developing a relationship, you need trust, honesty, and a variety of qualities to maintain a healthy relationship. My point is, how do you maintain friendships with people who @CAPS4 can laugh with or be yourself with? It's human nature to love to laugh, you can't always be serious. I don't think I can go a day without laughing. Laughter can be the antidote to frowning. Moral of the story, lol!
For my family, laughter is important to us because it just means my parents didn't fight that day. I was about nine and it was the week of @DATE1. My parents were fighting all day and it never seemed to end to me. Usually @DATE1 is what I look forward to all year, but now I just want it to end . I hate seeing my parents fight because it always scares my little brother. My little sister was too young to know what was going on but whenever they started fighting around her she started screaming and yelling. When my parents fought, I tried to keep my siblings busy, but it never kept me busy. I still hear everything they say and it never seems to stop. My sister is about a year old and she used to come into my room when my parents were fighting because it was the furthest room from the yelling. We'll watch @CAPS1 and play until it stops. At one point it lasted so long that she fell asleep in my room and I took her to her bed that night. There have been many times when I wished my parents had stopped fighting and realized it was upsetting not only them but all of us. Well, the day before @DATE1, my mom was at work and my dad had to go to work. My dad took us there as my mom's job didn't allow the kids to be there. I can tell he's late because he has dark circles under his eyes and he forgot to shave @TIME1. Since, we're all out of school, I spend the whole day making sure my little sister doesn't get pranked or hurt. I have fun at my dad's job because I love to play with my little sister. My sister still wobbles when she walks, so it made me laugh when we played tag because she can never run fast enough to see her try to make me laugh. She loves it too, because walking now gives her more freedom, but she's letting herself into more shenanigans now. On days when my dad had nothing to do, he would let me help him try to teach my brother how to ride a two-wheeler. It was so much fun to see my brother try new things and have fun with it. It made us all laugh that day because he was so excited and happy that he could do things he couldn't do before. When the eve of @DATE1 came, my parents agreed to stop fighting for the next few days because they wanted us to be happy at @DATE1 @TIME1. Except that night, they thought we all had a big fight after going to bed. I stayed up late that night because I was watching a bunch of my favorite @CAPS2 movies. I just closed @CAPS1 when I heard them yelling. I didn't get much sleep that night because of all the yelling and screaming. Luckily my siblings are already asleep and I don't have to worry about them. Next @TIME1, I don't know what to expect from parents. Everything works fine on @DATE1 @TIME1. There are presents under the tree and something in the socks. My brother came in and woke me up and said everyone was in the living room waiting for me to get my butt out of bed. I got out of bed, put on my robe and slippers, and walked to the living room. When I left there, what I saw was not at all what I expected. My brother is sorting out presents so everyone has their own pile. My dad was laughing at my sister who was trying to pick up a present that was as tall as her. My mom was in the kitchen making everyone's favorite breakfast, chocolate pancakes, bacon and sausage. Everyone seems happier than they have been in the past few days. When we both finished breakfast and opened the presents, I realized this was the first @TIME1 my parents didn't fight in a while. I'm really happy to see them getting along well. We all laughed and had a great time @DATE1 @TIME1. The rest of the time was great too. Even though my parents are now separated, laughter is still an important part of my family. Much better now because we have more moments of laughter and joy, then moments of frustration and having to listen to them fight all the time. Now we are happier, laugh more, and feel better at home. I truly believe that laughter plays an important role in any family.
Many people believe that laughter is a key part of any relationship. Many times, even the slightest laugh needs to break up the tension, or even just the occasional relief. It is often said that laughter is the best medicine and the cheapest. Laughter is easy to find and common. In my case, my sister and I laughed naturally, and for no particular reason. Not only did it save us, but it built our relationship with today. When we were kids, my sister and I didn't get along well. She always makes fun of me and then laughs. I'd also laugh at things she didn't find humorous in any way, form, or form. This kept causing conflict and a lot of arguments between the two of us; therefore, we hated each other, and in a sense, we didn't want to have anything to do with each other. As my sister and I got older and wiser, we started to become more alike. We still make fun of each other, teasing, confrontation and childish pranks; but instead of getting angry, we laugh at it. As we continued to laugh at each other, we found ourselves getting along better. It wasn't long before we started hanging out more and more, just for fun and not because our parents told us too. Before I knew it, my sister and I became best friends. Siblings are rarely heard as best friends. I am lucky to be able to say that my sister is my best friend. Personally, I feel that laughter played a big role in my relationship with my sister. Now we rely on each other because we both know that no matter what, we can always laugh at each other and cheer each other up virtually. When we need to leave, or when we have something to release from our chest, we go out and play. We know we support each other for this because we know we can always laugh it off in the end.
Laughter is a funny emotion. This is what you expect to feel when you are happy or humorous. However, this is not always the case. Some people laugh when embarrassed or uncomfortable. Others, when they are irritated and frustrated. Then, some people laugh when they are sad or sad. People don't expect this to happen. Smile when you are in a bad mood. It's weird, but it's true. I know this from personal experience, which led to one of the most tragic events of my short life. I am about nine years old. In the age of @CAPS4, you were energized almost non-stop. I just got home from school and walked through the front door. My mom is waiting inside @CAPS3. "@CAPS1 is on @CAPS2," she said. "We're going to see your grandparents for a few hours." I got angry. Not only was I tired and hungry, but I had to drive for nearly an hour to see my grandparents. So I did what any nine-year-old would do. I cried, complained, and begged her not to go. Of course she didn't listen. She tuned up @CAPS3, waited until I was out of air, then picked up @CAPS3 and threw @CAPS3 into the car. Wouldn't it be nice to take a nap? This is exactly what I do when I ride. I was applauded, so I think it's okay to have a little "@CAPS3" time. When we got to their house, I just woke up and didn't want to move. I had to force myself to get up and say hello. It's frustrating, but really fascinating. Seeing your grandparents is like seeing a glimpse into the future. In a sense, you know what you'll be like when you're old. They have sweets though, which are delicious and mouthwatering. We actually stayed for hours. My mom called my dad a few times to ask if we could go home, but we never got home. She was just talking to my grandparents while I was watching TV. Finally, my dad finally called and said we could @CAPS1 go home. We said goodbye and booked it before it got too dark. When I got home, it was pitch black outside. We haven't eaten yet and I'm starving. I jumped out of the car and walked to the gate that separates the front and back yards. I shook the gate, expecting three happy dogs to run up and start jumping on the gate to play. Instead, only two are displayed. "@CAPS5 of @CAPS4?" I wonder. I thought he was probably eating or sleeping, so I decided to go in for dinner. When I opened the door to the house, my parents were standing by the door. I could tell they were struggling to hold back tears. Then it hit @CAPS3 like a ton of bricks. "@CAPS5 passed away," my mom said. I was stunned. I don't believe them. I can not. My best friend in the world is gone. I cried for hours, maybe more. I do not know what to do. Then strange things happened. I started laughing. I don't know why I do this. Maybe it's because I want to try and cheer myself up. Or, maybe, I realize he's in a better place. To this day, I still feel like there is a blank space in my heart @CAPS4, I used to be my best friend. I'm still thinking about why I laughed that day. I wonder why we usually laugh. Whether happy, angry or sad, we laugh and try to get through and make the most of both good and bad situations. As tragic as the situation is, I can't help but feel happy. My best friend was in pain and could barely walk, so we had to euthanize him. I know it was the right thing to do, and frankly, if I hadn't laughed that night, I don't think I would have felt better. It was awkward at first. It doesn't feel right and it sucks, but it helped @CAPS3 more than I expected.
@CAPS1 of laughter A @CAPS1 of laughter is a pretty amazing thing. Laughter has an odd way of bringing two people together, or separating them when used incorrectly. In all of my relationships, I've realized that being able to joke and laugh with each other is a big deal. I recently noticed that I have an amazing good friend. @PERSON1 has been by my side, even after my mistakes caused us to fall apart. Now that we've gotten over @CAPS2 and can laugh it off, I realize it makes embarrassment easier and brings me and my friends together. Even a best friend does something wrong and no one wants to fix it. @CAPS2 started on the last @DATE1 of my @CAPS4 football season and shouldn't have gone that far like a friend of mine. Admitting that I was wrong is the hardest thing. to her and him. The day we got caught is now what I consider to be the scariest and worst day of my life. @CAPS2 has also become an important learning point in my life, learning that all my actions have consequences, and how to balance what I want with what I actually should do. When I first played football for @CAPS4, I had never played with anyone, I realised that as the youngest person on the @NUM1 team, I had to stand out and prove myself. That's exactly what I do; just not for the whole team. After about two weeks of playing, I started noticing a boy on my team. I didn't really think about it too much, but when he and I both started pursuing our relationship, it was a whole other story. When this started involving @PERSON1, the boy and I had been dating for about a month and a half. Seeing as we weren't exactly allowed to hang out or even date on this one, but we knew we would risk getting into trouble for each other. Over time, we started to get closer and we started to fall in love. @MONTH1 is why I choose what I have, but it all seemed to make sense at the time. Then @ORGANIZATION1 came along, we thought it would be the perfect time to meet, little did we know that choice would lead to us losing each other, my freedom, we both broke my parents' trust and worst of all I dumped made a good friend. We didn't think about the consequences, so we lived through it. He will see me at @ORGANIZATION1 and I will tell my parents that I will be with @PERSON1. At first and for the most part, everything went well and I had a great time with him because we could finally hang out together and no one knew what was going on. Little did I know my mom called @PERSON1's mom to make sure I'd be who I said and who I said, once she found out I wasn't everything going downhill from there. It's been hours and we're starting to get hungry, but neither of us wanted to eat greasy food at @ORGANIZATION1, so we decided to get another chance to leave, I left @PERSON1 at @ORGANIZATION1 and she didn't know I went. As my mom got more worried, she started calling @PERSON1 to see if I was, and of course @PERSON1 didn't know. On her list to call next is me. When my mom first tried to call me, I decided not to answer, making her think I was just riding a bike or something, but when she kept calling, I knew something was wrong. When I answered the phone, I knew she knew what I had been doing, but I still didn't want to believe what was going on. I think the only way my mom could find out was because @PERSON1 called to tell her she couldn't find me and who I was with. That's why I ended up blaming @PERSON1 for at least a month after the incident. I can't look at her or even talk to her without feeling resentful and embarrassed. When things finally settled down, from being caught to being grounded throughout @DATE2, I knew I needed to apologize for where I put @PERSON1. This is the hardest thing I've ever done. But knowing that @PERSON1 and I can laugh now makes it easier and better to remember that time.
Green is not my favorite color Laughter is an addictive part of life, all kinds of people @MONTH1 loves or @MONTH1 doesn't. Humor happens to be contagious. Roaring laughter is more contagious than any cough, sniffle, or sneeze. When laughter is shared with one another, it connects people, increasing happiness and intimacy. Having to pick one out of the millions of laughing memories I have is an almost impossible decision for me as every moment I open my mouth bursts out my "hahaha" in joy and excitement . I try to indulge the people I spent with and the exact memories of what happened. This is @DATE1, @CAPS1 For many of us @DATE1 is one of the most passionate times of our twelve months of the year. I'm planning to throw a pool party with all my friends, @CAPS12 I need to clean it up because the weather decides to cool down all year round and it's disgusting. I don't think it's a deal because it's the only way I can throw a party with my parents' permission. @CAPS1 If you know me well enough, I'm a normal typical teenage girl who probably texts more than @NUM1 texts a day. So since I can't get my white, slightly sweaty hands off the phone, you @MONTH1 already have a feel for what's coming next. If you teach me to drop it. You are absolutely wrong. Not surprisingly, after about an hour of cleaning my pool, I was finally done, @CAPS2 I texted my boyfriend to tell him my pool wasn't green anymore. He replied "........?" I asked myself if I was sending the wrong message to the wrong person, so I checked my history and found that I wrote to him, "@CAPS3 my poo Not green anymore." I was literally humiliated. I don't know what emotions to feel or what to expect from him later that day. I decided to pretend it didn't happen anymore. So later that day, my pool party started. Everyone showed up and looked at me in a weird way @CAPS12 I was ecstatic and excited for my favorite song by my favorite singer @NUM2. When everyone showed up with a gift bag in their hands, I wondered why they would bring presents, if it wasn't anyone's birthday, it was just a casual pool party to welcome everyone's favorite season, @DATE1. So I asked my best friend this question and she told me, "@CAPS4 we know it doesn't have anyone's birthday @CAPS12 @CAPS5 text us all to tell us you have green poo and you're not feeling well so here we go Got @CAPS6 to buy you @CAPS7-@CAPS8 and @CAPS9 @CAPS10. I was petrified and honestly I was laughing like crazy. So I stood in front of all my guests and told them what really happened and we all laughed. Without exception, we continued to party and I eventually saw my boyfriend coming. I walked up to him and all we did was laugh sympathetically without saying a word about what happened. Once the party was over and it was dawn, we decided to build a bonfire and get along with our loved ones and all of our friends connected to each other. You can guess what happened next, we started talking about what happened before, and I honestly don't think I've laughed that much in the fifteen years I've been alive. Soon our curfew was almost over, so all my friends left and they nicknamed me "@CAPS11". @CAPS12 I will never forget the funniest part of this story was when all my friends were gone my boyfriend decided to take me out and get a burger at our local aka the best in our town burger. After we finished eating, a mother came over with her baby boy. I had to spare a few seconds to carry it and make my fake face look a little wobbly. @CAPS12 I hardly knew the baby just ate. So you can imagine what happened next, green vomit got me all over my body. Honestly, I'm not angry or embarrassed. I just laughed so hard I could feel my abs working and tears coming out of my eyes. I believe that in each of our lives, we have a special moment where we long to worship forever. @MONTH1 is a sad, embarrassing and even comical moment we indulge in our memories. So to this day I am still referred to as "@CAPS11" by my friends, a memory I will no doubt forget forever.
Laughter is very important in a person's life for many different reasons. You can get to know someone by what they find funny, express emotions and become closer to others by simply laughing together. The clearest or most personal memory for anyone may be filled with laughter in it. These are also memories that people want to keep alive. I think the phrase "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". Pretty accurate for most people. I have many memories of laughing with friends, family and loved ones around me. I will never forget some of the stories in my life because they were full of laughter. When I was about six and my brother was about nine, we didn't always get along well, we were typical siblings. We all have very outgoing personalities and have to do something all the time. When we actually got along, we usually had a good time and ended up laughing and rolling around together, forgetting that we were ever mad at each other. Some of the things we do are play hide-and-seek, tag, boring games in and around our house, and our favorite is tickle monsters. Sometimes our closest friends hang out with us, but it's usually just something my family does. Most of the time, my fraternity and I would ask my dad to play with us because it wasn't very fun to play with two people at the time. He usually agrees because he loves watching us laugh together and create new memories and stories. When the three of us got together to play games, I felt like I was on top of the world and I was really happy at that moment in my life. My favorite time to play games with them is when we start playing hide and seek at home. My brother and I usually squeeze in tight spaces like under the sink, under the bed, and in the closet. We couldn't get used to them for long because they were difficult to get in even for a small child. My dad is a lot older than our kids and always hides behind the shower or the door. He was really easy to find, but we still found it funny and laughed every time we found him. Once it was his turn to hide me, my brother went to my room and counted any number we wanted. We are hospitalized kids, so we don't usually count all the way to the numbers my dad told us. Then we ran down the stairs, turned the corner, ran down the hall and found him hiding behind the bathroom door. You can always tell if he's there, because if he's there, the door won't stay open. When we found him, instead of coming out of hiding and counting us when we were hiding, he started chasing us around the house. We didn't expect it at all, so we laughed and ran, breathing hard. Eventually he caught up with us and our hide-and-seek game turned into the best ticklish monster game ever! My brother thinks we should hide under the blanket on my parents' bed, but that just makes it easier for us to be targeted by my dad's ticklish monster. When he finished tickling us, our faces were all red, we were out of breath, tired, and had the biggest smiles on our faces. Trying to breathe, trying to leave and laughing at the same time really exhausted us. My dad ended up taking us to the table where we had lunch and we were all full and asleep, as happy as we could be. It was a really fun memory and I had a lot of laughs and good times. For me, laughter is an important part of getting to know someone and strengthening existing relationships. It puts everyone in a good mood and makes people happy.
Laughter is an expression of joy, being able to be yourself and expressing your feelings around those you care about. Anyone can share laughter with anyone, even if someone you don't know well or someone you've known for a long time doesn't speak anymore, make others feel good by sharing laughter with them. Last year my good friend @LOCATION1 and I were together almost every day. Even when no one understands what we're saying, we always make fun of others for the stupidest little things. We can laugh out of any little thing. We hang out a lot so it's easier to share our laughter with each other. One day in class, we were sitting in class reading a book, I turned around, she was sleeping, saliva came out of her mouth. It was quiet in the room, and as I tried not to laugh, I started giggling. I poked her and she woke up with her hair on the side of her face. It was so funny, I couldn't help it. She looked confused, then I took out the mirror to show her what I was laughing at, and she started laughing too. She straightened her hair and wiped her saliva. Then the teacher came over and asked if we had any questions. We looked at each other, giggled, and replied no, we have no problem here. The next day we were walking to a public place after returning from @ORGANIZATION1 and we heard one girl say to another: "Did all you do is talk crap about your sister?" @CAPS1 girl is not your average girl, dye The purple hair and the teeth on the lower lip made the whole thing even more hilarious. @LOCATION1 and I looked at each other like omg, did this really happen there? We started laughing after we couldn't hear, so she couldn't hear us laughing at her. We all laughed about it for the rest of the year. Every time we saw her after that, we called her "the girl with purple hair" because no other girls at our school had purple hair at the time, so it was easy to recognize her from the crowd. Still laughing at @CAPS1 every now and then about this situation. A few weeks later, after @CAPS1 happened, we saw her ex-boyfriend hanging out with a bunch of girls, so we got closer to see who they were, I don't know any of them, but I saw a few of them and know that they are freshmen. @LOCATION1 gave them a dirty look and said he must have been demoted since I dated him. There was one particular girl who literally hung on him. She's not even pretty at all. She had a short haircut, but it was all greasy, like applying a lot of gel or not taking a shower in two days. The clothes on the girl's body were obviously too small, and it could be seen that her upper body was just exposed. This is really rubbish. We started laughing so hard because it was clear she wanted his attention and he was ignoring her completely. @LOCATION1 looked at me and we all started laughing. I'm not really sure what she's laughing at because I'm laughing at the girl hanging on @LOCATION1's ex. The next day we were in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 class and I made a stupid comment about someone and a student in the class tried to get me into trouble but luckily my teacher liked me more than the other students because of that person Get into trouble more often than I do. Later that day, I was called into the office because the vice-principal needed to speak to me. He said the @CAPS1 students had an opinion on me saying he was stupid. I had a lot of problems with the guys from @CAPS1, I told the Vice Principal he was terribly annoying, and I explained everything else that happened before. The vice-principal told me that I was not in trouble because he was trying to start a problem. We laughed because he tried to cause me trouble and it didn't work, and then we all laughed because the student was a troublemaker. I learned that throughout your life you need to laugh every now and then because laughter expresses how you feel and sometimes it just makes you feel good. I know, in my experience, that I need those close people who make me laugh and also get me through whatever I'm going through.
Many people say that people who laugh more live longer. I remember when I was ten years old, I was going to learn to ride a bike. Little did I know it would be a difficult task. My brother said I don't need auxiliary wheels. Although I was terrified, watching other kids ride bikes gave me the courage to learn how to ride a bike. It's a big day, and it's the perfect day to learn how to ride a bike. As I walked down the stairs, all geared up, I started feeling @LOCATION1. I'm out, my big brother is waiting for me. He had a helmet and a bike, and he started reviewing the ground rules. Slowly I started cycling and I believed I could do it. Next it's time to get ready and put on your helmet. My heart was pounding and I could feel my blood flowing in my veins. To the first hawker, I fell and hit the ground very hard. I just want to run home and cry on my mom's lap. I looked up at my brother and he asked if I was okay. To this day I remember laughing instead of crying, after all crying doesn't make the pain go away and doesn't teach me how to ride a bike. Finally, I got back on that bike and went around. I remember my brother telling me that laughter is the best medicine. I laughed like a peddler and sometimes I thought maybe it was the laughter that got me through my goal of learning to ride a bike. Laughing and having fun is a big thing in my life. You can't always take laughter too seriously.
When I was adopted, I didn't know what to expect. Thoughts flashed through my mind about what @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are like, what home is like, and if they like me. I was told that I would have two new sisters named @PERSON2 and @CAPS3. Sitting in the front passenger seat of the black @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS4 my heart started beating more and more with each street passing, every second getting closer and closer to what I will soon call home the closer. Approaching the driveway, I saw a beautifully furnished blue house. The door was opened by a tall man who appeared to have just gotten off work. He was very enthusiastic and said his name was @CAPS5 and when he invited me in I was greeted by a white bulldog named @CAPS6. On the right is a short-haired girl who is a little over five feet three inches taller than me, and her name is @CAPS3. I'm a year older than her though, so I think it's fun to have a sister. At first I didn't notice she was watching me, then when I did she gave me a really big smile showing her beautiful straight teeth. When I met @CAPS1 and she said her name was @PERSON1, I immediately felt this warm acceptance. She is also a little taller than me and very beautiful. They told me that I will meet @PERSON2, my sister, on @DATE1 below as she is attending college at @LOCATION1 in @ORGANIZATION1. We stood in the kitchen and chatted a few times, trying to get a basic understanding of each other. I became very chatty as a small current of anxiety ran through my body. We chatted for a while about our interests, and then I finally asked them what the rules were. The response I got was completely different from what I expected. I learned they never had to ground any girls, the only thing I should make sure to do is respect everyone in the family. Finally @CAPS2 decided it was time for a big family trip. Mine is a bedroom currently being used as a storage room so I had to spend a few weeks with @CAPS3 in her room until @CAPS2 could get everything out and put it where he was going The shed is built outside in the backyard. The constant rain kept him from doing anything outside, so he made a table for the computer that could fit in the bay window next to the kitchen. Since Plan A didn't work for my room, @CAPS1 ended up converting the office into my room and the bay window area into an office space where @CAPS2 was able to do business. Every week I've started to feel more comfortable, my favorite part of the day is dinner because @CAPS1 is such a great cook. @CAPS1 will take me to counseling sessions to ease my transition to family. I've never had anyone put my needs first before and it made me feel loved once in my life. It's always easy to talk to @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, but I always find it a little harder to talk to @CAPS3. I always worry about saying too much or not enough, or even saying the right thing at the right time. Trying to connect with my sister was a challenge for me. I wonder what her interests are, but she'll be with friends a lot or doing homework. We didn't decide to go until my @ORGANIZATION1 hosted the @CAPS18 @CAPS19 fundraiser. She invited her friend @PERSON3 and I went with me to pay for their ice cream. When we arrived and got our ice cream, we were all seated at a table when suddenly @ORGANIZATION1 friends from @ORGANIZATION2 showed up and decided to leave @CAPS3. I immediately saw the pain in @CAPS3's eyes, so I started telling her a funny story that happened to me. After I finished, we laughed and she answered with her own story. We kept talking back and forth with each other without realizing that we were really enjoying ourselves. It wasn't until later that week, when I went to see a counselor, that I learned that laughter brings people together and connects them in a way that was unimaginable. To this day @CAPS3 and I are really close and we even prank each other now. I love my little sister @CAPS3.
Laughter helps in many situations in life. When you are angry, sad, nervous or even mourning. Laughing at @CAPS1 having a good time with an old friend, or realizing the situation wasn't scary or sad, but really hilarious. There have been many times in my life when people around me have always helped me by making me laugh when something disturbed me. Realizing what was going on wasn't as bad as I thought. This allows me to see the positive and light side of things. A special case happened when I was about nine years old. At school, most children sometimes say hurtful things or don't think about them. While parents should do a better job of teaching their children, their nature seems to be to make flippant observations, sometimes hurting others by drawing attention to deficiencies. I'm sitting in class doing an art project. There were three other kids in my group and we were talking about who knows, that was many years ago. But then the boy started talking about the weight and how he was so strong and muscular, yes they were all eight or nine, but he thought he was cool. So he turned to me and said "@CAPS1 out of shape, you fat man". This is frustrating me how should I answer this question. I try to act like it doesn't bother me. I continue to finish my art project. I can't help but hear the stinging words repeated in my head. My eyes started to water, and soon a drop of water appeared on my paper and I couldn't hold back the tears. I'm waiting for the bell to ring so I can get out of this horrible place and go back to someone smarter than that boy. When I got out of the car, I already felt emotions come to the surface. Started yelling when my mom opened the door. She exclaimed "@CAPS2 what happened, what happened?" @CAPS3 Tears I relayed the horrific scene. She felt sorry for me and asked the boy's name. I told her @PERSON1. She started laughing: "That chubby kid with buck teeth? Oh dear, don't let that bother @CAPS1, he's not in shape at all". I started laughing and realized he did have buck teeth. The tears stopped my eyes and I really realized the whole situation. He brazenly bragged about himself, which wasn't even true, and I wasn't fat. Laughing makes me feel better and realize how stupid it all is. The laughter really helped me realize it wasn't that bad. I'm still a little embarrassed, but I'm over it. Laughing also made me forget what @PERSON1 said to me. Of course, even if he made a flippant comment to me, I wouldn't be flippant in praising the flaws. But laughing and saying he has buck teeth makes me feel better. Laughing also lets me see how I can make big things out of a small situation, too.
In order to laugh, you must be happy. I used to be happy until I made a mistake. The mistakes I've made have disappointed me more than anything I can think of. Because of my behavior, I'm sitting in a room that I don't want to sit in. My life was perfect until I had my brothers, my parents, and the love of my life. Now that I look back, nothing was worth taking me away from them. The laughter I'm missing right now is the most painful because I'm probably at home right now, or even at school. Instead, I am here without my laughter, my brothers, my parents, and my love. Even though I know I'm happy, I try to put a smile on my face. My life is one of the best you can ask for, but because of my actions, I ruin it. Every moment I spend with my beautiful baby girl, in other words, my love. I cherished my time with her and now I have to wait to laugh with her. I have about forty-five minutes to an hour and a half a day talking to her and my family, which is definitely more painful than you might think. Having to talk on the phone and you can barely hear them throwing is killing me. Knowing that everything I do affects me and my family. Although a lot affects my brothers, I know they don't understand, but hopefully one day they will. Heard my brother @CAPS1 cry on the phone because he can't see me. Even writing this now, it hurts inside and makes me want to cry. I almost fell over in front of the other kids here. My family is my number one priority and when I go out, I make sure to get back on track for my family. So I can now have the laugh I want. On @DATE1 I never thought I'd be here, but when I get home I'll put a smile on my brother's and parents' faces, and when I see my girl, I'll go give her a lifetime The biggest kiss so she can't laugh or cry.
@CAPS1-inspirational, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 I @CAPS5 @CAPS6 of @CAPS7 -- @PERSON1. What the hell is @CAPS13? Someone might say, "@CAPS8, that's pretty obvious. @CAPS13 is the sound a person makes when they think something is funny!" That's as good a response as any other, and certainly believable. But I believe laughter has a deeper definition. This definition can only be explained by a slightly humorous, not-so-inspiring story about my experience as a @CAPS9-@CAPS10-@CAPS11 basketball player. This year, as a sophomore in high school, I decided to do something I had never done before: go to the basketball team. I'm inspired by my desire to be more involved with the school district and be able to exercise during the rainy season @CAPS13 hosts. Picking up just a basketball to avoid the "sit-in" zone in middle school @LOCATION1, I did in early practice what a high school dropout would do to determine the orbits of planets around the sun; at least they got a calculator. Naturally, the year I decided to give basketball a shot, the coaches told us that seven unlucky guys would happily leave the team. With sheer determination, I made enough progress in the first few weeks to be considered "better than dirt" by the coaches. Nearly avoid losing my place on the team. Over the next few months, I'll learn that my job won't be about making rims and stealing the ball... As amazing as @CAPS13 is, I imagine myself playing basketball far Much more than my actual skills on the field. I quickly discovered that my place in the team would not be actively running around the field for control of the orange ball. I would be on the sideline with my cheek firmly on the bench and my teammates would take a breather on the bench before getting back into the action. Our team can play basketball, but not often at the same level as the team we face. Every game that came and went, I could see the fighting spirit in the eyes of my peers; their morale was dropping and my game couldn't change that. @CAPS13 Especially a game when I found out I didn't have to play to help my team. @CAPS13 is the home game, in our lower gym; we are about @NUM1 points behind a team that has played against @CAPS8 before. Needless to say, players became very frustrated. One of our star players @PERSON2 became so frustrated that our coach decided to give him a break. He was furious and spat out dirty words. He collapsed on the bench as gracefully as an angry walrus. His mother came down from the stands to give him water, which made him even more embarrassed. Sitting next to @PERSON2, I can feel the anger radiating from him. He snarls at opposing point guard @NUM2 in a low voice. I've noticed that while @NUM2's fast legs and quick hands make him a great golfer, his voice - an octave higher than his teammates - is more suitable for @CAPS8 to play @ORGANIZATION1 songs, while Not shout out the game. I turned to @PERSON2, patted him on the shoulder, and told him my insight. He looked at me for a moment with pain on his face and "don't talk to me or I'll murder - @CAPS12", then burst out laughing. He patted me on the back and laughed, "@CAPS12 always knew @CAPS4 could make us laugh, @PERSON1". Suddenly, @CAPS13 made me realize that my banter and deep sarcasm is often the one thing that keeps my teammates smiling. I was able to use @CAPS7 to ease tensions and let emotions flow freely in a more positive way. We lost the game. In fact, we only lost one game all season. So I make @CAPS13 my personal responsibility to keep the whole team in good spirits even in the worst of times. As the weeks passed, I started to feel like an integral part of the team. Making teammates laugh keeps their minds away from anger and frustration, allowing them to perform to the best of their ability. So @CAPS13 yes. Some players have fast hands and some players have perfect shots. I? I make people laugh. I allow my peers, my friends, to see the light in even the most dire situations. I didn't get an award, it's a recognition of athleticism. Instead, I found the satisfaction of making people smile and watching the angry despair on their faces disappear - replaced by optimism and hope. Laughter is what keeps my teammates out of anger, they can be the best they can be. So, @CAPS12 told me: is laughter just the noise one makes when something is funny, or is it more @CAPS13? Spoiler alert: @CAPS13 more, more.
Laughter plays an important role in everyone's life. Different laughter means different things. For example, has @CAPS2 ever heard someone chuckle and immediately knew they were being sarcastic, maybe even sympathetic? A smile can say a lot. I'm going to tell @CAPS2 when my friend fell into @NUM1's pond. Earlier on @DATE1 my friend visited me at my house for a week. On the third morning of her stay, we woke up to seven inches of snow on @TIME1. I'm used to soft white snowflakes hovering in the air, @CAPS1 @CAPS1 from @LOCATION1, never seen snow before. When my friend listed all the things @CAPS1 wanted to do that day, @CAPS1 had the most anxious laugh I've ever heard. I can tell @CAPS1 just wanted to get out there in that moment. Of course @CAPS1 knew it was going to be cold, but I don't think @CAPS1 knew how cold it was. I told her it would be colder than @CAPS1 expected. We wore several layers of clothing: socks, pants, shirts and jackets so we could go out. As we walked down the snowy hills, @CAPS1 spotted the @NUM1 pond on the bottom half of my property and threw at it. When @CAPS1 asked if we could go swimming, I smiled sarcastically and replied, "No!" @CAPS1 walked up to the huge log that spanned the water and decided to go over it. @CAPS1 said if I don't go with her @CAPS1 will push me in. So I took a step back and @CAPS1 just kept his head down. @CAPS1 got a little cocky as he stepped on the ice-covered log and decided to jump around to show me it was "fun". I laughed at @CAPS1's funny move and whispered, "@CAPS2 will fall." Suddenly @CAPS1 slipped and cracked. It reminds me of broken glass on a concrete floor. The photo in front of me is almost like slow motion; I remember @CAPS1 reaching for the log before she fell into the icy water. @CAPS1 fell and I jumped @TIME1 to help her out as I slowly pulled her out of the pond. I looked at her after I harpooned the log and we all laughed...though her teeth were chattering and we were soaking through her layers of clothing, I know @CAPS1 is @CAPS3 will cherish this moment, Because it was her first snow experience. Walked to the house @CAPS1 giggled, "Should I listen to @CAPS2?" I nodded and suggested we take her clothes off and put them in the dryer. We changed into our pajamas and drank hot chocolate and coffee all day, laughing and laughing. I will @CAPS3 remember this day because I can tell so many different stories from it.
Laughter is the bond between two people; a good laugh can turn an uncomfortable situation into a pleasant one. A great example of the power of laughter is the first time I met my mother's boyfriend. My father died when I was 13, and since then I have held a grudge against every new man my mother tried to bring into my life. When my two sisters and I sat down for dinner with @ORGANIZATION1, the ironclad resolution was over. One @DATE1 @TIME1, my mom announced she invited her new boyfriend over to meet her kids. My sisters and I were forced to scrub the house from top to bottom in preparation for our guests while my mom cooked a huge plate of lasagna. When the house was cleaned and dinner was ready, I dressed for the most tragic occasion. My OCD mother made me change clothes at least thirty times before she thought I was decent enough to meet the man I had come to despise. At exactly 6:30 at @TIME2, @PERSON1's blue @ORGANIZATION2 pulled into our lane. When I opened the door for the clown, I gave my mother a cold look. And so, one of the most terrifying dinners began. As soon as I saw @PERSON1, my unwavering hatred started to moderate, but it didn't expire. @PERSON1 is tall, tan, a few years older than my mother, judging by his wrinkled skin and silver streaks drawn through his black hair and matching moustache. He has a friendly, agreeable appearance that makes him instantly likable. My now giddy mother sat down with her sullen children to eat with the happy stranger. My sister warmed up to him first. She and @PERSON1 love snakes, lizards and all things I consider "creepy". Before I knew it, a common interest brought them together. My sister loves @PERSON1 after a heated discussion about football. @PERSON1 and my sister found out that they are both fans of @CAPS1 and thus bonded in their team. After winning my siblings, @PERSON1 tried to make me like him. He tried to talk about movies, music, sports, animals, even politics, but nothing he said could melt my icy character. From the very beginning of @TIME2 I was determined to hate him and no amount of charm could break my stubborn stubbornness. Eventually he gave up on me and focused on pleasing those who liked him. After dessert, he jumped into a stand-up comedy show, subtly disguised as a story about his recent flight to @LOCATION1. He goes on to talk about ridiculous security checks, overly cheerful flight attendants who hate their jobs, and clichd security videos. Tears of laughter welled up in my eyes as I remembered that I solemnly swore to hate @PERSON1. I'm trying to get back to my former demeanor, but my will has no chance against @ORGANIZATION1's sense of humor. The smug smile and smooth wink he shoots at me from across the table tells me he won. Sure enough, we were best friends until the night was over. Eventually @PERSON1 and I discussed movies and music and found that we have similar tastes in both, but our common interests have nothing to do with our friendship. They just add fuel to the fire. The power of laughter brings us together like a magnet and a washing machine. Just as the shortest distance between points is a straight line, laughter is a straight line between me and @PERSON1. He's still with my mom, and laughter has been our constant companion since he came into our lives.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 is a warm @DATE1 @CAPS1 and some of my friends and I were going to spend a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. We decided to walk around and see all the cool stores @CAPS2 has. Eventually we will both have lunch and go to the riverside park next to @CAPS3. We all agree that @CAPS4 is a great program and we'll all have a great @CAPS1. At the beginning, we all came across the bus stop for the @CAPS2 cinema. @PERSON3, @PERSON4, @PERSON2, @CAPS5 and I are all there. We decided to check out @CAPS6 @CAPS7 first because they have all the crazy stuff we love. In the store, I found a dress I died for. @CAPS4 is small and gray, and @CAPS4 is full of skeletons. Unfortunately, @CAPS4 costs @MONEY1 that I don't have, so we leave @CAPS6 @CAPS7. Next, we went to @NUM1 @CAPS10 to see what they have in store for us. @PERSON3 and I created a black teddy bear @PERSON1 and a studded leather jacket. We gave @CAPS4 a nice hat and named it @CAPS4 @CAPS11 @PERSON1. We all thought @CAPS4 was funny because teddy bears are supposed to be cute and this one was a little scary. We paid @MONEY2 for @CAPS4 and went on our little adventure. We all thought @CAPS4 was about lunchtime, so we went to @ORGANIZATION1 for Chinese food and left @CAPS3 for the park by the river. Before we got to the park, we stopped to see what @CAPS4 was like under the bridge. There were stone towers everywhere, so we decided to build one ourselves. We piled @CAPS4 almost as high as me before @CAPS4 tipped over, nearly crushing @PERSON4 on the way down. We followed the path away from the rock tower all the way to the river. @CAPS4 takes us to a small beach by the water. There is a huge pillar separating the trees and shrubs from the water. We decided to have lunch here instead of going to the park. After lunch, we were refreshed again. @CAPS5 Started a pinecone fight by putting a sticker on the back of my head. After a few minutes, we all got involved. We use huge pillars on bridges as shields, but @CAPS4 doesn't work very well. @PERSON4, he's got better goals than all of us, hitting everyone left and right, so the rest of us teamed up against him. We tossed pine cones one by one until @PERSON4 had to start backing off. When he reached the shore, he tripped over a large rock and fell back into shallow water. We all had a few minutes of bursts of laughter before @CAPS5 finally decided to help @PERSON4 get out of the water. He was very unhappy with the situation and we were all happy. Jesica managed to get a video of the whole thing and he couldn't help laughing with us when we played @CAPS4 back to @PERSON4. After that, we went to the park. Immediately, we all ran to the slide. "I'm going first!" @PERSON3 screamed as we both let @CAPS4 climb Jungle Jim to the slide. We all pushed and shoved before I finally suggested walking down the giant whirlpool slide together. Everyone thought @CAPS4 was a good idea, so we tried @CAPS4. @PERSON3 is number one, as she wishes, I am number two, followed by @PERSON2, @PERSON4, then @CAPS5. We were really slow at first, and as more people climbed the slide, we got faster and faster. We ended up with a bunch of @CAPS2 and everyone was laughing from ear to ear. When we all got back to reality, we realized it was time for @CAPS4 to go home, so we all grabbed our stuff and headed for the bus stop. In the end, @CAPS4 is better than we expected. The whole @CAPS1 is filled with joy and laughter, which are some key aspects of life. You can't @ORGANIZATION1 without laughter when you're super happy or think something is funny. Happiness is the one thing you need to live a fun, fulfilling life. I think the ability to laugh is one of the things that makes it fun to be around a person. Do you think you laugh enough?
Time for me to go @CAPS1-wheeling! Once I went to @CAPS1-wheeling with @PERSON3, @PERSON5, @PERSON1, @PERSON4, we went to @ORGANIZATION1. It's who's on what truck. It's @PERSON2 and me in my @CAPS2 @NUM1, @PERSON1 and @PERSON4 in his tracker @NUM1, @PERSON3 and @PERSON5 in his @NUM3 wheel drive jeep @CAPS3. As we started going down, @PERSON3 let @PERSON5 drive down. @PERSON5 can't see very well at night because she wears glasses and has poor eyesight. Well, I followed them down the hill and we finally got to the sidewalk, and @PERSON5 was going very fast on that road because it was a narrow winding road and it was the first time she had ever been on it before. She rounded a very tight corner, got up on two wheels, and rolled over in front of me, so I had to slam on the brakes to avoid hitting them. So I turned off my truck as fast as I could and helped @PERSON5 get off the truck, when I turned to help @PERSON3 he was already on the truck. He looked at @PERSON5 and replied "@CAPS4 look what you did to my truck, I've tried rolling it so many times but can never give you the hell!". So we all started laughing and I took a chain out of the back of the truck and pulled him back. Then it was really quiet, @PERSON4 farted and we started laughing again. Then @PERSON3 found a hole in his radiator and I had to pull him back to his house, which seemed to be the longest drive ever, since his truck was so much heavier than mine, I had to use @PERSON3 CAPS1 wheels pull him home to drive, you can't go over 30 in @CAPS1 wheel drive because things will break. So we finally got to his house and his dad came out by the side and he saw the truck and was really pissed because he gave him that truck as a graduation present and he screwed it all up. Then he finally calmed down because he said no one was hurt and he was happy about it, so we went in and went to bed after dinner. So the moral of the story is to be very careful because things can happen at unexpected times.
We all know the benefits of laughter. Many people believe that laughter is an important part of any relationship. Is there anything funny? Can one be happy without smiling? I never go a day without laughing. I know the benefits of laughter. you? I know the benefits of laughter. It's amazing how something so simple can bring people together, make friends and repair relationships, or make their day better if they're going through a tough time. In ninth grade, I got into an argument with my best friend because I didn't ask him to be on our basketball team for the annual tournament. After speaking out, my best friend made a few jokes and it all worked out. My point is that laughter releases tension rather than making everything so serious. Laughter can also help you make friends. All over the world, a simple laugh can bring two or more people together. What about the enemy? Laughter might tell you that you like something about someone you don't quite like. Laughter also happens to be good for health, it's a proven fact. What happens when you are very nervous about a recent exam or a different exam? There are many ways to deal with stress, but the real trick is to laugh. Try going online to find funny things that make you laugh, hang out with a friend or group of friends, or find other things that might make you laugh. The famous @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is always nervous before one of his shows, and it just so happens that laughter is what he uses to get rid of butterflies. It's amazing how laughter can help you in many situations. Have you ever found yourself feeling depressed or stressed? Have you been smiling a lot lately? Laughing may help. Laughter can be a great therapy if you can't bond with your friends, or if you're just in a bad mood. Laughter is great for your health and has helped me in my life so far. Laughter will help you whether you realize it or not. Your laughter can help others too! The next time you're feeling down or need something to lift your spirits, have fun with friends or do something you enjoy that might make you laugh.
Laughter is the most important part when you meet other people. Even a shallow smile can change the image of the whole person. Sometimes people practice laughter to better shape themselves. I believe everyone has their own personality in their laughter. How you laugh is the way to express your feelings. For example, you can tell you're uncomfortable by laughing nervously, or you can sarcastically tell it's not actually funny by laughing like a robot without any tone or emotion. You can say many things with laughter. Usually, friendships are created automatically when two people have something in common and agree with each other. Laughing is the best way to agree with someone. As @CAPS1 I have a hard time expressing my emotions with laughter. As far as I know, a lot of @CAPS2 folks don't know that @CAPS1 doesn't have as good a smile as white people because their facial muscles aren't very developed. That's why others think @CAPS4 is always angry and doesn't like humor. Thanks to this, I have a lot of misunderstandings about my laughter. When I laugh, I don't look like I'm laughing, which makes for an unnatural laugh. When I first came here, it was in the middle of the semester and I couldn't say @CAPS5 like I do now. I have no friends at all. Becoming someone's friend without knowing what they know or what their sense of humor is is a very difficult job. At @LOCATION1 I usually make friends by making them laugh, but here I don't know how to make them laugh. I had to listen quietly to what they were laughing at, and I had to figure out what sense of humor they had. Finally, when I made a friend, I still couldn't laugh. I don't understand what they are saying. I don't know when to laugh and when to laugh. It seems silly in retrospect, but I'm really serious. I really miss @LOCATION1 where I have friends who can understand and laugh together. Living without a sense of humour frustrates me. I suddenly stopped laughing because I thought it would be silly to laugh alone. I've been looking for the culture of this country and trying to watch more TV to see what they think. Then I finally got the slang words they used, and I laughed when others laughed. I am really happy. I'm glad I can make other people laugh. I have made many friends and I laugh with them. But I still don't understand some of the language or something they laugh at, but I just laugh when they laugh. When I laugh with them, I feel like I'm one of them and I'm really happy. There is a study on laughter and life and it says that the more you laugh, the longer you live. They say that even a fake smile can trick your brain and it can be healthy. Then I saw a doctor who could only heal with laughter. Some people laugh together for their health. They got together and started laughing. It was really weird when I first saw that group on @CAPS6, but I saw the effort people put into staying healthy. I think fake smiles can make everyone happy, and smiles can cover up everyone's mistakes. I also figured out that there are still many ways to laugh in this world. With a little laugh, or even a fake laugh, we can make society a better place and a better life.
Many people like to laugh, while others just don't. I'm one of those people who loves to laugh and laugh when my @CAPS1 tells a really good joke. I believe laughter is important because it just feels good, it makes you feel that everything is good. The person who laughs the most with you is obviously your @CAPS1. Who is there to support you when you're down, your @CAPS1 is, all they try to do is make you laugh. My best friend @PERSON3 and I always love to laugh, especially if we're in class together, it's all about laughing. We had so much fun in class, we did pay attention, but we just made it fun, we just laughed so much that it distracted everyone else. Our sophomore teacher @PERSON1 always told us we were stupid and that's a good thing. She also told us that she had never seen anyone smile so happily in her class. For example, we were learning vocabulary that year and when @PERSON3 and I saw the word emoji we started laughing because it meant face and it reminded us of the TV show @CAPS1. During that week, whenever the word came up, we laughed so hard that our stomachs started to hurt. Her face would turn as red as a tomato and I wouldn't even be able to speak. Even now that we're juniors, we still remember this and we just started laughing so much that if I stood up I would let myself fall to the ground and move my feet like I was kicking something. Now my @CAPS1 is starting to laugh more because they say I'm hilarious. @PERSON3 and I are the kind of thing that if it's boring to us, there has to be a way to make it fun. Some teachers appreciate that we are actually having fun in their classes, but others don't like it at all. Like last year at @CAPS2 @CAPS3 our teacher @PERSON2 was totally freaked out because @PERSON3 and I were laughing. We pay attention, but we only laugh at work, and he doesn't like it. For us, that class was pretty boring, we just made it fun, but @PERSON2 decided to make a sitting chart. Well, you'd think that with @PERSON3's agent chart, I wouldn't be able to talk or laugh at all, but that didn't happen. It didn't stop her or me from talking to those around us. We'll talk to them and make the class fun. When he thought we weren't paying attention, he would ask us questions and we answered correctly. Even when @PERSON3 and I sit far away from each other, we move our hands until we get each other's attention, and then we start laughing because we all seem funny doing it without a word. Every day when my @CAPS1 and I have lunch at our usual place at school, we are always laughing. People who don't know me think I'm crazy or weird, but I say I'm just me and I'm optimistic. @PERSON3 and I say "@CAPS4 sad panda today" We say when we see one of our @CAPS1s quiet or looking sad. The weirdest thing is that when @PERSON3 and I laughed at the same time, it sounded like a laugh. When we first realized we had the same laugh, we started laughing harder and couldn't even breathe. Laughing is important because it feels good, and even if you're having a really bad day, you'll feel relieved, and like the health teacher said, frowning takes more muscle than smiling.
Laughter is used as the "good medicine" for everything. All their lives, people underestimate the power of laughter. Laughter and joy have always been my personal way of getting to know others better. I personally use laughter to create a connection so that another person and I can connect to a certain extent to be able to share our thoughts and feelings through laughter. Laughter is very important in life. Laughter can help someone find people who share similarities and interests with them, laughter can build good relationships between compatible people, and help create stories that are explained later in life. There will always be a person or group of people who can enjoy something similar in their lifetime. I am involved in many social groups. In most of these groups, laughter is the common thread between all of them. Laughter would not exist in life without this similar interest. Laughter helps get you through the day. People find these common interests between people and start to build relationships between people that didn't exist before. These relationships may manifest through colleagues, authority figures, and everyday friends and family. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". Human relationships are built on laughter and the joy of being with others. These relationships are formed with friendly people on a social level. Without these relationships, people will never have good times in their lives. These relationships are created to help tell stories about life. I've had bad times and good times in my life. The worst times in my life were when my family died. Great grandparents on both sides of my family passed away. Another horrible thing that happened in my life was that a friend of mine passed away at a very young age. What happened was he was riding an ATV. But the good things in my life are breathtaking. One of the most breathtaking things in my life is most of my conversations with friends. Laughter is the point of the conversation. When I first started my relationship with @PERSON1, all I could think about was being able to enjoy my time with her. On our first day together, we couldn't stop laughing. Everything I said and everything she did was funny to me. The most common thing we have in common is laughter. In every basketball game, we try to be together as much as possible. We try to get to know each other better by finding common interests through laughter, because "laughing is the shortest distance between two people". Laughter can help people find people who share their interests, laughter can build good relationships between compatible people, and help create stories that are explained later in life. Laughter is used on a personal level to get closer to that person. Laughter can be used in everyday life. Laughter is an element of a relationship that should always be there.
Arguments are defined as "discussions in which different opinions are expressed." In many cases, a well-known "@CAPS1" is created between two conflicting parties. Without a way to bridge this gap, the two groups or individuals will fail to reach a settlement and continue to argue until one side backs down and accepts the other's point of view. Laughter can act as that bridge. The door slammed shut and I went straight into my room. I come home from a good time with an old friend. In retrospect, I don't remember what it was, all I know is that I won't talk to him again; but as young as I am, these thoughts rarely last. I saw him every day during the week at school, but it didn't matter if he was there or not. As long as we fight, he's not by my side. It seems like a good plan to ignore each other completely until we calm down, but like any plan, things never go as well as you would like, especially when you're in the same elementary school, in the same elementary school class. In elementary school, or at least in my case, there are a lot of group activities, and things get difficult when you're paired with people you don't get along with best. Whether it's building things, writing together, or solving math problems as a team, communication and teamwork are important, and our battles don't affect the team well. Each of us will discuss the best way to carry out the task at hand with another member of the team with whom we are not arguing, and then they will discuss and consult each of us individually. In short, it's a mess, and it's much more difficult than it should have been. Outside the classroom, the battle continues. During the break, we wouldn't agree to be on the same team or even on the same side of the pitch as each other. After about a week, I realized this needed to stop. During recess, I tried to get him to speak up about our problems instead of yelling or ignoring each other. The calm resolution of the problem started out fine, but as a kid it ended with a yell and I lost. I'm starting to wonder if we're going to fix this. When I got home that day, my mother, as a mother, always knew when something was wrong and asked me what was bothering me. At first I resisted explaining things, but, as a mother, she persuaded me to tell her. She went on to say that I need to be a mature person and that we need to talk calmly about our differences, which I've tried. I started ignoring her, imagining my friend's mother giving him the same speech. When she finished, all I got from the lecture was that I needed to try again. During recess the next day, I went to him with the goal of addressing the day, no matter what the situation was. When I found him and tried to talk things out, it turned into an argument again. Friends nearby started to crowd and we persevered. Suddenly, in the midst of yelling, the friend I've been arguing with for the past few weeks starts laughing. I was taken aback, thinking what might happen if the angry shouting turned into laughter. Looking around, I don't see anything out of the ordinary, just a few snickering bystanders. I retraced what just happened in my head. Just when I got to the point where he started laughing, I realized I was making a joke unintentionally when we were yelling at each other. The realization made me laugh, and so did others in the neighborhood. After we stopped laughing, we sat down and said things like we should have done from the start. We questioned why we were still fighting over something as unimportant and trivial as this. After talking for about five minutes, we agreed to stay friends and later we would try to get things straight before yelling at each other. When the teacher blew the whistle and the class was over, I happily walked back to the classroom, relieved that we had finally solved the problem and could continue to be friends. If I hadn't made that joke in our fight, I'm not sure we'd have made up, even though we realized how pointless it was. Laughing during an argument won't solve the problem for you. However, laughter can build a bridge over @CAPS1 and provide a common ground for solving @MONTH1's problems.
Laughter @CAPS1 The first time I meet someone, there's always a small wall to climb before we really get to know each other: @CAPS2 Laughter. I had a weird and awkward nervous laugh that was almost like a giggle, and I didn't even hear it. Others though. Especially when they meet me for the first time. I think most of the time it helps people get to know me faster. But other times, I think it's a roadblock to understanding me. When someone first sees me they usually always comment @CAPS2 lol. They either seem a little abandoned by it, or they open up easily and joke with me. They always tell me this: @CAPS3 is weird, @CAPS3 I do it a lot, what is it like, etc. It's like I've never been told before. However, this is fine. I didn't hear it coming out and I don't mind being told. I really don't think that's a bad thing. I get more embarrassed and try to control it when they seem to be scared off by @CAPS2's laughter, but usually end up doing more. If it seems to make them laugh, they don't make fun of me for it, I just let it out and then it's easy to get to know the person. I didn't really realize that @CAPS3 sucks until a weekend at the beach. I was on a beach vacation with the @CAPS2 youth group and one of the activities was a video scavenger hunt. We walked around town and filmed videos of different things, actions, situations and people. One of the things we had to get a video of was one of us playing rock-paper-scissors with a stranger. So I immediately walked up to two older women and asked to play a game with them. When we both watched the video later, I saw and heard @CAPS3's strange @CAPS2 voices, laughter, and behavior with strangers. People tell me about them from time to time, but I've never seen them. It's weird! Another case is when @LOCATION1 this @DATE1 works. When we play icebreakers to break the tension and make it easier to meet people on the team. Everyone on the @CAPS2 team seems a little weird to me. I don't know why until one guy came out and got it straight: tell me @CAPS2 laughed. However, as the first week passed, I was the one who knew everyone on the team best. Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. It can be bridged quickly, or bigger: depends on @CAPS3 how people react to it. If they join together, the distance is destroyed. However, when one person doesn't join in the laughter, or doesn't like the other person's laughter, the distance increases considerably. Breaking this distance becomes difficult, and the opportunity to do so may be lost. This is too bad. We should all be able to laugh together and share each other's happiness.
Every time I walk down the hall I see a couple who are either laughing at each other or doing other things that might disqualify me from the exam. I know for a fact that the people who were voted the cutest couple at our school were the ones who laughed and not the ones who laughed later. Laughter not only creates couples, then families, and ultimately the next generation, but also creates friendships at school, at home, at events, and more. This is why I personally think that laughter is the most powerful action a person can do. Every one of my friends laughed with me and vice versa. Especially since we met, a friend I've become even closer. I was very obsessed with going to church when I was very young. I've always been shy and the church has allowed me to socialize with others without lines. However, I saw a girl sitting in the back corner and I thought she was terrified like I might be anywhere else. My parents always wanted me to be more social, and they said one way to do that was to go out of their way to meet new people. I did it for maybe the first time in my life saying "hi" to her. She replied me her name. However, I fell back into my shy self and was afraid to talk to her or anyone else again. However, I was in third grade when this all happened, so things have changed over time. About @NUM1 years later, a new class opened in a new church open to kids of all ages. As one of two people who show up frequently, I have integrated myself into that classroom. However, on this day, I am the only one in my age group. Well, I was actually the only one in my age group who was there on time. I saw a girl walk in with her father and you could tell she was forcing her to go to class. It took me a while to imagine who it was, but eventually I realized who it was. It was the girl who was afraid of going to church, and now she is the girl who was afraid of going to class. She can recognize me clearly. I made a gesture to let her in. Then you saw her smile. She soon began to laugh. This was when I realized I had met someone special. Now every time I see her I smile. That's how I knew she would be a friend for a long time. Laughing can't be enclosed in quotes, but it can be used in your memory for the rest of your life. I know this is a fact because many days have passed since then and I still have these memories. Laughter is the easiest way to tell if a person is a true friend, more or should and will be forgotten.
I hang out with my friends and we sit in the park talking about life and school and I think you can say it's a lot of fun so we say we're going to play games and run around and laugh and we're going to have to go to the bathroom when we when returning home. So we got tired so we lay on the grass and looked at the clouds we just lay there and looked and pointed at all the weirdly shaped jars like human faces and it was funny so we stared and did funny The sound went on as they passed our clouds and we lay there laughing and watching the clouds drift by, it was so much fun. So went home and had some water and went to the bathroom and then we played wii and we laughed a little bit more and it was fun. Laughter is like medicine, it makes all the bad things look good and just helps you get better when you're down. The world turns around. Do you like to laugh? Do you like to laugh when you don't know what to do? There are ways to make you feel better and help you go further in life, just put a smile on your face and put another person's face on it to make other people feel good.
Once, a long time ago, a friend and I laughed so hard when a child fell to the ground and started crying. There was water on the ground and he was soaked. The janitor is mopping the floor with water. The child did not pay attention to the gatekeeper at all. The janitor is also a scumbag who gets mad at the boy for stealing from the school janitor's closet. The boy was also pissed off because the janitor was mean to him, I'm in @NUM1 grade, I don't know better. I have to say I'm sorry because the teacher caught my friend laughing and told me the boy wasn't in good spirits or was unstable. I'm not feeling well, I apologize right away. I tell the kid I don't mean anything, it's just a reaction. The boy was able to laugh at himself, he and I became friends. I feel like this little event in my life made me a better person. I'm not so quick to laugh at other people's misfortunes @CAPS1, people all over the world are stupid and no one is perfect. Everyone is different and unique in their own way. The worlds will never be one, they will always be at war on earth forever.
There was one laugh in one of my relationships when my cousin made me laugh when I was in trouble. @DATE1 @TIME1 It was raining and I just woke up and my dad asked me to make him breakfast; while I was making hash browns, eggs and toast, I thought about how little time I had with my dad, How precarious and unstable our father-daughter relationship was, I thought about what we could do together. When I brought him his breakfast, I brought up the idea of going to the movies and he said he would think about it and told me to start my chores. When I was finally done, I went on Facebook and talked to my cousin @CAPS1; I told him how excited I was going to the movies with my dad that we could finally spend more time together. By five in the afternoon, I was back upstairs to talk to Dad. I asked him when we were leaving and he said around eight o'clock, that's when I thought we weren't going at all. I walked out of his room and down the stairs, only to find myself in tears. I curled up in the @CAPS2-boy chair in the living room, waiting for eight to come. When it arrived, I was disappointed, my father said we would go the next day, but he was bringing a friend. Since his friend is going to see his daughter at her gymnastics competition (also my friend from three), I have no problem seeing the competition or her. I did have a problem, but my dad and I went to the movies with people. Although I wanted to spend quality time with him; my dad didn't want to spend quality time with me and it was frustrating that we barely talked, which is hard to do when you all live under the same roof. I went back up the stairs and climbed back into the chair crying and decided it must be my fault, I did something wrong. So I got up and talked to someone I knew who could help me out of this mess. He was the only person I absolutely enjoyed talking to and someone who knew me very well. This is my cousin and we have a very strong relationship with almost nothing but laughter. At first he tried to appease me but it didn't work, so he did what he knew best, he made me laugh by doing or saying stupid random things; he even said he would eat me if I didn't smile for him Poor kitten. That's when I started giggling and he kept making me laugh until the only tear I shed trying to breathe. He's always been the one who always makes me frown. I can do the same for him, he @MONTH1 is my cousin, but he is also my best friend, it makes me feel that I need the love from my family, only he can give me, I hope I always Will not forget or lose with him. Before I became friends with @CAPS1, I never thought I could have someone with whom I could actually talk about my family life. He understands me, understands my experience, understands me as I understand him, and I enjoy it. I couldn't ask for better. He is my favorite cousin and the best of my best friends, he loves talking to me and making me laugh until I try to breathe air. I'll never forget what he did for me, but it's more prominent than ever, and I thank him for it. This is how and why laughter is an important part of all people and every relationship with all people.
Laughter is an element or part when my brother plays youtube videos to my family. The video is about a man talking about his childhood when his dad told him to go to the store to buy bread for dinner sandwiches and was told not to get in any trouble. To avoid getting into trouble, his dad let him cross the street because there were three boys down the block looking troublesome. So he did as his father told him and he crossed the road but when he passed the boys they stopped him. A boy shouted, and a group of friends flew in from the barber shop across the street and surrounded him. He managed to get free and run as fast as he could. He said he was running so fast that he knew he passed @ORGANIZATION1 because he said he was behind it and then in front of the car running to his house. When he returned to his house, he told his father that he did as he said. The father was only worried if he got the bread and the guy was not happy because his father was worried about the bread and not him. The way this guy talks about his childhood memories is funny, even though I've seen the brother's video the night before and we still think it's funny, so does my family and we sometimes laugh.
One day my friend and I woke up in the middle of the night and his brother came in screaming and shouted "brother" with the tip of his lungs! That's the nickname he gave him because he was only two years old so my friend Spencer calmed him down and we started watching TV and we were talking about what we were going to do today so we started throwing ideas until we finished one A place where we're going to swim later and play some games now. Mama Spencer asked when we were going swimming and we had to take his little brother. So we went early so his little brother could swim and we could sit and listen to the music. Unlike everyone who uses an ipod, I use my phone because then I can text and listen to music and it turns off the music when someone calls so I'll know. It's also a brand new phone, and I've enjoyed every moment I have with it. So when we sent his little brother away, we also went back to the pool and sat in the hot tub for a while. I put my phone on my shirt and on the towel, so when Spencer went out with the towel too, he jerked the towel out and my phone flew to the ground and slid all the way to the floor, the hot tub also slipped to the ground. The moment I looked down at it and freaked out, I took it out and ripped off the back cover and wiped the battery dry with a towel hoping it would still work and it wouldn't stop dialing zeros and nines, so I took the battery out again . When we got back to his mom, I plugged in the charger without the battery, and Spencer kept saying sorry and I kept saying "it's okay". The next morning, his mom asked why we didn't use a pot of rice and we started laughing because we were freaked out by the phone. I just forgot about the phone after that and just kept laughing and the phone was working and it was one of the funniest stories.
What a great night @DATE1! ! My friends and I are going to the @CAPS1 party where our dance instructor works. We had to dress up as elves and play with the kids. It was a lot of fun, but after we finished the party, the real fun started! After we changed out of our costumes and went back to our regular clothes, we started taking pictures. @CAPS3 is funny, cute, weird, all kinds of pictures. Anyway, my friends and I didn't want to go home yet, so we decided to go somewhere to take more pictures and have more fun! The first stop was a school playground, but we couldn't stay because it was late and we weren't allowed in, so we decided to go to the discovery park where I was driving, and a friend of mine was in the passenger seat and filmed It's hilarious that a turned-around photo comes out. So when we got to the park, my friend who was taking pictures said @CAPS2 I was driving near the parking lot? "I said sure. We switched places and left. She's a good driver, but @CAPS3 is kinda scary I think we're dying. Haha. So she drove around and walked to a car on the side of a major road. Stop sign, she thought it was a good time to turn back and I yelled at her "@CAPS3's a car coming, we @CAPS2 are in trouble" but no, she didn't listen to me, she got out of the car, so I Had to get out of the car and we were yelling at each other and my friend in the back seat was yelling and it wasn't because we were crazy but we didn't want to get caught and we had a lot of fun. So I got back in the driver's seat , we were all yelling "get in the car" but she laughed so hard she said "I peeed my pants. "We all started laughing because we thought she was joking, but oh no, she was serious, she laughed so hard she actually pissed her pants! It's a good thing she has a relationship with her Extra pants. So I had to back up so she could change behind this big metal thing. While she was changing, we thought it would be interesting if we could get a picture of her changing so I took I got the camera and stuck it out the window, but even with the flash on, it was dark so the picture didn't come out! She laughed so hard we made fun of her saying "keep it on". Even though it's been two months, we still make fun of it a lot She. Whenever we laugh so hard and someone says "oh I think I'm going to pee" we look at @PERSON1 and say "@PERSON1 knows what that's like" and we love to make fun of what she does The next day we went to tell other friends who were not around us what happened and they all started laughing like we did. When we told the other friends she was not in our room at the time but when she walked in , we all stopped to see her and it was really hard not to laugh. Now everyone knows about the "accident" that night with @PERSON1. We make fun of her from time to time, but she laughs along because we all know it could be us Anyone in. It still makes me laugh today, not as much as when it actually happened, but you @CAPS2 still laugh every now and then."
A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 For me, laughter is a big part of life. I can't and don't want to escape it. @CAPS1 is interesting on its own. It always makes stressful situations lighthearted. Nothing feels more perfect than diving headlong into uncontrollable laughter. @CAPS1 is the best way to bring people together and form memories and bonds. In my family and family, too many situations arise that lead to the potential for laughter, and are often the result of laughter. The same goes for my friends at school and other distant family members. Growing up with brothers, interesting neighbors and cousins has produced most of my @CAPS1 memories. This time, the laughter flowed freely, which happened recently. The situation started when my brother @PERSON1 had to do schoolwork. @PERSON1 was assigned by his history teacher to write a diary as if he were the mountain man of @DATE1. I didn't plan on helping him with his homework, but considering the end result, I'm glad I did. It seems unlikely that this task would be so interesting. I guess it just goes to show how laughter can pop up in such an unpredictable place. I walked into @PERSON1's room and he told me what he was doing, so I leaned on his shoulder to help him come up with some ideas. We're making progress, and once a point is reached, we've all contributed a subtle humorous comment that we've decided to add to the entry. Reading our creations is nothing less than a burst of laughter. The noise poured out of @PERSON1's room like volcanic lava! My parents could hear us and probably thought we were crazy! Another person reading our literature might not laugh at all, but to us, it's funny. When I was in a good mood, considering that the history teacher of @PERSON1 said to make the entry creative, I added some humorous sentences. By this time, I've redoubled my efforts to speak through all the @CAPS1 I've been consuming. @PERSON1 is not much better. Homework makes @CAPS3 more fun. We did it faster than @PERSON1 could do it himself and felt the best. @PERSON1 ended up getting full marks when he made it his teacher. This is just one example out of thousands I can think of lol @CAPS4. This particular instance helps, but @CAPS4's work is not a chore, it's a great joy. Maybe more laughter in the workplace leads to better production. All things considered, laughter is the best @CAPS2 in my opinion.
I believe laughter is an important part of any relationship. Laughter has always been an important element in all of my relationships, be it friends, family or girlfriends. My best relationship is with my best friend @PERSON1 and it's full of laughter. We always have a great time together, like last time @DATE1 when she and I went to Snow Peak with some friends, I tore a ligament in my knee when I was dancing @PERSON2's quads. We laugh at me for being stupid and getting hurt, we laugh at @CAPS1's big ears and how they make him look like the @CAPS2 elephant. I think what makes us so close and such good friends is how much we make each other laugh. When we first met she was dating a friend of mine and the first thing I did was make her laugh and we've been great friends ever since. Then she asked me if I wanted to work on the Harvest Festival and I worked with her and it kept her laughing. Now I'm her jerk and she's my best friend. The most important thing I did to make her laugh at the Harvest Festival was wearing a cowboy hat with a large sum of money in my mouth as I rode my bike down the entire track in a tractor @LOCATION1. The moral of the story is that the more you make people laugh, whether with friends, family, or significant other, the stronger and stronger your relationship will be.
Just One @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 A @CAPS4 @CAPS5 Among us @DATE1, @PERSON2, @LOCATION1 and I, walking under the cover of the woods, we decided to stop by the lake and have a perfect spot at our usual meeting place view, have a chat. @LOCATION1, 6' @DATE1, with long jet black hair, just tickled chin, dark blue eyes, attractive, lying on wet green grass. But the six foot tall @PERSON2 with short brown hair and deep ochre eyes chose to stand in front of us about @DATE1 steps. For anyone passing by if he was just admiring the stunning view of crystal water, he would watch @CAPS5, but for those of us who know him well, know he is thinking of his brother @PERSON1, he is in the hospital. @PERSON1 was in the wrong place at the wrong time, got involved in a homeless fight, not to mention the guy was drunk and stabbed with a rusted switch blade. @PERSON2 feels it's his fault that this happened and it's so frustrating that he won't @CAPS1 for any of our stupidity or even eat for it. This feeling of @PERSON2 is so scary for @LOCATION1 and I that we can't cheer him up. @PERSON2 is usually the most dynamic of us all and we do everything possible to make him feel better, or at least get him back to @CAPS1 again. But we couldn't get him to move once, not even a single giggle from his tense jaw. Not one of our poor attempts touched his eyes, but we never gave up, in fact, we tried to make him smile again for days on end. We got to the point of desperation, even dressing ourselves up as the @CAPS5 antenna, going to @PERSON2's house, dragging him off the couch, and taking him downtown. However, his mouth twitched upwards before a second. Although we did some of the most outrageous and unimaginably embarrassing things we could think of, believe me, we thought about it for days. We got absolutely no response from him, except, of course, his huge yawn. And finally, about @DATE1, we made him giggle and eventually turned into a full, body-shaking @CAPS1. You'll never guess what ended up breaking him. @CAPS6 - @CAPS6 joke. What a cheesy, stupid @CAPS6 - @CAPS6 joke to him out of all the horribly obnoxious behavior we've done. Even though @LOCATION1 and I feel like total idiots, we can't help but be with @CAPS1. After that day, it was no longer a difficult process for him. @PERSON2 almost but not quite back to his normal self. So our life goes on and @PERSON1 is discharged very smoothly.
Sometimes life is complicated. Nothing is black and white. This is a glimpse of my childhood. I think the best way to start is to start. I had my first memory when I was about @NUM1. My dad @PERSON3, my brother and I are all by a pond in @LOCATION1. We are racing the @CAPS1 boat my dad built. We'll be there every other @DATE1 after school, from the moment I left school until it's too dark outside, you can' @CAPS4 see your hands right in front of you. One particular time I remember going was when my brother decided I needed to go swimming. My brothers and I got along well, but we were never really close to each other. @CAPS9 loves to play pranks on me because I'm the youngest. So I was standing next to my dad and brother and there was a whole bunch of little ferns around us. My brother @PERSON2 jumped out of a bush behind me and it made me jump. Meanwhile, my brother @PERSON1 is on his knees waiting to jump up so he can let me trip over him. Well I did, there was a dip on the edge of the pond that no one really noticed and I rolled down the hill. My elbow hit my stomach, my head hit a rock, and then @CAPS2! I'm soaking wet right now, and there's a slimy green monster lying there. No one was laughing at the moment, but then we laughed. No one really spoke for the rest of the night. The sun was just starting to set and I was sitting in the back of a blanketed truck as my dad, brother and @PERSON3 stood in the sunset. I will never forget that looming sight. As the years passed, the relationship between my brother and I gradually deteriorated. Things are not as easy to quit as '@CAPS4. There's '@CAPS4 forgive and forget. My brother @PERSON2 is five years older than me. He has @CAPS3 and serious relationship issues. One day, he decided to push his problems to me. I'm about @NUM2 years old. I love my brothers and I didn't know his ulterior motives at the time. My whole family is watching @CAPS4.V except my dad. in living room. My brother @PERSON2 went back to his room, put Spiderman in his mini @CAPS5 player, and climbed the ladder into his bed. It was a titanium bed with a table at the bottom and the top bunk almost kissed the seal. He came out of the room, went into the kitchen, and filled his water bottle with water. As he filled the bottle, he asked if anyone wanted to see Spider-Man. As my mother was watching the news, I took his offer. We both climbed onto the top bunk to watch a movie. We watched for a while. I was cold so he gave me a blanket I bought him @CAPS6 last time. It's fluffy, thick and warm, with a huge tiger on it. Like most boys, he slept in the boxer, and it was a little odd to see him walking around wearing the boxer. But I didn't say anything. As we lay there, he put his hand in my pants. I pushed him away and continued watching the movie. He tried a few more times, but I wouldn't @CAPS4 let him do it. I don't @CAPS4 think this is correct. But then he pinned me down with his leg. I didn't scream @CAPS4. He started wiggling his fingers in my pants and it stinged. I told him to stop on purpose and he didn't '@CAPS4. Then he grabbed a pencil from behind and stuck it in my vagina. Seconds later, my father came in and said it was time for bed. My brother leaned back and I rushed out of his room. That night was the first time my dad read me a bedtime story without @CAPS4. After a few months my brother @PERSON1 started acting weird too. He was always nervous around me, never relaxed. He went out one day and bought a whole bunch of my favorite candies. Those @CAPS7 "@CAPS8 @ORGANIZATION1's." @CAPS9 looks like @ORGANIZATION1, white and crunchy on the outside, chocolate on the inside. He would bribe me with these, saying, "If you let me touch you in three places of my choosing, I'll give you a box of @CAPS8 @ORGANIZATION1's." I don't @CAPS4 know that's wrong. I just wanted candy so I let him. This interaction lasted about a year. He never did anything invasive. I really don't know what @CAPS4 knows what to do with myself after all this stuff. I cried once I knew it was wrong, but it didn't help '@CAPS4. So I tried to laugh and it worked. Knowing that laughing is a key part of forgetting things helps me move on.
"Laughter" @CAPS1 Did you feel it? An uncontrollable sense of joy building up in you? That feeling you @CAPS11 is never explained by any words, only one. laughter. It's an amazing feeling, it @CAPS11 lets you do so many things like scream and shout! Someone once said that laughter is the beauty of life. It helped us get out of trouble and @CAPS11 always put a smile on our face when we @CAPS2 failed. It will make the good times even better and never be forgotten. Laughter is something everyone needs. It helps us connect with people. It makes you one with another person. This is my story. Story of how laughter brought me to meet the love of @CAPS7 life. How the joy between us will last forever and how the memory of his smile will live on in my heart forever. @DATE1 is the day I met him. It was a beautiful day, snow covered the ground for miles and I was surrounded by awesome @CAPS7 friends. The feeling of boredom quickly flew over our heads. So we decided it was time to give @CAPS1 some fun. We quickly put on our snowcloths and started running towards the door. We walked out of the moment when everyone but me stopped. I kept getting into the icy air. I slowly started to realize that they had stopped and I tried to stop right away. They all started laughing as I lay on top of the icy grown-ups, hugging @CAPS7's soaring ass. I'm embarrassed, shocked by @CAPS4 that I didn't move, I just lay down and closed @CAPS7's eyes. As I lay there, I started to hear footsteps. I think they are just here to help my @CAPS7 friends. But when I open @CAPS7's eyes, I don't see @CAPS7's friends. This is a Hansen guy I've met a few times before at @CAPS7 High School. @CAPS3 leaned over and asked me, "@CAPS2 how are you?" I replied shyly, "yes..." @CAPS3 smiled and reached out to help me up. My entire @CAPS7 body is full of butterflies when our skin touches lightly. I looked at him and @CAPS11 told @CAPS3 that I felt the same way. We all smiled and started laughing as I stood at the feet of @CAPS7. To this day I still don't understand why we laugh...I want to know a million things at a time, but the first question that comes out of @CAPS7's mouth is, "Is @CAPS4 your name?" @CAPS3 replied with a smile Say, "@CAPS6 and you?" "@CAPS7's name is @CAPS8." I reply. I started thanking him and asking @CAPS3 if I wanted some hot chocolate or coffee. The tone of @CAPS3's reply was cute and sent a chill down @CAPS7's spine. @CAPS3 said: "I'd rather take you for a burger, would you come?" @CAPS7 had a big smile on my face when I said "yes". @CAPS3 grabs @CAPS7's hand and takes me closer to @CAPS7 friends. They all started smiling, turned and walked briskly into the depths of @CAPS7's house. @CAPS3 smiled and decided not to follow. We all started laughing as we ran to his car. I @CAPS1 hear a lot about @CAPS6, @CAPS7 friends @CAPS2 always talk about how cute and muscular @CAPS3 is. The first thought in @CAPS7's mind was, I can't believe @CAPS3 wants to take me out to lunch! We sat awkwardly in the car until a small dinner called @ORGANIZATION1. When we stopped, @CAPS3 jumped out of the car and rushed to the door of @CAPS7 to open it. @CAPS3 What a gentle man, I thought. When we got to our table, @CAPS3 ordered food for both of us and asked me all sorts of questions. @CAPS3 made me smile when I was in the hole! I don't think any boy has ever done that. After dinner, @CAPS3 drove me home and we laughed and laughed as @CAPS3 told me joke after joke. When we got to the @CAPS7 house, @CAPS3 asked me a question. A question I will never forget. "@CAPS11 I kiss you?" @CAPS3 asked. Instead of answering, I leaned in and kissed him. After the ward we looked into each other's eyes and started laughing. Why we laughed I still don't know. But at that moment I fell in love. At that moment I realized that laughter would be our eternal connection. The laughter is in his honor. @MONTH1 @CAPS3 Rest in peace...
Like all great things in life, laughter is what keeps me going. Without laughter, I'm exhausted. I'll tell you the three things in my life that make me laugh the most. First up is @CAPS1 mom. (@LOCATION1) @CAPS1 Mom showed me that laughter is the key to almost everything. She told me it was okay to fall. Lol you are stupid, you screwed up, but make sure to stand up. No matter what happens in @CAPS1 teen "drama" life, @CAPS1 mom can make me laugh. The most important thing I've learned is when I'm having a breakdown, when I feel like the whole world is against me, I just don't want to be me anymore and laugh. I haven't left @CAPS1's house for a week and a half when my @CAPS1 best friend fought @TIME1 @DATE1 and I don't want to talk to any @CAPS1 friends. @CAPS1 mom tried to get me to call her but I never did until one day @CAPS1 mom sat on the @CAPS1 bed and said "@CAPS2 it doesn't want to happen to you but you do it with it, you Can you hear me laughing all the time, when I'm upset and sad and happy...that's what I want you to do, no matter what's going on in your "drama" teenage life, don't shrug @CAPS2 lol , call her." Friend of @CAPS1 @CAPS5 is definitely number two. Like my friends from @CAPS1, I also have @CAPS5. When I'm with them, nothing else excites me and the whole world could end without me noticing anything. I feel like because I have @CAPS5, I can speak a language that most people don't understand except my friends from @CAPS1 and @CAPS5. The friends of @CAPS1 are casual and energetic. One thing they taught me is that having @CAPS5 is both a gift and a curse. When @PERSON1 and I hang out, wherever we are, we are there, we can't help but feel stupid, plus the non-stop laughter. Sometimes it can get us into things like people our age think we're laughing at them when we're not. Third place is me. I let myself laugh more than anyone or anything. I'm a complete comedian. When I try to be funny, I'm not that funny, but when I don't, I make people laugh so hard that they cry. @CAPS1 All my life I've been told "@CAPS2, wow, whatever your mood, you really matter, just make life look so good." @CAPS11 People laughing is one thing, but @CAPS11 my own laugh But quite different. I was thinking about @CAPS1's past life and getting very depressed as I sat on the floor of @CAPS1 room @TIME1, but to get myself out of the negative thoughts, I started thinking about the good times I had, in five minutes I just laughed so hard @CAPS1 my stomach hurts. Like I said "like all great things" laughter is @CAPS1 the best. Laughter can really be eye-opening. I will continue to laugh and live and pass it on when the time comes.
Physical contact, verbal conversation, or any form of outward expression is very important in any relationship. More specifically, laughter is also key to any kind of iteration with someone. Laughing says "it's funny what you said" or, I'm enjoying this". Laughing says a lot without saying a word. Think of someone you know very well. Maybe your best friend, maybe a family member If you think about it, you can tell when they are angry, sad, angry, frustrated just by looking at their facial expressions or looking into their eyes. When you see them laughing, you see happiness. This Obviously because their eyes sparkle and their faces glow, you just know they're happy. Now think about when you hang out with your friends. It's always fun to be with friends and we love it. That's why We're going to do things with them, right? We laugh a lot when we're with them. We tell funny stories, we share inside jokes, and funny memories that make us laugh, we love that, we love being with them How it feels to be together, and most importantly, we love the moments that make us laugh. Maybe it's a long bus ride, an overnight stay, or maybe it's at a party or church . Have you ever noticed that when one person laughs, the other person laughs Laugh along too? Laughter is contagious and overwhelming most of the time. Whether it's a joke being told, or someone making a fool of themselves, it's always a favorite at any party or party, or whatever @MONTH1 is. Someone Say, every time you laugh, you add a few seconds to your life. I'm not sure I believe this, but I do believe that laughter is healthy. I know that when I laugh, I feel better. Whenever I laugh I feel great coming back from hanging out with three of my closest friends. It's like anything else that week or day brought me to be forgotten, especially if we laugh a lot, it makes me feel good When a friend or other person we know is in trouble, what is the first thing most of us turn to? It makes them laugh right? Because laughter is a big part of being happy. When someone laughs, they find it hard to resist Be cheered up. Therefore, I believe that laughter is the best medicine. It's hard not to feel better when you laugh. Again, I believe laughter is important in any relationship because laughter shows that you either enjoy their company, Like smiling at all the right moments, or making the right look when they're telling a story, and showing them you're part of the conversation. If someone's telling a funny story or joke, laughing shows you're taking from what they're saying Get a sense of humour from your content. If you enjoy being with that person, laugh more. Show them that you enjoy hanging out with them. People love to make people laugh. Whether you're laughing at a joke, a funny story , or a face they made, or all of the above, laughter is just as important in any situation. Like the saying goes, everyone laughs in the same language. The laughter all over the world is saying the same thing Laughter is almost always a good sign that things are going well.
Laughter Laughter's @CAPS1 can be used in many different ways, you can laugh because something is funny, rude, or just because you like what people are doing, @CAPS3 will bring you a smile. Sometimes we shouldn't laugh at people because @CAPS3 hurts them more than we think, @CAPS3 even affects their lives @CAPS2 They grow up. When I was younger, I encountered a situation that affected me @CAPS2 I grew up. I've loved singing for as long as I can remember, but there was a time when I couldn't sing in front of a crowd or even my family. I am about four years old. @CAPS3 is a dark @DATE1 @TIME1 and my family decided we were going to a place called @ORGANIZATION1 to play. This @ORGANIZATION1 is a place where family and friends can gather and spend quality time, with bands playing, sitting at bright colorful round tables, drinking, and @CAPS3 having a playroom for the kids to play. My cousin and their band will be playing @TIME1. My family and I were all dressed and I wore a beautiful white dress that my mother picked for me. I am like a star in my own eyes, and I am very satisfied. When we arrived, my family and I sat at a bright, lime-green, glow-in-the-dark round table to watch the show. I danced with my parents for a long time and then I would play games with my brothers and friends. If anyone wants to sing @CAPS1 to the crowd, my cousin as the band's lead singer is shouting into the mic. I ran to my parents and told them this was my chance to shine and I wanted to do @CAPS3. They smiled at me and said "yes darling, of course you can @CAPS3!" @CAPS2 I ran to where my cousin was standing and I pushed a bunch of kids away so I could be in front. I raised my head and smiled, raised my hand to my cousin, and yelled to let her choose me. My cousin smiled back and picked me up and put it on the speaker! I'm so happy I can't even breathe. @CAPS3 is my biggest dream, I'm standing here with a mic in my hand. @CAPS2 I stood on the big speaker, looked at the crowd, took a deep breath, and started singing. I'm singing my favorite @CAPS1 in memory. The crowd laughed and clapped, but @CAPS2 soon @CAPS2 I sang the chorus of @CAPS1 and everyone started laughing. I don't know why they laughed. @CAPS3 Is it because I accidentally forgot to take the gum out of my mouth? Because I do happen to forget. Or @CAPS3 because I sound really bad? I was terrified, the gum in my mouth started to harden and my voice became weak. I started to panic and my eyes started to get wet. I noticed tears running down my face. I can't even show my face in front of all these people if they're going to laugh at me. So I jumped off the loudspeaker, ran to my mom, and cried in her lap. I cried for a long time and my family tried to tell me everything was fine and I was doing fine but @CAPS3 was not enough to convince me @CAPS3. I've hated singing in front of people for years. @CAPS3 scares me just thinking maybe someone will laugh because I'm bad or not normal. After that, I always started telling myself I had a terrible voice and I knew @CAPS3 was the reason the crowd at @ORGANIZATION1 laughed at me. Every time my parents asked me to sing @CAPS1, I would tell them "no thanks, I don't like singing anymore." @CAPS3 Not true at all, I sprinkled @CAPS3 on my parents, but my heart and heart The soul still has that horrible feeling. Now that I'm older, I understand why I'm so scared, the reason people laugh is not at all what I think @CAPS3. My parents told me @CAPS3 because people thought I was cute and I couldn't pronounce it correctly since I was a kid. I giggled at @CAPS3, now I just keep telling myself I can sing because nothing else is going to let me down, trying to be positive about @CAPS3. @CAPS3 It's still hard for me to sing solo, but after a while I'll have the strength and courage to sing to someone.
I'm going to tell you a story about my childhood and how I used to travel long distances with my dad as a long haul truck driver. My dad and I went to a lot of places around @LOCATION2 and all of them were so much fun and amazing. We all had a good laugh. My favorite though is when we go to @LOCATION1, the place is amazing, there is so much to do and so much to see. You can see stuff like @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I think it's cool, and all the monuments. My dad asked me to see if I could get through security at @ORGANIZATION1, I said no, I'm fine, you can, I laughed at him; @CAPS1 I absolutely love where we go must be @LOCATION3, even though it's hot and Sultry, but it's still fun. I remember my dad telling us we had a lot of extra time and he was going to take us to the zoo, which was so cool and we saw all the amazing animals like lions, crocodiles, monkeys, gorillas, and penguins. This was one of the best trips my dad took me on and I absolutely loved it. One of the funniest memories I remember was when we were driving through the desert and there was a piece of paper in the air and I didn't know what that was, so I thought, "What's that daddy"? He said "that's a shooting star" and I was like "in the daytime"? It took me about a few years to figure out what it was, but now that I know what it is, I just look back on that day and laugh.
My memory is full of laughter and fun. Then it also turned into a serious, no-joking craziness. It all started @DATE1 @TIME1 when my brother @ORGANIZATION1 called me and told me to come over I haven't been at my mom's in a while. The ones I answered yes to will be over in an hour. I jumped into my truck and headed to my mother's house. On the way I stopped to refuel at the gas station. Fifteen minutes later, I arrived at my mother's house. When I arrived, my brother was waiting for me outside. @ORGANIZATION1 Walked over to the truck to get my bag and the door. As soon as I entered the house I walked to the kitchen and saw my @CAPS1, gave her a hug and asked how she was doing? She replied, I'm fine, and asked myself what's new? I didn't say anything @CAPS1, hanging around to avoid trouble. I asked her is there anything she needs me to do? Still need to do? My om has a list of things that need to be done around the house. After she told me something, I went to my room to change into my overalls and walked aside. I caught my brother on the way because he would help me. While we were in the garage, @ORGANIZATION1 brought up the fact that I hadn't been there in a while, and he said a party tonight. I answer well. When I was finishing work on the garage, my dad came down and said the fence needed fixing, so we moved the tractor over to fix the fence. The night is @NUM1 and people have turned up. When we got to the house, my @CAPS1 came out and said, what are you guys doing here? Come to the party, my mom's house was packed with @NUM2 people that night. Drink and just have fun. As I walked into the living room, I noticed that the girls were making food for the boys and the boys were playing drinking games. There are several games going on, such as beer pong, shooting and beer sticks. There is always someone who wants to break the drinking record at home and become the best drinker. The record for a night of drinking in the house is @NUM3 drinks and @NUM4 beers. To this day, the record remains, and the one who keeps it is me. I looked at the camera and a friend of mine @CAPS1 said I wanted to challenge you. I said yes. On NUM5 shots, it didn't go well and the guy who was against me passed out on the table. After a few hours, everyone was sleeping except me, my brother and one of our friends. We were outside chewing while @ORGANIZATION1 peed on his dad's car. All of a sudden, I look over and @ORGANIZATION1 is throwing up all over the floor. I laughed so hard because of the look on his face when he threw up when he smiled, I felt so bad. My friend @PERSON1 and I took @ORGANIZATION1 down the stairs to his bed, put him to sleep, then went back up the stairs to lie down. Before we open the door, it's @ORGANIZATION1 who wants to say he loves us, good night. We also replied thank you bro. Less than 30 seconds later we heard oh crap and a loud bang falling down the stairs, it was @ORGANIZATION1. Next time @TIME1 I wake up and not feeling well, I tell my @CAPS1. She said okay, I'll make you something to eat. So she did, and I didn't feel well, so I just went home and went to sleep. I opened the door and saw my @CAPS1 at my house and said, @TIME1 @CAPS1. She replied that you drank? I said yes, I didn't feel well. She said okay, if things don't get better, I'll take you to the doctor. It's been a month and I can't get enough to eat or drink so I went to the doctor and they told me my liver is bad and I have a @NUM6 year old liver and I just remember crying and saying CAPS1 to my @ Never again. I realized it was okay to drink and have fun until someone got hurt. The doctor told me I might die if I drink any more and I believe I made the best choice of my life there. To this day, I haven't had any alcohol for a year and seven days. Laughing and having a good time is great, but something always goes wrong, @CAPS2 Underage drinking is now loud at my mom's house.
@NUM1) I heard a true story about an ordinary @CAPS1 businessman. He doesn't have that high level in his company. @CAPS2 He always greets everyone in the company with a big laugh. One day, the boss of the company came to his company and asked everyone who worked the hardest? Recommend someone for a promotion" and then everyone recommended the businessman. Because he always greeted everyone with a smile. And he's the highest level in the company other than the boss. I'd say laughter makes people happier .When I'm with my friends, laughing makes us friendlier. Laughing is also good for health. If you laugh a lot, your life will be longer than before. Of course it's good for the mind too. Isn't that businessman good Worker. He just makes everyone happier with his laugh. That's why he can be at the top of the company. I think laughing is good for everything. And I laugh a lot too. I want people to be more hapiness.
Laughing @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Someone who laughs a lot or not? If @CAPS4 @CAPS3 is the kind of guy who can laugh at anything, then I'm sure we'll get along just fine. Laughter plays an important role in my life. @CAPS1 got involved in three different ways, because I joke about a lot of things a lot, I do funny things like make faces, and I end up laughing at me being an idiot. I promise I can and will make @CAPS4 laugh when @CAPS4 sees me or talks to me for a short or long time. Laughter can be an amazing thing, in any kind of awkward situation, an awkward moment, or any kind of situation when @CAPS4 doesn't know what @CAPS4 is supposed to do; just remember @CAPS4 at those times can laugh. Since I was a little girl, no matter where I am or what I do, I always seem to be a huge jerk. My mom always said, "@CAPS4 @CAPS3 is worse than a bull in @LOCATION1's store." @CAPS5 is very true. If @CAPS1 it's as simple as I throw something, maybe even break the glass, or fall; that's always true. When I do something like this, all @CAPS5 can do is laugh because @CAPS5 knows that @CAPS5 has a clumsy daughter. For example, when I was in elementary school, we held an awards ceremony every month to recognize students who performed well that month and adhered to certain characteristics. This is the day I want; my name is called. I look forward to @CAPS1 being my turn when the teachers take the stage to shout their names. Then next my name was called. I stood up and was very excited and nervous to walk up to the crowd to receive my award. When I went upstairs, I got my prize and went down the stairs again. It's not a good idea when I'm so excited. When I go down, I literally go down the stairs. My feet missed the stairs and I flew down from behind. Now tell me what @CAPS4 would do in this situation? In front of more than two hundred children and about thirty parents? Well, I just have to laugh @CAPS1 @CAPS2, get up and get back to my seat. Another thing about laughter @CAPS1 that really made me who I am today. If @CAPS1 wasn't for my lack of flexibility when I was young, I don't know where or what I would be. Laughter brings me closer to my family and friends. They know when I look down; if they want me to look less gloomy, they're going to have to make me laugh. I joked and talked a lot with my closest friends. Sometimes @CAPS1 can be funny, so we have to catch those. From my experience of being clumsy in any situation, I've learned that rather than being embarrassed and not wanting to bring up what happened again, it's much better to make @CAPS1 funny and @CAPS4 to laugh. Laughing and playing since childhood, @CAPS1 has really made me a better person; because people know me for a lot of different things, but one of them is that I'm a happy and funny girl who laughs a lot. It's something I'm proud of and I know I can make my peers and other adults laugh and have a good time. So laughter is not just an element or part of my life, @CAPS1 plays an important role.
This is my first year at @CAPS1. In high school, I felt very confident. I have great teachers and all the classes I want. My first day was awesome! I woke up on time, had a good breakfast and didn't even miss the school bus. My first few classes were great and I was about to go for lunch. As soon as the bell rang, I hurried to the cafeteria to find a good spot to line up. A good friend of mine called my name, so I turned around and waved, and when I turned around, I bumped right into @LOCATION1. We played hard. I flew backwards and lost everything I was carrying. I tried to say I was sorry, but all she did was give me a look and walk away. When I picked up my book, I realized I didn't want anything to do with that girl and decided to forget what just happened. I had @CAPS2 after lunch. I'm super excited about this class because my dream boy @PERSON1 is in it. On the way there, I made a quick pit stop to the ladies room to make sure I still looked decent, and then went to class. When I walked into the room, the first thing I saw was @PERSON1's beautiful blonde hair and dazzling blue eyes. Then I registered the whole scene. Guess who's spinning her hair and her lashes on my dream man! You get the idea, @LOCATION1. From that moment on, it's war! Over time @LOCATION1 I keep trying to outdo each other. We'll race each other to class to see who can sit behind @PERSON1. She always has to have the best hair. I'll get a cute new haircut and she'll get highlights. I got a call. So she went out and bought the latest and greatest phone with a built-in music player. I remember going to class early one day and was excited to show @PERSON1 this new game I learned. Of course, when I walked into the room, @LOCATION1 had already shown him the exact same game. For @LOCATION1, I've always had one thing, books. Both @PERSON1 and I love books. We would sit and discuss the latest and greatest books for hours. This always makes @LOCATION1 jealous. Our childish behavior went on like this for three or four months. At lunch one day, I just sit, eat my food, and do my own thing. All of a sudden, @LOCATION1 spits soda in my face out of nowhere. done. This is the last straw. I grabbed my milk carton and poured it over her head. The cafeteria was quiet for about a minute. @LOCATION1 and I stood there staring at each other, anger burning in our eyes, until someone broke the silence by laughing out loud. Soon everyone was laughing, including @LOCATION1 and me. We realized how stupid our actions were, and for the first time we laughed together instead of laughing at each other. We all apologized and helped each other clean up. In the end we became really good friends. To this day, we still laugh at or compete at the @NUM1 level.
@LOCATION2 and all the great memories I spent and shared when we became good friends. We are about @NUM1, in grades @NUM2 to @NUM3. Of course, we've gotten older as the years have passed, but we've had a lot of quality time together. We always laugh at almost everything when we hang out, and most of the time we never let a lot of stupid things happen to us. Whenever I needed someone to talk to her, she would be that person. Her life is pretty much the same as mine, so she knows what I or even she needs to do or say. Even though we're always having a lot of fun, we'll have our moments and fights, but it's always going to work out. We will always support each other for everything. I guess what I'm trying to say is that two close people always have their big needs and feelings, especially their laughter in a relationship. Here are some of the times @LOCATION2 and I shared and spent together that almost caused a laugh. I remember in @NUM2 grade we both always hung out as much as possible. We're young so it's hard to do anything because our parents don't let us do it most of the time. Whenever we do, we think about random play and go to different places to have fun. It's a good thing though that we get more trust and can do more as we get older. Then I moved to @LOCATION1, it's not the best thing, but it's for love. Even better, she still came over from time to time. We'll pick her up on @DATE1 and then on @DATE2 my mom will drive to school because my mom still goes to Florence for work. Every night she was there, we stayed up. I remember I always had these little hot chocolate packets in my room and after my parents went to bed we would sneak out to get hot water so we could have hot chocolate. Sometimes we make coffee so we can stay up late. It was hard at times because my room was right across from my parents' room and I had beads on my door at the time. Fun time trying to keep quiet and not get caught. Sometimes when she comes over, she brings all her makeup and stuff so we can dress each other up. One night, we blindfolded and put makeup on each other.
Laughter is something everyone experiences. It takes the situation from bad to interesting. It's like magic. I mean you don't need a wand or anything, just a twisted sense of humor. All you need is a little common sense and a little illogical thinking. I know these are two completely different things, but isn't that what makes us @CAPS4? Isn't laughter just a reaction to hearing something illogical that is different from your common sense? No, that's not right. Laughter is also a very useful tool. You can do a lot with laughter. You can get out of trouble, get into trouble, start a friendship, end a friendship, get a job, lose a job, win a game, and lose a game. Note that this is not all. But I'm not talking about all of those things here, just one of them. Make friends with laughter. Sit back and listen, maybe you'll learn something. Before we start this story, let me start by saying that I'm not the best person on the planet, I know that, but I'm good at creating people @CAPS4. It wasn't even intentional half the time. Most of my jokes and humor are depressing. Honestly, I think I get a response from people because they don't know what to do. That's why @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or whoever invented sadism and masochism. Anyway, let's get back on track. There was a time when teenagers, insensitive to the harsh realities of modern life, had a child. That kid's name is @PERSON1. Now I really haven't known @PERSON1 for a long time, and honestly I really don't want to know, but he tagged and awarded with me at the time and @PERSON3. He's always wearing these great Iron Maiden t-shirts and listening to my type of music, so I guess you could say it was meant to be, but it's neither here nor there. One day we started talking. We're all thinking about this vat left on our school track. It's empty and plastic, and when you're @NUM1 everything looks funny with big red plastic. We decided to take the barrel and stand on it. Yes, that's what we want to do. We never really thought we could take it or build something out of it. No, the only correct conclusion we can draw is to stick with it. We did it. It's interesting. We came to school the next day and @PERSON1 was handing out invitations to his birthday party. I was excited so I went. It turns out that our lives are very similar. I think the first thing I noticed when I went to his house was the kitchen. It's like they took my kitchen, painted it a different color, and put it there. Honestly, I think I'm the only kid who lives like me. I used to be pissed because my mom would never buy matching plates or silverware because we never had real money and this kid had the most random plates in his house etc. Collectible versions of different pint glasses, mismatched silverware, logical plate placement. I know it sounds stupid, but it used to make me happy. When the others arrived, we started talking, or at least I did. We also talked about random stuff like @CAPS3 videos and good movies we've seen lately. @PERSON1 and I always end up talking about other things like travel, the future and dogs, but that's only because we agree that the new movie is kind of bad, too many explosions and not enough character development. Eventually, we built a fire and moved our conversation outside. See, when you look at fire, things always seem to be better. You want that feeling again when the fire goes out. Well, I was about to fix it, but everyone got in except me and @PERSON2 (the other guy at the party), so we decided to play around with it. We went into @PERSON1 garage and found his @NUM2 and brake fluid. We sprayed it on fire and I think my face got a little sunburned after that. The flames were so close to my face that I could feel my lashes burning at the tips. Then we grabbed some more wood and threw it on the fire. Everyone went back outside to play it. I know my influence is bad, but when life gives you the opportunity to do something interesting, you can't let it go. We talked girls and jokes all night. I just wish we had a @CAPS4-@CAPS5-@CAPS6. That night, I made some forever friends.
Laughter is one of life's greatest gifts. It can help you get through the day, the year, and your life in the long run. For me, a lot can happen in one day. For example, I might forget an assignment that ended up accounting for a large portion of my grade, or just had a rough day. I need to make those bad things look like old memories and just laugh happily for a long time. This laughter is ten times better if shared with other people. That's why when I move to @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 I try to keep an eye out for kids like me who love to laugh and make people laugh. The first days were tough. I met a lot of new people and they were all the same. Some people just want to know my name and others just want to get to know me better and that's fine. I noticed that there is one person in multiple of my classes. So one day when our @CAPS2 teacher asked us to collaborate and write a myth about creation or how something came to be. Soon I was looking around and choosing someone before everyone had a partner, and I would sit there awkwardly without a partner. I asked a boy in a few other classes of mine. I didn't really notice or even hear him speak. He agreed to be my partner. We introduced ourselves and he told me his name was @PERSON1. His voice was very calm. I barely understood his name, so I had to read it from his paper. We had to work together, but it felt more like we were doing it alone. I started throwing some ideas. @PERSON1 would then say something and laugh, but I can never hear what he would say. We worked on paper for a few days and continued to exchange only a few words. Meanwhile, I'm still trying to make at least one good friend. I thought maybe throw that friend away, I can get to know some of his friends, and then I'll have my own. Meanwhile, I'm having lunch with my sister @PERSON2. You would think it would be a little awkward or uncomfortable. It's not that, but it's actually very good because our connection has become stronger. It worked for both of us until we made some friends. After a while, she made a few friends and was ready to move on. So one day, while we were both having lunch together, a new friend of hers passed by and asked her to sit with her. I very much hope she will say no, or even say, maybe tomorrow, but no. There I was sitting alone in a lunch room with eyes full of eyes judging who you were sitting with, if anyone. I started eating lunch faster than you said sternocleidomastoid and then I left there. Panicked on the inside but completely calm on the outside, I paced the hallways looking for someone to hang out with. Then I saw "that @CAPS3" from three of my classes. I casually walked up to him and tried to start a conversation. For some reason, I felt relaxed, not as if I was trying to make new friends, but as if I was already talking to a friend. In the beginning, we were just two people, talking about the class and how this school was different from what I used to be. And then all of a sudden, we started talking about movies, especially the nasty, funnier ones. We couldn't stop laughing in all the classes, especially the auto mechanic. We would use up all our shopping hours just trying to remember all the funny lines from the movie and try to say or act as best we can. Soon we also found out that we were watching a lot of the same TV shows. We can make each other laugh with almost anything either of us says. I noticed that this particular quality of @PERSON1 made him very interesting. I'm not sure what that is, but anything he says makes me laugh uncontrollably. We were laughing friends, but soon we became good friends. We really made a connection between the laughter. During that time, we will discover new things about each other. It made us realize that we are similar. Months passed and we just became better friends. I used to make friends by making them laugh or laughing at the jokes out there. I know it's different. I made the best friend I've ever had. Now that I'm moving, that's the worst part. I know that by sharing the greatest laugh of my life, we will continue to be friends for a long time.
I've lived in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 almost my whole life, all the way up to @CAPS5 prep all the way up to @NUM1 level. @CAPS7 was about halfway into my @DATE1 when my mom told me the "@CAPS3" news. Honey, we are moving, I am stunned, I don't know what to think, no, we can't move. Why she said, well, maybe because I'm going into @CAPS4 @CAPS5. I don't want to go to a place where I don't know who anyone is. Don't worry, my mom said you'll make some friends. I asked where are we going? Lebanon, she answered me in a soft @CAPS1 voice. @CAPS6 I guess it's not far from here. You go there and she said @CAPS7 it won't be that bad once we get there and get everything settled and unpacked. Yeah @CAPS13 I still don't know anyone there, @CAPS6 your cousin @PERSON2 goes there, he's a junior so he might drive you to @CAPS5 every day if you want and put You introduce to some people. OK, I said I'm excited @CAPS13 I don't want to leave @CAPS8. We started packing and @CAPS7 took us about a week to move everything from the old house into the new one. After the house was all tidied up, we started cleaning our stuff. We cleaned up from head to toe, which took us about two days to complete. So in total @CAPS7 took us about a week and two days to pack, move out and clean everything. We said our @CAPS11 goodbye to our friends and family and where we are on the road. I said to my brothers, it's not like we'll never see them again. We finally got the car into the house and @CAPS8 would love to see what @CAPS7 looks like. My mom opened the door to check out @CAPS7 and she said, wow this place is amazing, we love what the boys say about @CAPS7. I told you you're going to love @CAPS7. We stared and picked our room. There are only four bedrooms, so the two little boys had to share. When we're done with all of this, we stare at our stuff. I was exhausted from doing all the things, so after I packed my room, I went to bed and took a nap. When I woke up I realized I wasn't opening everything like I was, so I was done. @CAPS5 starts in about a week and I'm excited to @CAPS13 nervous @TIME1 while seeing what @CAPS7 will be like. Finally the day has come, dear @CAPS5 Mom's wake up time already said @CAPS13...oh forget @CAPS7 I said I groin to @CAPS5 anyway. I get up to brush my teeth, brush my hair, do my makeup, and get dressed. "@CAPS9" "@CAPS9" @PERSON2 Time to go. I hurriedly stared at my backpack and got in the car. @CAPS11 morning he said @CAPS11 morning you are excited for @CAPS5 and he was a little nervous when he asked yes. Come on, I'll introduce you to my girlfriend, she's a freshman, and my @CAPS11 sounds fresh. We're in @CAPS5 wow, lots of kids, I said yes, @NUM2 freshman this year. We got out of the car and walked in. Let's take you to class, I said. This is your first issue of @ PERSON1 she teaches @CAPS12 art. He showed me the remaining six and sent me to class. I walked into @CAPS8 staring at @TIME1 me, my stomach turned into a note that wanted to fall out of my stomach. Welcome @LOCATION1 to sit down, the teacher said I'll be with you soon. She told me where to sit and introduced me to the class. Class is finally over, @CAPS13 I have six more classes to go. The day felt like a goodbye forever and I walked up to the other classes wondering if they weren't so scary @CAPS13 No, I was wrong. Most teachers ask me to introduce myself @CAPS7 in class It's horrible! I can't wait to get in the car and get @CAPS2. I walked out the door, how was your day, have you made friends, mom calmed down, I said sorry to her, I just wanted to know. My day is @CAPS11, can I go to the shower now? Yes, just don't take long. I went out and lay in bed awww it was time for bed, though @CAPS13 no, my bros had to come and tell me about that day. @CAPS7 around @TIME1 Well, it's time for me to go to bed. "@CAPS14" "@CAPS15" Time to wake up @LOCATION1 oh no no more!
When we were all on my father's side, we all sat down, laughed, and talked loudly. I always say we are a big fake @CAPS1 family. All the aunts, uncles and cousins chatted around my grandma's small dining table. With so many conversations going on and people laughing out loud, it feels like a home away from home for me. When I was @LOCATION1 @DATE2 some of us got together to throw a belated birthday party for me. It's @DATE1, my grandma, uncle, aunt, dad, my two cousins and me; sitting around the kitchen table eating cake and chatting. We're talking about a problem I'm having. Some how my dad pretended we were in court. My aunt told @PERSON2 to get a wig for the judge, who is my uncle. @PERSON2 brought back this blonde wig and she wore it on my dad's head and he looked so funny. @PERSON3 Auntie is fixing the front of his wig. I picked up his phone and started taking a bunch of pictures of him in the wig. I sent one to my mom and said, "@CAPS2 Mom and Dad are beautiful." We all laughed so hard. Then my grandma wanted to wear a wig. Grandma kept saying it was itchy and itchy. After taking off her wig, she stared and told us a story when my grandpa poked the left side of her hip with a compass. She first set the story for us, telling us who the teacher was. It's an interesting @DATE2 name that I don't remember. @CAPS3 Uncle is making an impression of what he thinks a teacher would be like. His impression is like the old bank boss on @PERSON1. We all stared and laughed really hard. When my grandma finally got to the main part of the story, he was mad at her because she wrote his name down to talk in class and he liked her too. So he took a compass and poked her in the buttocks. For some reason, my dad and uncle thought it was so funny that they made her repeat it over and over. She couldn't help laughing. We all stared at her and laughed hard because she doesn't speak hips. Grandma laughed so hard she would collapse on her chair and I thought she would die laughing. The laughter got so bad we started crying because we laughed so hard. As you can see, my dad's side really likes to laugh and be funny. We are a great big vacation @CAPS1 family. I believe laughter is a very important part of any relationship you have with anyone you meet. One of my favorite things to do is laugh, and I'll probably laugh at anything someone says. It's really, really hard to laugh when my dad and his brother get together and get ready to laugh.
Do you remember the first day of @NUM1 grade? Everyone stood there awkwardly and excitedly waiting for their seating arrangement. You had middle school unease, everything happened so fast, I remember it all. I attended @CAPS1 in middle school and my teacher was @PERSON3. She's the kind of teacher who is strict about where you sit in class. If you don't like someone, she might sit next to you thinking the two of you will magically be friends. I'm standing in the corner with my best friend @CAPS2 and of course we wish we could sit together. After we were finally seated, we didn't sit together. I'm sitting next to @PERSON4 - a girl I don't even know - @PERSON5, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. I'm friends with everyone except @PERSON4, I've never met in my life. As the class went on, @PERSON6 talked about middle school and how important it is to get good grades and be ready for high school, and we all sat there, about what it looked like a daydream. No one was really talking to anyone and the embarrassing first day continued. @PERSON4 looks like a girl who will rip your head off if you say anything to her, so I shut up. @PERSON6 went on with her "Day 1 Lecture" and all of a sudden she made a joke in her speech to get our attention. We all started laughing. I have to say this is a very good icebreaker. After a burst of laughter, everyone seemed to be relieved. @PERSON4 and I started talking about how funny this joke was because it was so stupid. We've been talking since then and she seems like a cool guy. @PERSON4 and I became partners on every project we did, we stayed together, @NUM2 days later she became my best friend; all because of the laughter. I have to say the reason @PERSON4 and I became friends is because of the laughter. I probably wouldn't have spoken to her in the first place. Although I'm glad I did because now I have an awesome best friend! Middle school can be scary, especially on the first day of school. That's why I think laughter is such an important part of a person's relationship, you can't live without it!
Once I was sick and I told my mom "I need some iced tea" so I got up and went to the fridge. All of a sudden my throat got sore and I felt the need to cough, so instead of coughing at the same time, I went straight into the ice bucket and coughed. It happened that my mom was standing next to me and she said "@CAPS1 God! Son what is that?" So we started laughing. The irony is that the bacteria are preserved in the ice box, the funny thing is that I kept the bacteria alive and my mom used that ice.
It was a chilly @DATE1 @TIME1 when I decided to go to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 with my friends @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @PERSON1, @CAPS5 & @CAPS6. We rode to @LOCATION1 and came back so we rode with @CAPS4's dad and on the way we listened to some A @CAPS8 @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 @CAPS11 (I recommend to any @CAPS12 fans) once we got there I told a joke and we all laughed so hard they all pooped themselves and died. @CAPS13
I always wish I could go back in time and relive @CAPS7's childhood. Knowing that was when I was happiest, I was just living a life without purpose and without a plan. Looking down on @CAPS7's little cousin or brother, I see joy, laughter and stupidity. I see innocent soft faces who don't know or understand what's going on around them. As I watch them slowly break away from their unusual habits, I find myself back at @CAPS4 this year @DATE1. At noon on @DATE4, a little girl who hasn't gone to school runs in her grandmother's yard. She wiggles her pigtail back and forth while hiding her hands in her @NUM1 size pants, one eye closed and the other slightly open, watching her sister run around looking for where @CAPS4 is hiding. "@CAPS1, nine, eight, seven..." "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6!" @CAPS7 sister, @PERSON1, shouts @CAPS4 from behind a giant oak tree. I giggled @CAPS4 myself, then started @CAPS8. "@CAPS8, four...three...two..." I slowed down considerably, "One!" Like a rocket, I used @CAPS7's arms to spread out on either side, making engine noises, and pretending I was a Pilot "@CAPS9 LOCKED! SOS, SOS! Crash!". I deal with @CAPS7 sister @CAPS4 ground. I remember the look on Mom's face as we lay on the grass and laughed. I closed my eyes to @CAPS7 and reopened @CAPS4 to find myself on @DATE2. This is a few days after the @NUM2 tragedy. Everyone met at grandma's house as usual, the kids in one room and the adults in the other. I was playing in our little ball pit with my two youngest cousins @PERSON2 and @ORGANIZATION1 when we noticed a small hole in the wall. "@CAPS6, look." @PERSON2 asked. I took a deep breath and did as he asked. "@CAPS11!" I shouted the little hole to show us what was happening in the room next to us at @CAPS4, all the parents and the elderly with serious looks and serious voices. I show the little guys and they don't think it's as interesting as I do, but they won't give me another chance @CAPS4. I pushed @CAPS7. All three of us were looking at something so small. We were giggling and talking all the time. We did this for about @CAPS1 minutes, not knowing our uncle watched us for at least @CAPS8 minutes. He motioned other adults @CAPS4 to see what we were doing. One by one, noticed less and less people in the next room. Soon, none of them could see. "@CAPS12 Are they all gone?" we panicked. Light, laughing behind us. @PERSON2 looks at @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION1 looks at me, I look down at @CAPS4 @PERSON2 as we turn around to see everyone smiling, laughing and taking pictures. We stood still, blushing, and soon began blaming who gave us the crazy idea of spies. After that, it was like any day with the family; everyone in the living room, food in the kitchen, grandma's warm hugs and kisses, people pinching @CAPS2's cheeks, big smiles and long laughs. I see friends shaking hands, kids yelling, people telling them it's relatives "I love you". I look down at @CAPS 7 feet and in the blink of an eye I'm back at @CAPS4 @DATE3. I lifted @CAPS7's head over @CAPS7's shoulder and saw me babysitting the kids in my grandma's living room. I'm sixteen years old and I don't believe there will be a day when I don't laugh. Of course I can't laugh when it comes to @CAPS4, but other than that, laughter is part of humor/youth. When someone tells a joke and you think it's funny, don't just stand there saying it's funny instead of laughing. Everyone knows that every once in a while, they make @CAPS4 step back and laugh. I always wish I could go back in time and relive @CAPS7's childhood. Knowing that was when I was happiest, I was just living a life without purpose and without a plan. I don't want @CAPS4 to impress anyone. @CAPS7 I had a pretty good childhood and when I think about it I just sit back and look at everything I do and laugh.
Laughter can help in many ways and in many things. For example, if you're having a bad day, a friend can try to make you feel better by making you laugh. Or maybe like you lost a loved one. Yes, it's a very tragic thing, especially if you're really close to that family member. People will still try to make you laugh and tell you that there are better places out there and no more pain. I've had moments like this when I feel better sometimes after the person or people made me laugh. I also know that there are people who care about me and want me to be happy and full of laughter. The last time I needed someone to help me laugh was yesterday. It was last night and I had math homework that I needed to do too. It made me so frustrated that I started crying. I told my boyfriend about it and he just started telling these silly jokes. They are kind of helpful. Most helpful though, he said he could come over @DATE1. I started smiling and laughing because I was glad he could. Another time that made me laugh was about @NUM1 years ago when I was at @CAPS1 with my mom, dad, brother and sister. My brother decided he wanted to take me to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 too. I don't remember if that was the train. Anyway, he took me about @NUM2 or @NUM3 times. I was scared and wet and didn't speak to him all day. He finally apologized to me and took me to the face painter lady at one of the stores too. I chose what I wanted on the face, but I don't really remember what it was, I thought it was some kind of fish. But, after she finished, I looked in her mirror and I laughed. I laughed for about ten minutes and said I accepted his apology. When we got home a few days later, I took the hose and sprayed him, and he came back as well. Also a little sister's brat, like I think all little sisters should be every once in a while. Thank goodness it was during @DATE2 because I did it a few more times with him and it was too much like mom and dad. Lastly, I remember once in @NUM4 grade my best friend @CAPS4 was moving. I cried for days. In the end he called me and we chatted for @NUM5 hours and he also made me laugh, hope he wasn't moved. At least I still talk to him too much. But probably only once or twice. Anyway, it made me happy to talk to him during those times as well. We talked about his dog. One of his dogs was named @CAPS5 and she was about @NUM6 months at the time. She started chasing her tail and when she spun about @NUM6 times she tripped on her foot and fell on her hip. So, end this memory journey. Those past three blasts were the ones that made me laugh and also helped me feel better when I was feeling down or down.
I believe that laughter in life is a good thing. Once @CAPS3 I was @NUM1 and I had one and @CAPS1. We always like to hang out together and do things together like go for a walk, go to the beach, or go to the park. Interestingly, we also like to eat together, maybe not in his dog's bowl but on a plate or a picnic table. He is a lovely dog. He has four puppies named @CAPS5-@CAPS6, Popcorn, Big Tail and Shan. I give them all the weird animal names because they either smell like or what they look or like to do. Why we named my dog @CAPS1 because he always smells like @CAPS1. I always take him for walks to make him a healthy dog. This pisses me off @CAPS3 He has a puppy and a mate. I don't know why it could just be because I really love my dog and I want him to belong only to me. my favorite friend. I thought to myself, hey! That's my dog, you leave him alone and don't touch him. Well @CAPS3 he has puppies and I finally realized in my mind that @CAPS1 also just wants to live his own life, a family, and be a big boy. He doesn't hate me, he loves me, and I allow him a family, which makes him happy. The funny thing about these puppies is that they smell like weird foods like @CAPS1, @CAPS5 ribs or popcorn. My favorite puppy is @CAPS5 @CAPS6 because that's what he smells like, not @CAPS1, but @CAPS5. POPCORN is a good dog too, as are other dogs, but @CAPS5 @CAPS6 is a biting. It's funny because those puppies love to bite. Once you leave my puppy they eat everything. Once @CAPS3 we went on a trip to another state and he had to leave the puppy alone with the babysitter, @CAPS3 we came back and they ate a lot of clothes and ruined everything. I have @CAPS11 too, but they are not good animals or pets, they also eat up everything and they stink. Don't like @CAPS1 or popcorn, but other disgusting stuff. Puppies love to chew on your toes and hair. Their teeth are tiny, but oh, they hurt. Those dogs stink, I don't know why but there's a stink there. One of my favorite stories about @CAPS1 is that he never liked swimming. This is weird to me because you would think cats hate water more than dogs. Well, @CAPS1 can't swim, so I had to teach him to be a good master myself. Well, @CAPS3 once he paddled with a puppy and he put his head under the water and swam forward. I don't know why, but I always think he can breathe like this? Or it's just a puppy thing. Well, eventually I got him to get over that, I don't think it's good for him to swim underwater. Like his cat who never liked water before, I'm guessing it's just my dog's phobia. But I tried my best to get him to get over it. @CAPS3 I was walking around and having to leave him was the saddest thing in my life. But we are all going right. I think it's great to have laughter in your life because it helps you become more antidepressant without having to focus on the bad things in your life. Every now and then @CAPS3 I'm sad I just think about @CAPS1. I have other animals like @CAPS10, @CAPS11, @CAPS12 and cats. Personally, I love cats more than dogs, but @CAPS1 is always the first. My cat is not that social to me and is lazy. The funniest thing about my cats is that I named one of them @CAPS14. Why I named that cat @CAPS14 is because it's all black but has white feet. It's funny because @CAPS3 used to get pissed and he did a lot of turns and jumps. He is a wild cat. I named one of my cats @CAPS15 because of how fast it is. The funny thing about him is @CAPS3, when you play with him, he rushes out like a bowl of catnip. Being with animals in my life has given me a story of laughter and happiness in my life. I think laughter is also a very important part of relationships. If you don't laugh in your relationship, then I'm sure the couple won't be so happy. Laughter can be good many times, but it can also be an insult. It's rude to even laugh at someone if it means being an insult to someone. Keeping laughter in your life is something you should always keep, as it helps you to be happy in the many situations and problems you face in your life. To be happy, you should have laughter.
Was @CAPS3 ever with @CAPS3 will always remember and laugh every time @CAPS3 thinks of @CAPS2. @CAPS8 I have, and I think everyone deserves a moment of laughter in their lives. @DATE1 That day is the day I will laugh for the rest of my life. On this day, my boyfriend @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1 decided that @CAPS1 wanted to take me out for breakfast. @CAPS1 called me around 4am to say @CAPS1 is starving and @CAPS1 needs some food. So @CAPS1 picked me up around 5am and we went to @ORGANIZATION1. We sat there drinking coffee and eating pancakes. We're done early so @PERSON1 wants to go for a ride, let me remind @CAPS3 @CAPS1 is from @LOCATION1, so @CAPS1 has @CAPS6 leads anything in @LOCATION2. So when we're out of town, I'm instructing him that the best places to drive are. We are in his @DATE2 poniac which is not the best transportation to ride around this town because here @CAPS3 needs a 4WD vehicle otherwise @CAPS3 could get stuck wherever @CAPS3 goes. At first We did well because we stayed on the pavement, but @PERSON1 wanted to explore gravel roads. So we started walking down the gravel road and we all thought it was time for @CAPS2 to go home. When we went the other way, @CAPS1 decided that @CAPS1 would make a U-turn. That's not the best idea. @CAPS1 saw the street sign, but @CAPS1 turned it the wrong way into a field. @CAPS2 no problem, @CAPS8 is like the first @CAPS2. The car didn't move until @CAPS1 reversed. I looked at him and smiled and said, "I told @CAPS3 @CAPS3 need to go right, not left." @CAPS1 then looked at me and said, "@CAPS2 is not stuck, I just need to try a little more, we Just out." One thing @PERSON1 didn't know was that @CAPS2 has been warm in @LOCATION2 the past few days, so all the fields are very wet and soft. I looked at him and told him that @CAPS1 probably didn't want to @CAPS5 but @CAPS1 said it was fine @CAPS1 did it before. So I got out of the car and walked to the curb. @PERSON1 trying to get the car out of the mud for at least ten minutes, not the best thing for @CAPS5 now that the tires are in the mud. I started laughing so hard because @CAPS1 got out of the car and looked at me and said I should have listened. @PERSON1 There's one more thing @CAPS1 wants to try because @CAPS6 is offense but @CAPS1 is a boy and they can @CAPS5 everything on their own. So @CAPS1 told me to get in and put @CAPS2 in reverse, so I did as @CAPS1 said, then @CAPS1 said ok, lightly push the throttle as I pushed, @CAPS8 I did a little, then lightly Push gas. I looked up and @PERSON1 was covered in mud from head to toe. @CAPS2 is the best thing I've ever seen in my life, my boyfriend got what @CAPS1 deserves because @CAPS1 won't listen to me. I looked at him and my eyes immediately started to tear, I tried to hold back the laughter but @CAPS2 didn't work. I laughed and @CAPS1 looked at me and said, "@CAPS3 thought this was funny?" @CAPS1 then pulled me out of the car, closed the door, and started wiping the mud off my face, and I laughed so hard I fell fell and threw him and me into the mud. @CAPS8 To make the story even better we went to open the car door, @CAPS3 remember how I told @CAPS3 I reversed my car @CAPS8 I didn't take @CAPS2 reversed when @CAPS1 pulled me out and his car was not parked lock up. Then I looked at him and said, "@CAPS5 @CAPS3 accidentally has an extra key on @CAPS3?" "@CAPS6", @CAPS1 said, "@CAPS7?" I looked at him and said, "@CAPS8 let's Look at the car is still driving, the windows are open, our phones are still in the car, @CAPS8 finished @CAPS2, the doors are locked." @CAPS1 looked at me, his mouth dropped. We sat there and waited for almost an hour and a half before anyone got off the road. It took @CAPS2 about 43 minutes to unlock the door, then it took @CAPS2 about 30 minutes for @CAPS2 to unlock. I told my family this story when I got home and we still laugh at @CAPS2 to this day.
Laughter is a @CAPS1 will write my paper on how important laughter is. I believe it can really heal people. Like when someone is upset, @CAPS2 is just a good laugh to make myself feel better. Well, I know I'm making some jokes here and there, @CAPS2 I like to laugh a lot and it feels good, it makes me happy and so does everyone else. I'm in foster care and I can't get away from @CAPS2 Laughter is a big part of my life right now. Even when I'm feeling down, it makes me happy to hear that others are having a good time. I miss my parents' laughter. My mom is an amazing mom and her laugh is so funny it makes me grin and break out laughing. We always had a lot of fun and I remember when my mom was taking her pills at @TIME1, the pills made her trendier. @CAPS2 My own mom wanted to punch me. @CAPS2 I have boxing gloves and she just clenched her fists, @CAPS3 my mom knows how to fight and everything. @CAPS2 That experience was a bit scary. Well @CAPS5 my mom, @CAPS4 my dad, he was a wonderful man and father. He worked hard to support me and my brother. When my brother and I were little, Dad always put on funny masks and did funny things to make me and my brother laugh. Or he'll put on a scary mask to scare us and make himself smile. My dad would rollerblaze with us and try to trip us, but he just couldn't keep up, and if you were going to fast, his legs would shake, he would fall, and my friends and I would just laugh. Every parent in my past has been separated from my family, which sucks, but laughs right to me @CAPS4. I could have been my dad's twin thinking hard @CAPS5. What is laughter @CAPS5''Laughter is the shortest distance between two people''. And "I @CAPS6 believe that laughter between two people or @CAPS7 people is an important part of any @CAPS8 for @CAPS9."
My grandfather always said, "Life is like a kaleidoscope you can keep turning and it @MONTH1 seems to be changing, @CAPS1 is really just repeating itself." @CAPS1 I've always wondered if that statement is true Applies to life, and if it does apply to life, why do we want life to continue in the same pattern, if it doesn't develop the way we planned. When I was twelve, my two little sisters and I were separated, and three thousand miles were squeezed between us. I was placed in @LOCATION2 and they stayed in @LOCATION1, where I was born. At first, those three thousand miles of pain were devastating. It was as if I had taken my two vital organs out of my body. Ultimately, despite the passage of time, the pain eased @CAPS2's grip on our lives. @MONTH1 looks cruel most of the time @CAPS1 Now I don't think about them. Maybe @CAPS2 is really "out of sight, out of mind" as they say. @CAPS2 It saddens me to think how close my sisters and I were before the change. We did everything together. We are very close in age, the youngest is only @NUM1 years apart from me. I remember all the time we spent outside on a humid @DATE1 day. With all the sunscreen my mom would generously put on our skin, we would look ghostly white. Times were different then, they were happy, I was happy. If I thought about it, I would see us sitting on the shag rug in the room and playing with the dolls until the sunlight slowly melted into darkness. If I could have that moment again, if only for a second, maybe I could feel that happy satisfaction again. Even though it's been a long time since we parted, I still have those days where I feel like my world is collapsing around me because they're so far away. I'll give them a call, and the questions are always uncomfortable at first, like meeting strangers for the first time. I can feel the 3,000-mile scab on my heart cracking open again, it's bleeding, like I'm leaving again. I asked myself, if the pain is so bad, why should I bother to call? Then I heard it, like the beautiful sounds of classical music in my ears, and I heard them laugh. I have a feeling of sudden need and I'm happy. With every little giggle, my smile grows because I know I've made them feel whole again, and for a second I make them forget I'm really far. Their laughter evaporated the air of those three thousand miles. In those moments of laughter, I knew we were close again, that we were sisters, not strangers. What Grandpa said was true, because no matter how my life changed, I always had that happy feeling when I heard the sweet laughter of my sisters.
I leaned against the cold locker, trying to ease my nervousness. "The @CAPS1 competition is everything we work for - every excruciating practice, every tedious workout, and every detail of every competition movie we've researched. It's all about getting us where we are today. Be ready for the night. @CAPS7 We lost tonight and nothing we did." I listened intently as our captain @PERSON1 spoke. The words she chose for our pregame speech were straight forward, anything but sugarcoating. When I look around the locker room, it's easy to see that one of my teammates is all anxious. Emilie is chomping down on her remaining nails, while @LOCATION1 prefers to express her unease by constantly tapping her feet. @PERSON1 wraps up her presentation, and as we huddle together for a break, we enter the gym. The stands were packed with familiar faces from our small town. In a small section of the stands, there was a group of people dressed in colors other than our school. @CAPS1 Brutal reminder to bring my attention back to the warm-up. Our twenty minutes of warm-up seemed to last less than two minutes. The announcer started explaining our starting lineup, but to no avail. The roar of the crowd overwhelmed the speaker system. @CAPS7 It seems like everyone in our town of five thousand is playing. There wasn't a single seat available in the stands. The bench shook with the stomping and clapping of the crowd, threatening to fall with every shake. The starting five on each team walked to the center of the court to receive a cue. With the tip missing, our team soon came under pressure. From the first possession of the game, we were chasing the opponent. The first two quarters ended in a draw. On @DATE2 time, my team got frustrated and regrouped in the locker room. We entered the locker room a moment before my @CAPS3. I took the opportunity of @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 around my teammates' expressions. Nothing but disappointment and fear crossed their faces. My @CAPS3 opened the door and I instinctively braced myself in case the key was thrown against the wall, or the clipboard was smashed. My team has witnessed these angry behaviors countless times before. I'm amazed that my @CAPS3 entered with complete equanimity as @CAPS7 our first @DATE2 treacherous game didn't get him into trouble. We were not yelled at or criticized. Instead, he rubbed his eyes, face down, shoulders bent. His stomach started shaking, followed by his shoulders. My first assumption was that he was crying, but to my surprise I heard our @CAPS3 chuckle. Soon, that soft laugh turned into a loud laugh that twitched in the stomach. My team exchanged puzzled looks, looking forward to my @CAPS3 explanation. "@CAPS2 on yourself!" @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Ordered. "@CAPS5 is more tentative than when I invited @PERSON2 to my first dance!" We can always rely on @CAPS3 for an unrelated metaphor. Even @CAPS7 has nothing to do with basketball, that's pretty clear. "@CAPS7 @CAPS5 guys will just believe in myself as I believe in @CAPS5, the @CAPS1 race is going to be a bang! Instead, @CAPS5 is playing like a bunch of bunnies!" Thinking like what we used to hear when we were kids Played like a nursery rhyme and we all laughed. The talk from @CAPS3 @CAPS4 put us all at ease. The team we should have been confident from the start of the game is now ready to win @DATE2. It seems almost impossible to think that @CAPS1's confidence comes from a comforting laugh. The whistle blows for @DATE2. We play with such confidence and confidence that @CAPS7 @CAPS5 comparing one @DATE2 to another will make @CAPS2 like two different teams. We took the lead early on @DATE1 and kept it going for the rest of the race. The win at the game that night brought us one round deeper into the state championship. As I walked back to the locker room, I looked around the huge gym. I looked: crowd, scoreboard, opponents, referees and journalists. I realize how easy it is to catch everything that shouldn't affect @CAPS5. All the distractions make it easy for @CAPS5 to forget the main purpose of @CAPS5 playing the game. Sometimes we need reminders, like the calm laughter of @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Without that reassuring laugh, my team would never have come together and beat our opponents.
Freshman, @CAPS1 season. I've been @CAPS1 for about eight years, and I did the varsity team at the @NUM1 school in @LOCATION1 in my first year of high school. As the only freshman on the varsity team, everyone knows who I am, the "short guy on the varsity @CAPS1 team". @CAPS2 An 8th grader, I won the junior state championship and wrestled all the way without @CAPS1 full game. That means I locked everyone in the first round. I can't be touched. Coming into high school, I knew I wouldn't have @CAPS2 as easily as I did in elementary school. I am absolutely right. My coach has to be the funniest person I've ever met in my life. @PERSON1 has been my @CAPS3 teacher since @NUM2 grade and has been a role model throughout my life. He made the funniest joke about the wrestlers on the team. A lot of people don't like @PERSON1 @CAPS12 @CAPS4, he gets along very well. I finished this freshman year with @NUM3 wins, @NUM4 points and @NUM4 losses. I'm still 13 days into @CAPS and haven't been pinned. This earned @CAPS4 the Wrestler of the Year award from my @CAPS1 coach @PERSON4. When the season came to the regionals, I knew I had a chance to get in shape. There are six guys in my weight class and four of the six guys I beat earlier in the season. I just have to worry about my game and make no mistakes until @CAPS4. There's a bunch of kids in the @NUM6lb class. I am definitely the most experienced in my weight class. I sat on the first seed. The second seed is @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1. He lost weight so he could try to get my seat into shape. In my first match I wrestled @CAPS5 from @CAPS6-@CAPS7-@CAPS8. This game is very short. I pinned him in about @NUM4 seconds. After the game with @CAPS5, I walked up to my coach and he told @CAPS4 a quote I'll never forget, "@CAPS10, @CAPS11 is lonely at the top, @CAPS12 has a great view. " The quote from @CAPS13 stuck in my head throughout all of the competitions. I won my second and third games and made it to the semifinals. I'm one round away from auto-entering. I wrestled @CAPS5 from @PERSON3 and he weighs @NUM8 lbs. I know he's a good wrestler, even though I have about NUM9 pounds on me. I was getting ready to wrestle and I saw @CAPS5 go through the gym from @CAPS4. @CAPS2 He jumped around to warm up and I saw him trip and fall in the face. My coach saw the same thing and started making fun of him. @CAPS11 is the funniest thing I've ever seen. I wrestled in the game and pinned him in double overtime. My coach walked up to @CAPS4 and said, "@CAPS11 took you so long to pin a guy who couldn't even warm up without falling." @PERSON1 has about three teeth in total in his mouth. He lost them in many different ways. He is an adventurous man. He loves whitewater rafting and sports @CAPS1. When I moved, I was a long way from the @CAPS1 coaches I adored, @CAPS12 we still hit @CAPS11 and chat on facebook. By the day @CAPS13 he was still the funniest person I know and still my idol.
A lot of people @MONTH1 don't think laughter is an important part of a relationship. I really think it's a good thing to have a good laugh with your spouse because it means you're having a good time with each other. I'll tell you a true story of when my girlfriend and I laughed and had a good time, and I'll talk about another when laughter was such a big part of my life. In the next @NUM1 paragraph, I'll decide how laughter has helped @CAPS1 in my life. Laughing is about being happy, it should be about hurting someone or making them upset or angry with you. I think some people really want to hurt people because they don't care what they say to people, that's why laughing hurts people sometimes. I said something to some people I thought was funny, but the people I said to it didn't think it was funny. The first story I'm going to tell you is about @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. I've been dating @PERSON2 for about a month now and laughter is a big part of our relationship. @PERSON2 and I love to tell each other jokes and make each other laugh. If we don't laugh and get along well with each other, the relationship goes away. It won't develop as I hoped. So every day I try to make her laugh at some of the things I say, because it's a big life thing for @CAPS1 anyway. @PERSON2 keeps @CAPS1 laughing, which I think is a good thing for her because she can always be a really funny person. So as long as there are some laughs in long-term relationships, most of them will last for a while. I think the person who made @CAPS1 laugh the most is probably my dad. When my dad comes to pick up @CAPS1 every day, he always has something interesting to say. I think it's been a long time since he said a funny thing. When my dad has a bad day at work and then when he comes home still in a bad mood I try to say something funny to get him out of the bad mood and if that doesn't work I walk to my room away he. But most of the time my dad comes home in a good mood because his job is easy and he likes the people he works with. Now if we were still living I am @ORGANIZATION1 it would be a different story. When we lived in @ORGANIZATION1, my dad had to commute from @LOCATION2 to @ORGANIZATION1 to work. It was about an hour's drive each way, so it put him in a bad mood. But I didn't really see him when we lived at @LOCATION4. So anything funny I feel like I always try to say it just to keep the laughter going. I believe laughter is an important part of making friends. Most friends like to joke and laugh at things they find funny. So when you have a friend who likes to smile or who likes to tell jokes, they usually become friends and that person makes more friends and the whole community starts to like him - until he says something that makes a lot of people angry. In our @CAPS1, @PERSON3, @PERSON4 and @CAPS2 baseball practices, we love to tell jokes or say something that will make the whole team laugh. Another interesting person for @CAPS1 is @LOCATION3. @LOCATION3 told a lot of jokes and got angry face, the last person who was funny to @CAPS1 was @PERSON1 who was one of those people who thought he was funny but was actually funny. I think I have great friendships with all of these people. I just told you why I think laughing in a relationship is a good thing. It's nice to be around your parents so you can have a good relationship with them. I hope you like my story. I love writing about this topic because it explains @CAPS1, it explains what I do with my spouse and friends. I think everyone laughs day in and day out in their life to maintain a good attitude with people.
When I was a little boy, I used to laugh at anything, but as a kid, who didn't? As I got older, I developed a sense of humor that worked in my favor and made me a likable young man. I've increasingly developed a stronger, more confident sense of humor. I always remember making people laugh and love the attention I get from my humor. As my body gets older and my humor gets funnier, I make myself more dependent on my people's likeable personalities. Also, I taught myself how to change my voice and change my tone for a more humorous effect. This is a step I know is suitable to enhance my humorous personality. I have no intention of losing my sense of humor, so I use it to my advantage. I use my humor to boost my @CAPS1 count, attract the attention of unacceptable peers, and gain the attention I live on. I've started to be accepted by my higher-level peers who used to look down on me, and it seems like I'm getting a lot of attention. Anything I can do to make my peers laugh is my goal. Anything from rolling down stairs, telling jokes, pissing off teachers (which students find funny), and occasionally breaking things. It's all just for me to fit in with the crowd that once rejected me. When I entered high school, I knew my humor needed work to keep my peers still laughing, I just didn't know what kind of work I needed. That's when I finally started to lose my funny, humorous personality. Then I fell into the ranks of my peers, down to what I thought was once called the weird kid. I befriend people who don't always keep their heads up, are always down, and never seem to be positive. I let people I call friends drag me to the bottom when I know I should be more at the top. This was my first serious failure and I managed to lose my humorous personality. One of my friends in particular let me down more than anyone else, even reaching fatherly levels of unhappiness. The so-called "@CAPS1" has disappointed me so much that I need therapy to help me get back to my normal level of happiness. I finally realized that being a @CAPS1 who just drags you down is no fun. When she moved, I finally broke free, I didn't say I didn't want to be friends with her, it was too hard for me. When she moved, it allowed me to heal myself and pay more attention to my sense of humor. I broke the dark days and started my endless path of humor again. It's hard to come to terms with the fact that I've lost what seems like an eternity of humor and a place in my social circle that will be hard to regain. But after a month of hard work and focus on school and humor, my character is back to normal! Immediately after I got my humor back, I started to feel happier. I get more attention and feel like I'm back to where I should be, even though I'm a little lower. Back to the saddle of humor, back to the laughter of my peers, back to the smile, and most importantly, back to the way I used to be. I had to recover all my humor and personality, my tone and voice and jokes, but it was worth it, in a weird way. As I now continue my humor as a junior, I haven't managed to lose it, but there is always a future. I managed to turn the best thing I've had into the worst thing I've ever felt for a few weeks and then bounced back. In the end, it's not what you have that matters, it's what you can do to please yourself, in the end I won't change anything!
Grades @NUM1 to @NUM2 were the happy times of my life. I have a teacher named @PERSON1. She likes Mickey Mouse. I hope to be back there one day. In @NUM1 grade, I went to a classroom where I knew my friends with but did know the teacher. I don't know what to think of her at @CAPS1, but I know I have to get to know her because she was my teacher @NUM4 years. At one of my meetings, my gym teacher taught me how to try on shoes. We tell a story every day in our diaries about the various ways I talk about @PERSON2 and the various ways she tells me not to write about her to tell something new. At level @NUM1. I took a trip to the vault with my class. At @NUM6 my class read the @NUM7 book and we had a party. Sometime @DATE1 we all get together and we're going to have an ice cream party. When @DATE2 came along, we were doing a musical every year. It was fun and cool when @NUM8 I went to outdoor school.
Laughter saved my life. Growing up, my life was normal. Me, my brother, mom and dad all live happily together in a nice suburb. But two years ago, everything changed; it didn't seem like things were getting better. My parents are divorced. It's all weird because at that point in my life I thought it couldn't have happened to me; it couldn't have happened. As I talked about it with my friends and family, I learned to accept the fact that my family will never be the same again. But when I started adjusting to my new life, many times I was still unhappy. But when I'm with my best friend and loving family, I forget everything that's going on at home. George and I have been very close friends since @NUM1 grade. We are inseparable. Although I have many other friends, I always turn to him if there is a problem. He knows me better than anyone. We chat at school every day, text each other every night, and hang out almost every weekend. The night my parents told me they were getting a divorce, I called him crying. He told me that in the end everything would be fine, he told me that if I needed something, he was always there for me. At that time, it was clear to me that I had something that a lot of people can't say in their lives: a true friend who would go through anything with me. He and I would joke about all my problems. To some people, @MONTH1 seems a little weird. But it's almost therapeutic for me. Makes my life easier in a sense. It helped me realize that I needed to let go of the past, and just because there was a tough patch, doesn't mean it was doomed for the rest of my life. George knows how to cheer me up and he can always tell me when I need a good talk or a good laugh to make my day better. A girl always needs another girl in her life to tell her secrets, do crazy things, and lie on the couch all day watching boring love movies. For me it's @CAPS1. When we are together, no one can stop us. She was always by my side when my parents divorced. She was with me on my last night at my house before we moved out. We sat on our beds in an empty room, reminiscing about all the memories the house gave us. Some people will think this will be a sad time, but all we do is laugh. Because all memories are good. We're not crying because we're sad; we've been laughing and crying over all our crazy adventures for hours. For me, it's a good reason to cry. We had the best time again that night, and we wouldn't let the situation upset us. We want to make our last memory in my home a good one; we will remember it forever. My family is weird; but we do know how to have fun. I don't have many family members, but I think because we are so close, we get along very well. Whether we're playing a game of waffle in the backyard or playing a wild-mat prank in the house, it's always fun in my @CAPS2 @PERSON1 house. I'll be spending a lot of time at @CAPS2's house during the tough times of my divorce because I don't have to worry about being asked how I feel all the time; I just have to worry about whether I should take my sneakers for a hike or if I should bring my pajamas in case we decide Overnight at movie night. That house is where I still go to relax and forget about anything @MONTH1 made me worry about. @CAPS2 @PERSON1's is my safe haven to let go and spend quality time with my favorite people in the world; my family. I don't know what I would be like without these important people in my life. As I grew up, I realized that these people shaped who I am today. They helped me through the toughest times of my life and it's a testament to how much they really care about me. Some say laughter is the best medicine; I say love. Laughing can help you through scary times, but it's the people who make you laugh that matter most. I can honestly say that each of these people made me a better person and I love them with all my heart.
Life is a serious business and should be considered. Life is what you create, and I've done my best to make it happen; even if it seems pointless. It may be hard not to be affected by world chaos and everyday epidemics, but smiling doesn't seem to be easier or less stressful than frowning. Living in the moment, not worrying about what's going to happen, just to be carefree, I think it's exhilarating. Be the purest form of tranquility. My memories as a kid are hazy, but I'm happy to say I have some. Childhood happiness is purest in my position. I long for the kind of purity I once had, like most people do. This is my favorite pair of plastic barbie high healing shoes or my special princess backpack with every princess or @CAPS1 @CAPS2. It was my parents who grimaced and made me laugh because I couldn't take it anymore. All I long for is to pick under my favorite long green-haired willows, be free as birds, sing their beautiful songs, and dance with a never-ending smile. This is the fragile youth of the child I long for. This is the youth of a vulnerable child. As life went on, my purity had faded and I had grown farther and farther from people, my community, and myself, until I felt alone. I have changed as a person when life has burned me one or more times. If not for hating me, I feel like God has betrayed me. Since then, I have become a cold stone wall that no one can penetrate. But when I stare in the mirror, I no longer see @CAPS3 Life is just hate. This moment changed my outlook on life. My intense hatred of the world started to get in my way in every way, if not the most important. If I can't open my heart to myself - how can I open my heart to the world? @CAPS3, learning, freedom and growth are my ultimate goals. In myself, I learned the most important lesson; laughter and wit is optimistic, compassionate, and understanding. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I believe this is an honest point worth trying to prove. Laughter has changed my life and changed my world, it's a recurring symptom I'm proud of every day. During my most embarrassing moments, my most angry moments, and even my saddest moments, I still managed to squeeze out a smile. Helping people helps me realize and understand that this is where my passion lies. I want to help the world not hide from their pain, but just realize that life can take twists and turns, but in the end it will get better. Even in the deepest and darkest caves, they are always a rock waiting for detritus to bring light. For me, they are always a light at the end of the tunnel. In my opinion - a smile can carry. I want to be that light. I want to be that feeling of leaving again that everything will be fine. So I live my life with a kind smile. In my opinion, if you create one smile, you'll receive three more. This is my motto, "@CAPS3 life for what it's new Adventures, just smile and the world will keep turning as life goes on."
laughter. Some people may think it's just a simple reaction to something funny, but laughter can actually be a lot of things, like a way of coping with a situation, a way of expressing yourself, or just enjoying yourself when you're around your friends A simple way of laughing. For me, the meaning of laughter has changed a lot in my life, when I was younger, I used to laugh to enjoy myself or just to have fun with my peers, but with As I get older, I use laughter to deal with situations. On the morning of @NUM1's birthday @DATE1 I found some disturbing and disappointing news the day I found out that my mom had passed away. When I first found out that I didn't know what to do, the only thing I could do was cry and grieve over it and get into a depressed phase, many of my friends tried to help me and tried to tell me "everything will be alright" . I know they're right, but the only thing I can think of is that even if things get normal, things will never be the same. At this point I was wondering what would @CAPS1 look like? What am I going to do for Mother's Day? My biggest question is how should I celebrate my birthday? It's hard to know that the person I loved and was with me for NUM2 years is gone, but since my mom passed away, I've tried to focus on the positives and what she expects of me, like graduating high school, to be successful, not Let my life spiral downward. As hard as it was for me every day, I struggled to get over it, just remembering that my mom didn't want me to give up my life because of her passing. You may be asking yourself how I coped with this loss, and the answer is that I have learned to laugh at my situation. When I was a child, my mother always told me "Laughter is the best medicine". After losing her I realized that was true and I was laughing at some of our arguments myself. Laughter has helped me cope well in the past four months since my mom passed away, and I hope it continues to help in the future, but I've always thought "I can laugh at some things now, but what about after ten years? " I guess the future is just a mystery, but I know my future will be successful, even if the laughter doesn't always work for me, I will stay strong and have to live. If I had a mother, my life would be like this The whole situation has been my aunt, she's been in my life since day one, my mom and I even lived with her. I am grateful that my aunt has been by my side throughout my life, if it weren't for her, I don't know where I would be now, she taught me that I can't isolate myself or stop being a teen just because I don't have a mom, But to live a full life, live the life my mom wanted to see me live, and she told me it's okay to laugh in bad situations, don't take it to heart, I'm glad I have someone to live with Difficulties. It's reassuring to have someone by my side in such a difficult situation. Knowing that I have someone to go and just talk about the past and be able to laugh with someone. It's hard to laugh when you're laughing to yourself, but one thing I've noticed is that it's easier to share your feelings when you have friends and family who are going through the same situation as you, and I think it's also easier to laugh when you're around When you have close people and people who care about you. Laughter may not be the best option in some situations, but the best advice I can give to those who may happen to be going through a similar situation is to not stop living your life, do something great, and try to release some Relieve stress by laughing with friends.
Everyone laughs, I love to laugh, in fact it's one of my favorite things to do. If you're in a bad mood or can't be happy, just smile because I'm sure it will lighten your mood, I'll tell you what, it's also good for you in many ways. If people don't smile, the world will be depressing, and you can totally change their mood by smiling at an unhappy person. So as I told you before, I'm a very happy and energetic person, I'm the best at laughing, and I smile to everyone around me. Well I have a story to tell you, I love volunteering in homeless shelters and nursing homes because I believe I should share my joy with those around me, it makes my soul feel good, can help people. After noon, I'm doing what I do best, laughing and having fun at old folks, making people smile, and they all love having me around because they say I cheer them up. I run around the room, bring vases and open the curtains to let in the beautiful sunlight, and I always tell them that vitamins @CAPS1 can warm the soul. There was a man there who never had a smile on his face, and I treated him like any other inhabitant, no matter what I did, he wouldn't smile. He was always staring out the window with a lifeless face when I came in, so I asked the nurse why he was so grumpy and quiet and they told me he was a veteran. From what I understand he doesn't have much family, or at least they don't visit him as often and just send him away because they don't want to deal with the grumpy anymore. But I have a heart of gold and I feel I should share. I decided that one day I would turn the frown on his cute little face upside down and make him feel happy, smiling and interacting with the other residents. So as usual, I went in and went about my day in all the other rooms and we talked about some laughs and all kinds of things. I ended up saving that little old man, I don't know what his name was or what his whole background was like, but I'll go for it! I walked in and he stared out the window as usual, and I hesitated for a minute because I didn't know how he would react. So I went up and started talking to him, I introduced myself, but he didn't seem happy. I asked him his name and he told me it was none of my business and it totally knocked me out and made me think I was the bad guy. So I started talking to him, asking about his life, and he slowly opened up and told me all the things he saw in the @LOCATION1 war. It turned out he was a good guy and all those nurses were wrong about him and they didn't even try. We laughed me and him for hours, but it didn't get old. He has gradually started interacting with other people since I talked to him, they just didn't give him the time of day to explain his feelings or find someone to talk to. So think about it the next time you go to the store and you see someone who doesn't look the best they have today, and give them a smile! ! ! :)
Do you ever hang out with your best friend on the weekend and laugh all the time? Many people don't get the chance to have a day full of laughter because they don't have anyone to laugh with. In my case, I am always laughing and am always surrounded by people who never stop laughing. My best friend is one of the funniest people I know. I'm probably in the worst mood and @CAPS14 always knows how to put a smile on my face. @ORGANIZATION1 and I have been hanging out. Every time we @CAPS11 are together, we @CAPS11 keep laughing until we can't breathe. One day we both had a rough day. All the drama with friends and boyfriends weighs a lot on our shoulders. I was sitting on the couch at home when I got a call from @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS1 @CAPS11 what are you doing today? @ORGANIZATION1 asked. "@CAPS2 was just sitting at home watching a movie. How about you?" I replied "@CAPS3 I had a bad day, do you want to come over?" @ORGANIZATION1 said in a frustrated tone. "@CAPS4. Hold on, let me ask," I said as I ran to my parents' room. Of course my parents said yes. About an hour later, @CAPS5 dad picked me up. When I got in the car, I could tell from the look of @CAPS14 that @CAPS14 had a bad day and just needed to have some fun. When we got back to her house, we went into her room and started talking. About five minutes into the conversation, we were both crying like babies because of what was going on. We don't just cry for sad things. At some point in the conversation, we laughed so hard that we started crying again. @ORGANIZATION1 I could sit there for hours and laugh to the point where I can't stop us. @CAPS3 That day is that day. @CAPS5 Dad walked into the room because of the noise. "@CAPS1 is happening here?" @CAPS7 asked in a stern voice. "@CAPS8 Dad," we said and still laughing. "Then @CAPS9." @CAPS7 walked out of the room with a confused look on his face. Close the door behind you. It made us laugh even more. We laughed so hard that @ORGANIZATION1 fell off her bed. "@CAPS11 you @CAPS9!" I tried to ask, but it didn't really come out because I laughed so hard. All @ORGANIZATION1 can do is laugh on the floor. @CAPS13 you know @ORGANIZATION1 you know once @CAPS14 starts @CAPS14 thinks everything in the universe is interesting, literally. The rest of the night, we just sat on her bed and talked about everything. It either happened two years ago, or it just happened that week. I remember she told me a story about when @CAPS14 lived elsewhere and it was really the funniest story I've ever heard. I've been her best friend for three years and I've never gotten tired of her. Some of the guys who played with @ORGANIZATION1, I really don't understand why half of what we say is funny. We were hanging out with some friends a few months ago and all of a sudden @ORGANIZATION1 screamed, "@CAPS12 on my finger!" @CAPS13 You just heard someone say you'd be @CAPS2 disgusted, but when @ When CAPS14 screamed, I started laughing and my stomach hurt. Once we were sitting in her room, @CAPS14 wanted to paint my nails, and @CAPS14 chose this ugly brown-gold color. @CAPS14 started painting my nails. "@ORGANIZATION1 looks like I have @CAPS12 on my finger!" I exclaimed. "I think it looks good." @CAPS14 replied with a determined smile on her face. The @CAPS12 on my finger has been our inner joke since that night. @ORGANIZATION1 Had the most fun time with me. The time you can only spend with your best friends. We spend hours sitting there laughing at the simplest things you can't do with other people. I'm grateful to have someone with whom I can share all this laughter. Remember you @CAPS11 are lucky you have people who can make you laugh. Like I said, not everyone has that person.
Laughter "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." - Unknown. This sentence means a lot to many people. I am one of those people who believe there is a lot of truth and meaning in this saying. The best true story I can tell you involving me and laughter is about me and my dad. When I was little, I lived with my dad and my mom kept fighting with my dad and neither of them was happy. My dad and mom both have good jobs, but they never had the money to do anything because my mom loves spending money and getting them both into the department. My dad had to sell his stuff all the time to help pay off all the departments. My parents got divorced, which is a good thing for all of us. I got to hang out with my dad and I found out how funny he is and how funny he is. My dad and I started going hunting and all kinds of things like that. I find my mom is worse when she's happy because she gets really rowdy, or you can say annoying. She makes me laugh every now and then, but always at her instead of with her. I love being with my dad because I'm always having fun and learning something that helps me. I think in any kind of friendship, laughter is important. If you pay attention to the way you spend time with your favorite people, you will find that most of what you do is make each other laugh.
A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 A @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Simple as I think @CAPS5. I am stoic; my life is the lowest point. resignedly. I wrote a @CAPS2 to my hero; no reply. I decided to wait for @CAPS3 to see if my hero replies...my hero is awesome, light, shocking; his name is @PERSON6. I understand his music. My best friend @PERSON4 @CAPS3 me, always talks about how great his music is; actually @CAPS6 @CAPS4 started because of @ORGANIZATION1. We are two different people; I don't even think we can be friends or have anything in common with @CAPS8. @CAPS20's music brings us together. @CAPS17 @CAPS3 I wrote a @CAPS2 to @LOCATION1; I thought "@PERSON6 won't even read it", but I watched @PERSON4 write @CAPS2. @CAPS3 Over the past few weeks @CAPS3 I really thought @ORGANIZATION1 not @CAPS8 would read or reply. After that @CAPS6 @CAPS4 started to be worn out. I'm discouraged; we only discussed @PERSON6 @CAPS3 @CAPS6 photography projects. We're really procrastinating on the @CAPS6 project; since high school, I've been a little distracted by cheerleading @CAPS3 homework; not college homework. I ignored @PERSON4 calling @CAPS3 text. Until I realized I made the wrong choice; @CAPS15 I called my friend @PERSON4 - thank god I did. A week later @PERSON4 @CAPS3 I @CAPS3 my two friends: @PERSON5, my best friend since 7th grade; @LOCATION2, my best friend since 8th grade, went to see this very intense movie . After watching the movie, we went to the dormitory to meet some friends. On the way to @CAPS6, @PERSON2 @CAPS3 I told @PERSON5 @CAPS3 @PERSON4 about @CAPS6's amazing experience with health: @CAPS6 health teacher gave us an assignment on what a perfect body should look like. @PERSON2 @CAPS3 I, funny made an alien body. This alien's toe came out of his shoe @CAPS3 @CAPS6 The alien has warts all over his body. We couldn't stop laughing, apparently we didn't turn in '@CAPS8. When we arrived at the dorm, @CAPS3 @PERSON4 introduced me to his friend @CAPS8.J; @CAPS18 is a big fan of @ORGANIZATION1. "@CAPS9." @CAPS10 We played various games, I noticed @CAPS8.J with some warts on his hands, @CAPS3 When @CAPS18 took off his shoes; put on his saddle, I couldn't resist @ CAPS8 But noticed that @CAPS18 kinda reminds me of @CAPS6's drawing. I laughed hysterically, my friend @CAPS12 kept asking me why I was laughing, I said "@CAPS8.J looks like my alien", @CAPS18 said "wow, that's rude." I said : "That's the perfect body in my opinion." We all had a good laugh @CAPS3 Keep playing @CAPS3 Listen to @ORGANIZATION1. The next day @PERSON4 @CAPS3 I had to meet up to work on the @CAPS6 photography project. All we have to do is take pictures of each other @CAPS3 We like what @CAPS3 doesn't. It's called: really getting to know a person. I learned a lot about @PERSON4 throwing this project. In my opinion, I sometimes lead a fast-paced life, @CAPS3 I can barely breathe. I want to do everything, but the school @CAPS3 movement sometimes holds me back; not bad. I just have less time to hang out with friends or just rest. But I love my life @CAPS3 doesn't @CAPS8 trade it; everything I do brings me closer to my goal: @CAPS14.BI Proxy. This project is intense. To me, it's a @CAPS1, a way of life that tells me "hold on and you'll make it;" all thanks to one simple invocation. We're working hard when @PERSON4's phone keeps ringing. I'm a little grumpy. I said "@PERSON4 pick up the phone!" @CAPS15 @CAPS18 did it. @CAPS18 said "oh my gosh, @CAPS16 is @PERSON6 and I said "stop bullshitting, now let's get back to work! "@CAPS17 put his phone on the speaker, @CAPS3 is there; my hero is calling! I @CAPS15 so glad I started crying, how could this happen to us! I passed out like I Very stoic. How could this happen to "everyday teens". I can hear @PERSON4 talking to @ORGANIZATION1 but I'm getting my head mixed up. I gasp and @CAPS3 says "Hi. (I'm still in shock.) @CAPS18 said "Hi @PERSON3, good luck. "@CAPS3 That's my past. When I woke up @PERSON4 @CAPS3 I couldn't believe it. We cried and then to ease the tension, @PERSON4 said: "@CAPS16 you talked to your husband. "We laughed for a long time. @CAPS17 @CAPS3 I have the best memories together. @CAPS6 @CAPS4 started because of @CAPS20 music, @CAPS3 will never end. That day I realized: one: a miracle happened; two: laugh Healing the mind; @CAPS3 Three: Always have faith, never give up, when all the feelings hit you, someone will keep hearing your advice @CAPS3 @CAPS3 if it's like @PERSON1 said" Jump off the cliff, @CAPS3 builds your wings on the way down" or someone will help you build them! As @PERSON6 put it: "Come hold my hand as we walk this path together. "
I had a blast camping at @LOCATION2 on a hot @DATE3 day in the middle of @DATE1. @PERSON1 and her family took me on their camping trips, we stay at their @CAPS1 and our campsite is right by the sea so we go there every day for walks. We stayed at @LOCATION2 for a week. During that week I believe her sister gave birth on @DATE2 and she lives in @LOCATION1 which is a long drive from @LOCATION2. @PERSON1's mom and dad woke us up early that morning at around 6:30am, @PERSON1 and I had been up @TIME1 until around 3:30am, so we were pretty tired by then. We found out we were taking a small plane from @LOCATION5 to @LOCATION4 airport, and since @PERSON1's brother works there, we got a pretty cheap plane. It felt like we knew we only had about three hours of sleep to get through a long day, and we all had very strong coffee to keep us going. Then we went all the way to the airport and we were laughing at all the street signs, the names of the buildings, the funny birds, the songs, and we had the @CAPS2 accent, we said every word, so it was more fun. My stomach muscles hurt so bad, I don't know if we're laughing because things are really funny or if we're delirious from lack of sleep, plus the high caffeine and sugar. Once we got to the actual airport, we still couldn't help but laugh @PERSON1's parents were frustrated with us even though we broke them down too. We all got on the plane and of course we sat side by side. To this day, we still swear there's an agent sitting behind us in spy glasses, a suit and headphones @CAPS3 The agent wears the clothes to protect the president we keep making up stories about what he does and we can't stop laughing. Finally he started talking to us. We were so excited, he told us all the places he was going, the one I remember best was @LOCATION3 a secret agent! We know it at this point. What a job we think it is! Of course @PERSON1's parents interrupted "Excuse me sir, did they bother you?" @CAPS3 We are some kind of pest and he replied "Of course not, I have nothing better to do." We even made him laugh It was so bad that he cried and I guess you could say it was fun when we were together. The best part was when her mom was anxious about flying, I mean it wasn't funny, but she was crazy because she said things like "oh my gosh it's going to crash, girls be quiet, you scared I am" etc. @PERSON1 and I took the opportunity to frighten her even more. Finally we landed. At the airport we went to the bathroom and there were free toothbrushes so we brought some @PERSON1 got a green one and I got a pink one. We use them all day in pictures and everything. Then we rented a car to go to the hospital, still smiling at everything we entered the hospital, finally seeing such a lovely baby. We started to settle down as soon as we entered the room. After about an hour we went out to eat and we were all hungry. We ate and had to sit there and wasted 3 hours We went to the mall and then went to @PERSON1's house we crashed! @PERSON1 I'm dead! But we still have the flight home, scared every step of the way we don't know how we're going to get it done. Finally we got on the plane and went back to camp to sleep. It's one of those "must be there" days where I can't express the emotion and the laughter in words, it's so funny. There's a reason we're best friends, and I don't think that's what made us so close.
For me, laughter is the best medicine and plays an important role in any good relationship. This is especially good for a couple who are serious and forget how to laugh. Also suitable for those who can use a mood booster. I know laughter makes my relationship better. Begging that my relationship with my boyfriend is not that good. We hardly ever laughed, let alone talked, together. Only with friends can we laugh and have fun. Although we're not kidding anyway. All we can do is get angry or say nothing. Even the joke is funny. Well, that all changed when we decided to go to @LOCATION1 for a few rounds of @CAPS1. We were a little moody when we got there, and I was short-tempered. After sitting down, the atmosphere calmed down a bit. Then we finally started talking, and a little outburst sent us almost rolling on the ground. We are falling apart. His face was flushed, and he was gasping for breath. We laughed so hard we almost cried and the jokes didn't stop. Once this happens, our mood changes completely. We don't even remember why we were upset. It's almost as if the anger is gone. It wasn't long before we realized how ridiculous we were and could joke around, as long as it wasn't mean. Later we went to a friend's house and had a great time. We told some good jokes, laughed a lot and really had a good time. Then it got dark and we decided to go home, still joking. I don't know what happened that night, but for the first time in a long time we were smiling and happy. Sharing this experience allows us to truly connect with each other. Not only that, but it strengthens our connection and brings us closer together. Our relationship has been great since then. We can laugh and have fun without having to be so serious all the time. I now know why laughter is so important in a relationship. Even though we were a little moody , all the jokes reminded me that laughter is by far the best medicine. It does something that no one else can ever do. Some @MONTH1 don't think laughing is the best, but I believe it is. Those occasional giggles @MONTH1 doesn't seem like much, but trust me it's a lot more than you think. Laughter is everything to me. After what it did for me and my boyfriend, I don't know how I would live without it.
I love to laugh! Laughing makes me feel satisfied and happy. When I laugh with someone I don't know, I feel like I've known them for a long time. When I laugh with people I know, I feel fulfilled. But my favorite laugh with one person is my cousin @PERSON1. I think laughter is an important part of our relationship because when we laugh, it's magical. Fantastic speed and @CAPS5 made one of us laugh. We would say almost anything, the most casual but humorous, and then we would laugh until we actually cried. A @TIME1, when we called, we decided to call our other cousin anonymously. When he didn't answer the phone, we hung up in disappointment. I was thinking about the @CAPS1 movie I just watched a few hours ago, and an idea slowly started to appear. I started talking to my cousin using @CAPS1, pretending I was an aunt from @LOCATION2. I told her how I visited in @DATE1 @CAPS11 and they better be prepared. I love that my bed is nice and soft, the pillows are fluffy, and I have my own bathroom. I am a picky auntie. When I come, I want everything to be perfect. We laughed and laughed. Then @PERSON1 said to me, "@CAPS3 let's stop calling @CAPS4, if he doesn't answer, we'll leave a message." "@CAPS5 will we say in a message?", I asked. @CAPS6 will just say that @CAPS6 is his aunt from @LOCATION2 and @CAPS6 will visit and the rest of @CAPS6 will make up. @CAPS7, I said hesitantly. I dialed six or seven stars, then his number, and pressed the call button. Fortunately, no one answered. But when the answering machine beeped for me to record the message, I was speechless. Then I started in my picky auntie's voice, "@CAPS8 @CAPS4, this is your aunt @LOCATION1, I..." I burst out laughing before I could go on. "I...I'm coming to visit...", I exploded again. I can hear @PERSON1 laughing in the background and it makes me laugh even harder. This time I tried to dive into the story again, laughing here and there. When I reach the max time for a message, I've @CAPS11 entered a state I don't want to stop. When the message was over, I was only halfway there. @CAPS11 After the answering machine finished the call, I pressed two to get here my message. As I listen, I can't help but think that @CAPS5 sounds like a fool. @PERSON1 makes me boo every time I laugh out loud, but I can tell she wants to laugh too. She just held it. When I hung up, I called her back, and when she answered, I said, "@CAPS10 do it again because I'm not done." @CAPS11 We called again, and this time I said more willingly, I can hardly laugh. I'll save it for when we listen. As we laughed and wiped away tears, @PERSON1 said, "That was the funniest thing we've ever done together, and we have to do it again." "Of course," I told her. But @TIME1 is late, time to go. We hung up when we ended goodbye and I loved @CAPS6. Every time that @TIME1 and I laugh, I wonder if @CAPS5 will be like no one can laugh. @CAPS5 it will be a boring place, @CAPS5 a lifeless life. When I laugh, I feel lively. I want to laugh one more day. It would be a shame if there was no laughter, because I love to laugh so much.
For me, laughter shows the importance of life. I've always felt that in any situation @CAPS3 or a bad laugh can completely change the way people deal with those situations. When it comes to a relationship, simply laughing can help anyone. Laughter symbolizes happiness, which is more important than happiness for those in love. I've been in a lot of scary situations and just laughing can help us get through it. Laughter always changes @CAPS1's mood and helps me through difficult times. When you get so excited about the little things, you forget about the @CAPS3 things in your life and start losing each other's patients, which happened to me a lot. The one that happened to me was when my @CAPS1 boyfriend and I were on our way to @LOCATION1 and everything seemed to go wrong on that trip. We went on vacation to @LOCATION1 away from our busy family life and finally wished we were anywhere but where we were! They've overbooked our hotel, our car broke down, and the @CAPS1 credit card account was helped within @NUM1 hours, seems like the biggest mistake we've ever made. Our relationship was so strained that we couldn't even look at each other without fighting. We ended up going to some cheap hotels and spent what little cash we had. The next morning, things got so bad that just being in the same room we wanted to throw a tantrum and kill each other. He ended up leaving for a day and we didn't talk about @TIME1 when he came back, but even after he wasn't together or came back a day later it was still difficult to get along with each other. We woke up the next morning and by this time we had had enough and had eaten. The only thing we were doing was moping and fighting and it made us realize we were really stuck and this vacation couldn't be called a vacation anymore. With no one we know borrowing money from us, no bank just @CAPS2, we realize we are not in our dream resort, more like a nightmare. We've all but given up and lost faith in actually having a "@CAPS3 vacation" and have given up on each other. We're done and don't want to have anything to do with each other or this nightmare anymore. This nightmare ruined what we thought we were, and we stopped seeing each other as a happy couple and more like two people who completely despised each other. The next day I decided to call @CAPS1 Bank to see what happened to the @CAPS1 account, and it turned out that I forgot my @CAPS1 password to access the @CAPS1 account. I kept getting the wrong password, so they locked the @CAPS1 account to make sure someone was trying to break into it. I can't even describe how stupid I felt at the time. I know that when I come back with the news, even though it looks like everything is going to be okay, it's not. When I got back to the hotel, I was nervous as soon as I walked into the room. I started packing @CAPS1 stuff and when he noticed what I was doing he asked me where I was going and I replied "luxury". Immediately his face lit up and he asked "how to" and immediately after I explained to him what had happened he started laughing and hugged me. As soon as I saw the smile on his face and heard the laughter, I knew things were going to be okay between us eventually. We finally have the money to rent a car and get to our dream destination. When we arrived at the hotel, everything went well, we laughed and laughed and really enjoyed it. I can honestly say that even with all these horrible circumstances, I enjoyed the trip. I am a firm believer that everything happens for a reason, and that reason led to a week full of laughter and true happiness.
Laughter is a necessity for survival in this crazy and beautiful world. This is something we have all our lives. As humans, we grow old and eventually die, but laughter never. It's there forever. Laughter is often called "the best medicine," why shouldn't it be? It brings joy to the sad, relief to the burdened, and life to the depressed. The best part about laughing is that it is total and unchangeable freedom! No one will ever pay for a drop of laughter. Laughter, on the other hand, is also contagious. A smile, a back of the head, and a destructive laugh can make an entire room sick from this glorified epidemic. Laughter is the best release. When I was younger, I had a neighbor named @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON1 is an older man who spends most of his time at his carpenter shop. He never talked to anyone else on our street, nor did we try to strike up a conversation with him. Day in and day out, I would notice his little red pick-up leaving in the morning and coming back in the evening. His life seems to be more of a routine, and I'm curious to know why. @PERSON1 has a wife who also became a vampire for the rest of us. That's totally fine, because to us, she's a monster. Numerous times, footballs have been kicked into her yard, purely by chance, and she'd come out of her quiet house, yelling, and waving in our direction. She even left a note on my front door telling them to "take good care of your lawn". I feel sorry for @PERSON1 having to live with that woman. There seemed to be something wrong with her voice, as if she was deaf. That aspect of her life has always made me feel a little sad for her. Being different may be one possible explanation for why she treats others in this way. I will never forget the day the ambulance stopped in front of their perfectly peaceful house. I sat on the front porch and watched silently as the medical staff came into the house. Soon after, I heard the little red pickup coming from the road. I know, as far as others on @ORGANIZATION1 are concerned, this is not part of the routine. About @NUM1 minutes later, a body was put on a stretcher. My heart sank. Even though I was young, I knew the importance of the white sheets that hover over a person. @PERSON1 is very stealthy after his wife's death. No one can blame him for that. He lost the love of his life; he lost his routine. My family discussed and decided to bring him meals. Food was never anything particularly fancy, just something that would keep him going. I've never seen anyone appreciate it so much. We know to stay away from his lawn, though. His wife loved it and he must have felt she was still attached to it. He was lonely and my family wanted to be by his side. Shortly after we brought our meals, my sister and I started walking his small, white, fluffy dog and invited him over for dinner, just as our mom allowed it. He became more like a grandfather than a neighbor. One day my friends and I were playing football on the side street outside. It was sunny and warm outside. Life is good. As I run around, I can feel youthful energy pulsing in my veins. For its part, the ball rolled into @ORGANIZATION2's yard. We all hesitated when we saw his door open. He looked fidgety and frustrated as he slowly bent down to pick up our ball. I winced, knowing that I would hear about it from my parents later. Then the accident happened and @PERSON1 started laughing. That kind of laugh, one might be considered crazy for being so happy. That tearful smile. Not knowing what to do, my friends and I started giggling to ourselves. @PERSON1 throws the ball to us and goes back inside. His laughter is a clear signal that @ORGANIZATION2's sad and unhappy souls are relieved. Laughter has meant a lot to me since then. Laughter can lead you directly to a person's soul. It can be a connection between people. Without laughter, life would be boring. Once it is brought into your life, it has the power to heal and start over. That's exactly what it did for @ORGANIZATION2. Through laughter, he was brought back to life.
So one day I was at home babysitting my little brother. It's been a super boring day. So went to check my email and I got my boyfriend's email. I was so excited to talk to him because my phone was taken. I opened it and it was a breakup email. This is shocking. I want to cry. So I called my mom from my home phone and asked my best friend @PERSON1 if she could come over. My mom said yes. I called my best friend @PERSON1, told her what happened, and asked her to come over. At this point, my eyes were about to cry. @PERSON1 agreed to come over! @PERSON1 is my best friend in the world! She always knew what to do and spoke up when I was upset. I have been waiting for her for a long time. When she was out doing things, her mother always took forever. She finally came to my house and gave me a big hug! We always support each other. I was always there when all @CAPS1's boyfriends dumped her, so it feels good to have her with me this time. I haven't had a boyfriend like her. So we went to my room and I was still crying. I can't stop. Like a river running down my face. Being dumped is a really scary feeling. He's the best boyfriend ever, so he's very different from me. @PERSON1 just sitting there texting. I'm wondering why you're just texting you should comfort me. I didn't want to say so I didn't say it. So we started talking and we decided to go to the mall. That's always a fun place. So we asked my mom. She just got home. She said no. Back then I really didn't want to be anywhere better than any home. So we went back to my room and I cried again. So @PERSON1 started talking bad about my ex. I know it's not true, but it's really funny. We both laughed so hard and I started to feel better! Yay @PERSON1 making up stupid ex-boyfriend jokes! Laughing is the best way to make everything better!
The thought of seeing him and hearing his laughter makes me laugh. I started to accept the fact that it was an urge I couldn't resist any longer. His sense of humor is the best I've ever encountered, and it drives my heart wild. For me, the best part of a relationship is getting to know each other and exploring the little things that make that person who they are. One trait I'm always looking for is someone's sense of humor, and I thrive when it's easy to find. My story happened nearly a year ago, and my freshman year was coming to an end. I have a new memory suitcase that I plan to take with me, but have one more to add. On a particularly ordinary day, I walked into art class only NUM1 seconds late. The air is filled with the musty smell of rain and old paint, which I'm used to. Instinct told me to sit down, so I blocked out the rest of the world with my headphones, and I did. I paused my music to let my surroundings come into focus. A highly ironic voice came from in front of me. "@CAPS1 gone! You're late." Teacher @CAPS2 moved all our seats and I couldn't help but laugh. However, my seat hasn't changed, the only new changes are the people sitting around me. During class, I greet familiar faces with a smile. The teacher went on to talk about art-related topics that I went far beyond, so I habitually paid vague attention. I focus more on the person sitting in front of me. I've never spoken to this boy, but there's something really interesting about him. In class that day, Damai said a few words. As the next day approached, I continued my usual pattern of entering the room and sitting in the same place. It occurred to me that a stranger would be sitting in front of me. He turned and went into the room and sat down. @CAPS2 I forgot what got me excited. Today is a free work day, a time to socialize and work at our own pace. A great opportunity to learn something unrelated to art. I introduced myself casually, trying to put personality in my words. His presentation was far less enthusiastic. His lack of interest made me try harder. I started to be myself and act as if I had known him for years, even though his name was completely new to me. That's when I got his interest and the conversation started. By the end of the day, I hadn't done any of the work I was supposed to do, but I couldn't bring myself to care. I just met such a tempting new guy. Every day goes in a similar fashion, but I taught myself a good balance of work and conversation. I can't get enough of this person I just let into my life. Every word he said interested me, every word attracted me. I'm pretty sure everyone in the room knows how funny I find him because my laughter often fills the room. It didn't take long for me to really like him and everything he said was hysterical. After a few weeks, class time wasn't enough for us, and he decided to call me. I also got his interest. So the time we spend talking doesn't stop at the end of school, but spills over into our phone conversations. Time passed again, and it became routine to talk to him often. I no longer have to act like I've known him for years. When I started to feel comfortable, over a month and a half had passed in our relationship. Although, with familiarity comes a sense of doubt. I started opening up to him nicely, but didn't get the same reward. I would tell him a little about my past and he would joke about it; I would explain my point of view and he would pretend to have the same opinion. I've never laughed so much in such short days, but it's time to feel more and not pretend to be hysterical. I want to be able to tell him personal things, but also get something from him. I'm starting to realize that I'm going deep into shallow water. The laughter in my relationship clouded my judgment of the person behind the humor. I can't get in touch with him except for simple things. I still want him to be a part of my life and still enjoy his company, but I don't have to dig deeper. Time for me to find new waters to swim in.
One day, on a stormy night, I went to the woodshed to get some wood. The wind moved the trees, and all the coyotes in the distance barked at the moon. I take one piece at a time, trying to make sure the pile doesn't fall on me. As I watched my steps, I lost my footing on a small cylindrical log about a foot long and hit my head. My brother came out to find out what took me so long and reached my body in a coma. He took me into the shop attached to the wooden shed and turned on the stove to warm me from the cold. In doing so, he accidentally locked the door from the outside, locking him and me in the store. When I woke up from the drowsiness with a splitting headache, all I remembered was the rain beating against the side of the wooden shed. @CAPS2 sat next to me with a sad expression on his face and a little bit of shock. He told me what happened when the door was locked and how we couldn't get out until morning. I looked around for something to close the door, but couldn't find anything. My parents couldn't hear us in the storm because they fell asleep and we were helpless no matter what we tried. So we decided to make up stories and tell jokes to pass the time until dawn. When we made a game called @CAPS1, we found that we had a lot of similar interests and we laughed at the same jokes. When we laugh, time seems to fly by, as if we are in a time warp. After three hours, we all seemed hungry and I had a few snacks in my pocket. So we sat by the fireside eating, telling jokes about our friends and parents, and the laughter cheered us up for another three hours. After a while, we begin to hear the storm begin to leave the sky, like a ghost leaving this world to the afterlife. We started making fun of different movies, they were actors. I started talking about how big @PERSON1's ears are and we both started laughing uncontrollably, then he came back to me and told me how big @ORGANIZATION1's lips were and I couldn't breathe. We looked out the hole in the store and saw the morning dew on the grass and the birds chirping in the trees, and I knew it wouldn't be long before we were spotted. As we waited for our parents to come to us, we looked at each other and said thank you. We all know it doesn't mean all the time I'm trying to get us out of the store or @CAPS2 pulling me into the store, no, it's for the time we spend and laugh together. It brings us closer than ever and reminds us of the laughter we spent together rather than a night of disaster and horror. We've cherished that memory since it happened, and while we @MONTH1 sometimes bicker and make fun of each other over the tiniest of indignities, we know deep down we do it out of love.
@PERSON1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Going out with friends is the best @CAPS2 of my life if it's an adventure or just @CAPS1 time @CAPS3 going out. My buddy @PERSON2 was fishing for sturgeon for the first time in my life, I didn't know him for a long time because I just moved to a new school, so I just met him and thought he was a cool guy, he invited I went fishing with him, so I decided to give it a try. We woke up after only two hours of sleep the night before because we were busy playing @CAPS1 time all night. The alarm went off at @TIME2, we were exhausted, we got the boat ready, we were on our way to the @LOCATION1 river, where we went to unload the boat, the coldest I have ever experienced, not sure Will I have fun because I'm soaking wet and cold and tired and finally the sun is out and it's starting to warm up and we're on the water before @TIME1 and polls ready. We took the boat to where we were going to fish and everyone said we were stupid to go to that place because it wasn't @CAPS1 but my friend's dad is one of the best fishermen I've ever met so I went along Of course they taught me some advice and before I knew it we were catching fish with @CAPS1 'ol time. By noon it was already lunch time but no one really wanted to eat it because we caught so many fish so we waited a while and finally got to lunch talking about all the fish we caught and all the fun we had .As the days passed, as the temperature got lower and the sun got lower and lower, we caught another bunch of fish, it was almost time to get in the water, so we were all restrained and went back to the dock to load the boat and trailer home, On the way home all we could talk about was fishing that day, how fun it was and how many fish we caught.
Laughter @CAPS1 is like a drug that works better than any other pain reliever or antidepressant. It makes angry people happy and happy people ecstatic. Watching a funny movie is one of the best ways to get a good laugh, and it's the more common way. Whenever I'm asked about your favorite comedy from @CAPS10, I say "@CAPS2 with @PERSON1". I remember the first time I watched a @PERSON1 movie. I'm about NUM1 years younger; I'm in second grade, it's the end of the school year, and I can't wait to get out and have fun with @DATE1. It was any ordinary boring day @CAPS7 school and I remember walking home hoping to do something fun when I got home. I walked in the door and saw my brother watching @CAPS3 and I asked him @CAPS10 he was watching but he just ignored me so I went to my room to do my homework. I walked into the living room after finishing my homework, threw myself on the sofa beside my brother with a thud, asked @CAPS10 if he was watching it for the second time, he sighed angrily and said a movie called "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" is about to start. In the first five minutes we were already @CAPS1, not just giggling or chuckling, all @CAPS1 tears rolling down our faces. I remember saying to my bro "@CAPS6 is the funniest movie I've ever seen!" @CAPS7 at the end of the movie my bro and I couldn't stop citing this movie, every @NUM2 seconds we're quoting it, it's Nonstop laughter. We sat on the couch patiently waiting to see @CAPS10's next wish and hope it was another movie as incredible as the one we just saw, and sure enough after the ad break we learned it was a @PERSON1 marathon, then move on to "@CAPS8 @CAPS9". The beginning of this movie is just as funny as the last one, with @PERSON1 doing something totally silly but absolutely hilarious like barking @CAPS7 some dogs with a megaphone. We're fed up with the @CAPS6 guys, my brother is rolling and crying on the floor at @CAPS1 and I'm still waiting for what happens next at @CAPS10. Halfway through the movie, mom came home from work and she walked in and saw my brother and I were hysterical and she said "Is @CAPS10 funny?" We just pointed @CAPS7 to @CAPS3 when @PERSON1 started rolling down the hill. Soon our moms are watching it too, @CAPS1 as hard as we are. I had so much fun and really enjoyed being with my family, @CAPS10 Can I ask for more? How about another @PERSON1 movie? Next up is a movie called "@CAPS12 @CAPS13 @CAPS14", totally ridiculous, totally hilarious, is @CAPS10 more fun than a fat guy trying to be @CAPS14? We continued watching the movie until dinnertime, inhaling as fast as we could, then running back to the couch to continue watching. When it was time to go to bed, I remember staying up late in our bunk beds reciting quotes from movies until our mom came in and told us to keep quiet. I don't know how we sleep @CAPS7 after @CAPS1 all night. Movies left us speechless, we've never seen more fun @CAPS2, they made us laugh, made us cry, made our stomachs hurt, and through it all, my brother and I got closer. By @CAPS6 day my brother and I can sit and watch one of these movies and laugh and remember all the times we've seen them before and all the laughs we've shared, I swear half of my childhood was @CAPS1 and @ PERCENT1 where @CAPS1 is from those movies. These movies helped me develop funny personalities, they shaped what I think is humorous @CAPS10, they made me realize that laughter is an important aspect of our lives after sharing such a funny thing with someone I love, Without it, life would be as dull and dull as a meaningless mass of clay. Have you ever had a day without @CAPS1? If so, you know how long and dull it can get without the need for something in there to bring you a smile. Laughter brings people together, brings out the best in us, and when you're angry or upset, the best way to get rid of your anger or frustration is to laugh.
I think laughter should be an important part of everyone's life. For example; laughter brings me and my mom closer than ever. Once we were in her camper van and we hadn't been together for a whole month, so we just said it all and laughing was one of them. We were laughing at dentures, we laughed so hard, and I made my mom bite her pants. We talked about dentures for about an hour. I think laughing makes everyone feel better about themselves, and that's what I am. Laughing is a great way to show someone that you know how to have fun, and that's not a bad thing. For a person, knowing how to laugh and have fun is a great way to start a friendship or even a relationship. Another example; @CAPS1 I'm with all my friends and I never stop laughing and I love it because I'm not sad. @CAPS1 I was a little girl in my family and I went to Disneyland and it was the craziest moment of my life and there wasn't a moment @CAPS1 I didn't laugh with them all. One thing I don't understand is that at least @CAPS1 someone said or did something funny, how could someone not laugh. Going back to the story of me and my mom, we were all tired from a long day and the dentures made us both laugh and laugh it was the best time I had with my mom in my opinion. I keep saying to everyone I know, "Live your life as much as you can, you don't know how long you're going to live." I think those words are very true, and you live, laugh. My grandfather was funny to @CAPS1, he was in a good mood and always made everyone around him laugh. Once he saw this commercial, it was a plastic grandpa singing "I'm not your dad, I'm your grandpa" about four times, and since he heard it, he sang it again at home. In conclusion, laughter is the best way to make anything feel better. So @CAPS1 your blue is just thinking about something that always makes you laugh and laugh.
Well since you guys want to hear an interesting story, I have a couple, but I'm only going to tell you one of them. Started this one on my @DATE1. I live out at @LOCATION1 and get pretty hot at @DATE1. I lived there for a few summers @ CAPS1 and I know how hot it gets. This @DATE1 I want to have a pool of fun and keep calm. But I don't want a swimming pool, just I can have hangouts. I hope to get everyone a very nice swimming pool. I already know those kind of costing a bunch of money, however, I want to get a big pool @CAPS1 where I can have all my friends come over, party, swim and play my favorite game MAR-together polo.I go to talk My thoughts on my pool dad. He said "he'd love to get the @DATE1 pool" because he'd come to party and swim with me, but like I said @CAPS2 is what my dad said expensive and @NUM1. I told him I would pay half of what it calculated to cost. My dad finally agreed with me @CAPS1 Let's go to Walmart and see if there is a pool. There are some cheap small ones, and a lot of huge expensive ones, but, I'm looking for a suitable one in the middle, not small, not how much money. I found an eight hundred and it was perfect for what I was looking for. I'll just ask my dad if I can get this one. He said, "If I pay for this four hundred like the original deal, I can get it." Like I told him @NUM1 what I said I had to do, and @NUM1 what I needed to do. "We finally came to an agreement that we have to get the money first, @CAPS1 I go back to my house in @LOCATION1 to make a plan to make four hundred bucks, my dad is doing the same but he has a job @ CAPS1 it wasn't that hard for him to cause him to get paid. @NUM4 was a lot of hardship for me because I didn't have a job. @CAPS1 I decided to fix my bike and went around looking for whatever job was available. I went door to door to find one that needed to be around Any help with the house. I found a couple of people who needed something to do, @CAPS2 all agreed to pay me $50, @CAPS1 out of each I could get a hundred right off the bat.I had to haul A bunch of old twigs and junk. When I do I put my money in the savings pool for later I also go to this place called @ORGANIZATION1 and I'm good friends with one of their kids. I talked to him and he asked them, If I could do any work with a little cash. @CAPS2 said: "I can go to every tree and put a pink tag on it and @CAPS2 agreed to give me 85 bucks, I put the deal there, but, my bike Can't throw the tree planting mud here. My friend said, "I can trolley his little 50 buggy and put it in those tags on the tree." @CAPS1 I borrowed it and got 85 bucks, I gave my friend 10 because He asked me to borrow his buggy.I'm almost half way to my four hundred when I was thinking, I got @CAPS1 to buy this pool, I forgot my birthday was coming up and caught up tomorrow. I told my dad I wanted that pool for my birthday, @NUM5 was like "yes, I already know @CAPS1 I've bought it." I'm @CAPS1 glad I got my pool. Now I have like two hundred dollars to spend and I don't know what to buy. @CAPS1 I bought a bunch of food and stuff for the pool party. On my birthday, I invited a bunch of friends to my house and we all have parents.We have even parents.We decided to play Mar-Co polo. The reason I want to fight. My friend @PERSON1 @NUM6 dad who is a huge dick at play. I said MAR-CO and he rushed at me. I moved, but he persevered, he went straight to my pool wall and all the people in the pool came out. I'm laughing @CAPS1 it's hard, but I've also disrupted my career pool has broken. Luckily @PERSON1 @NUM6 dad is rich and @CAPS1 he bought me another pool. He saw how crushing me was my birthday because he knew I wanted the pool. He also bought a new bike and it was sick. On @DATE1 I had a blast at my pool and if I wasn't at the pool, I was at my new bike.
@CAPS4 - @CAPS1 Laughter @CAPS2 a @CAPS3 I can't imagine where my life would be now, who my friends would be, or @CAPS1 I would get through my day without the laughter. Laughter has created one of the most important relationships of my life so far. Laughter is what unites us, it gives each of us something in common despite our differences. This has proven true in my life, especially for one guy, @CAPS4. I met @CAPS4 in one of my classes a year ago and we never really talked or knew each other until one day when she @CAPS2 I laughed. Just had a day in class doing a lab and of course I immediately laughed when I saw this short ginger girl twitching on a bar steal. This girl was wriggling in a stolen spot, making awkward gestures and laughing, it broke me, no one thought it was funny, they were just staring at us, you girls are crazy" .others asked what she was doing, @CAPS4 was hysterical, couldn't form actual words, I said 'Hi guys, she's a dinosaur from @CAPS7 and @CAPS8,' I have a tender head and little arms.. ....I don't think the program was very successful hmm...'" @CAPS4 responded with pointing at me and shaking his head, I know it was a beautiful, laughter-filled start, @CAPS3. There are countless times the laughter is I'm with @CAPS4. When we hang out, we seem to have an effortless sense of humor, not just ourselves, but other people, even complete strangers. The best example I can give is when we're at @ORGANIZATION1, Birthday with two of our best friends at a hotel with an indoor water park. Our time there was already full of laughter, photos and good times, but when we were all dressed up, @TIME1 was the highlight 2 nights without sleep, lots of sugar and energy drinks @CAPS2 our little quartet is crazier than usual, giving @CAPS4 the courage to wander around very attractive complete strangers to say hello to the birthday girl, me .@CAPS4 and I started laughing and fell to the ground, at which point most people would think these @NUM1 girls are weird I'm leaving now, but this guy was having a good time lol even joining us. Yeah @CAPS4 Contagious laughter best memory maybe when we went to see @CAPS1 to @CAPS14 your @CAPS15 trust me when I said the night could easily go down the hill very quickly. Basically @CAPS4 Yelling at the movie, joking, texting, making us laugh, so all the things that get you kicked out of the movie and make people around you angry. But somehow, everyone around us ate her Humorous, thought it was hilarious, they laughed with us. It was one of the best nights in a movie I've ever seen, I've never had an adventure like this. The way they let laughter affect my life is what gave me this Crazy and humorous amazing pals. @CAPS4 is one of those people who made you realize that laughter is what unites us and is something to do. So go ahead and act like your @NUM2 even if yours @NUM3, you never know who you @MONTH1 laughs at and what kind of friends you can make."
My sister @PERSON3 and my niece @PERSON2 just came down from @LOCATION2. It has been three years since I last saw them. When my brother @PERSON1, my sister @CAPS1 and I went to my dad for the weekend, we all decided to go camping by the sea. We all got up early that morning and loaded everything into the car. My dad and brother did most of the work when our girls were ready. After everything was packed, we went to @LOCATION1. @LOCATION1 is a small town surrounded by mountains with just a few houses, a park, a river and forest. My father built a log cabin there a few years ago. It has a wood stove in one corner, bunk beds that take up almost half of the cabin, and a counter that is always stocked with all the food and supplies we want to bring. We were messing with each other throughout the ride, giving each other positions, claws, and pulling everyone elses harness so it would tighten in the chest. We also shared funny stories to @PERSON3 about each other's attempts to embarrass them. As we hit the gravel road, my dad started letting the car slide backwards and left a fourth scar on @CAPS1. While everyone else was laughing, she was screaming. @TIME1 We all decided to go to bed early so we could be up before noon and ready to go to the beach. @CAPS1 is the only one who really wants to sleep. Everyone but @CAPS1 is trying to make fun of the rest of @TIME1. While everyone else is taking @CAPS1, they are yelling at them to go to sleep and be quiet. @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 started yelling just to piss her off. When everything is quiet, one of them will yell and sleep like a baby @CAPS5 @CAPS6. @CAPS1 will start yelling while everyone else just laughs. @TIME1 was one of the funniest nights out there. Everything about @TIME1 is hilarious, but it's not that funny to watch now, it's just stupid. I believe we get the most out of @TIME1 as possible. It has become one of my most vivid memories. We all looked back and laughed.
Laughing is almost always a good thing, mostly because when people laugh it means they are having fun or something is funny. Sometimes it can be very beneficial, like when someone is feeling unhappy, people always try to make them laugh to make them feel better. When I confront someone I don't know, my first instinct is usually to try and make them laugh. Laughter has always been a source of enjoyment and still is today, and we now have a definite advantage over a hundred years ago. Like now @CAPS2 we want to laugh we just need to pick up the remote and turn on @CAPS1, we can even choose what we want to laugh, we even have the ability to find things to laugh on the internet. Sometimes people go to comedy clubs to see stand-up comedians. Comedy and laughter go hand-in-hand, and from the first time someone laughs, comedy is born and will always be there until joy becomes illegitimate. I remember when my parents had a new friend over, the only thing I could hear when they were at my house was the sound of my parents and our new guest laughing. Soon, new guests ended up more frequently. Laughter is also a very important part of any relationship as it makes it more pleasant to be around the person who makes the other person laugh, thus making them like them more sometimes, @CAPS2 You have noticed that men usually try to make women laugh in order to try to make them laugh That member of the opposite sex likes them. This and the accompanying physical attraction help to start the relationship. I have groups but am not sure that laughter is healing, sometimes I like to laugh when I'm not feeling well, so @MONTH1 might be therapeutic for me. @CAPS2 This is worse than what people have been treated for for years. Sometimes people even laugh @CAPS2 the subject is not funny, they just do it because otherwise the situation would be a little awkward and maybe a little out of place. Everyone has a different laugh, some are louder than others, some have a sense of rhythm you feel better, and it can also help you feel closer to someone. Laughing is just one of life's greatest joys, and we should all take the opportunity to sit down and laugh.
LIBRARY @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Past @DATE1 I decided to get a volunteer job at the library instead of sitting at home doing nothing. Some @MONTH1 say the library isn't a fun place, but for my best friend @PERSON1 and me, it's filled with countless and humorous adventures. There was a time with the creepy stalker we like to call @CAPS3 @CAPS4, there was a time when we decided to be super spies, and different people decided we wanted to be loud and didn't like to tell us. We were in that Libraries work hard, but who says you can't laugh at work? @CAPS3 @CAPS4, as the name suggests, is the guy who likes @CAPS3, but the @CAPS2 guys are hilarious. One day @PERSON1 and I were just finishing work and we were waiting for her grandma to pick us up when some stranger sat down and started staring at @ORGANIZATION1 like he knew her. He then asked us countless questions like "@CAPS6 your name?" and "@CAPS7 do you have a boyfriend?". As me, I didn't say anything and kept letting @PERSON1 do the talking. He also kept telling us how beautiful we were, which made us laugh even more because @CAPS2 was getting weirder. Since his nickname is @CAPS3 @CAPS4, you can only guess @CAPS6 he asked us next. Oh yes, he asked if we wanted to start the @CAPS3 line in the middle of the library. Thank goodness @PERSON1's grandma showed up just in time to save us, we've only seen @CAPS3 @CAPS4 once or twice since he moved out shortly after meeting @CAPS2. Being a spy is one of the hardest and funniest things @PERSON1 and I have ever done in the library. It all started when we noticed the lovely guy @CAPS2 was sitting alone at a table and we could clearly see some bookshelves not far away. Being an adventurous person, I persuaded @PERSON1 to let me use her iPhone to take photos of @CAPS2 people without his knowledge. Now some people will think it's a bit of a stalker, I just thought it was an opportunity to improve my spying skills. After successfully getting a couple of undetected photos, I decided to take another one and head back to the other side of the library to see what @CAPS6 we have. I was about to take a photo when I made eye contact with the person who wasn't supposed to see me. Then we had to abort the mission and climb all the way to the other side of the library so he wouldn't see us again so he couldn't question why we were taking his picture. Funny the photos aren't that great, it just shows how bad spies we actually are. Usually libraries are quiet, right? Well, @PERSON1 and I have a little question for people who want the library to be quiet. Once, a beautiful middle-aged woman was doing her homework at a table not far from where we were sitting. We watched some videos on @ORGANIZATION1's iPhone and we turned the speakers down. Ms @CAPS2 very rudely told us that if we were to raise the volume, she wanted to move somewhere else because she needed to get her work done. No one said please or thank you as we walked away. On a similar occasion, an elderly woman sitting a few shelves away from us also asked us to be quiet so she could finish her book. @CAPS2 This old lady uses her manners but her tone is very rude. In both cases, @PERSON1 and I started laughing shortly after. @CAPS2 just to show how "good" people can be when they want to get something done. Everything about @DATE1 was one of the funniest summers I've had. Whether we're being talked to by someone trying to start a @CAPS3 line, caught trying to spy on a cute guy, or even berated by someone who isn't so nice, we'll always find @CAPS1 somewhere. Not many people can say that the library used to be a place where they almost pissed their pants laughing, but @PERSON1 and I can.
Coleslaw "@CAPS1 get out of here before they wake up @CAPS2." @PERSON2 said standing up, wrapped in a blanket. I did the same and brushed the grass on the pillow. Disappointment hit me, I actually wanted to see the meteor shower. "@CAPS3 coming to @PERSON5?" I asked, looking at my old friend with new eyes. "@CAPS4!" @CAPS14 said with pure anger. All of us should be in bed at 10, which is @NUM1. This is the fifth week of @CAPS5 @CAPS6. We made new friends and made new friends. @PERSON2 and I are @CAPS15 to help disabled children, @PERSON5 is @CAPS15 to fight all @CAPS15 all the lovely guys @DATE1 works. I couldn't help but make @CAPS16 pissed off when @PERSON2 and I walked to @CAPS9's camper van to @LOCATION1 to return her sleeping bag. This is the third time @PERSON5 has been rude to me @DATE2 and I don't understand what her problem is. Probably jealous, @CAPS16 @PERSON5 dislikes @PERSON3. My mind runs a thousand miles per minute and I know it's going to be a @TIME1. We arrive at @LOCATION1's trailer and open the creaking door. @CAPS15 @CAPS14 Lying on the couch in pajamas. Her daughter @PERSON1 is safe on the bed. "@CAPS7 girls!" @CAPS14 exclaimed, "@PERSON5 of @CAPS8?" "@CAPS9 watching the shower with her real friends on the court" I said, making air quotes with my fingers. @PERSON2 rolls his eyes and grabs his pillow and blanket again. "@CAPS10! @PERSON4, can we sleep here tonight?" "@CAPS11!" @PERSON4 said, "@CAPS12 come in and lock the door behind @CAPS3." We walked into the trailer and locked the door. @PERSON4 made some chocolate milk as we fell on the bed. @CAPS13, ladies! @PERSON4 started handing us each a full glass of delicious milk, I wonder what gossip! Why is everyone mad at @ORGANIZATION1? @CAPS14 is mad at me because of you Daughter likes me more," @PERSON2 said, shrugging and taking a swig. "@CAPS15 that's it," I said, "@CAPS16 is a long story for another part. So I talked to her about @PERSON3 yesterday. @CAPS3 know the cute hardcore guy @PERSON3?" They nodded, "@CAPS17 I Tell her about a conversation @CAPS20 I had @CAPS8 I told a @CAPS18 stupid joke out of pity @CAPS20 laughed and said 'that's cool' I'm excited @CAPS18 and @CAPS14 is laughing at me because of me Jumping up and down." "That doesn't sound like much." @PERSON2 asserted. @CAPS19! @CAPS14 then went on to tell me that @PERSON3 isnt and will never be like me. @CAPS14 said @CAPS20 just thinks Im stupid and feels sorry for me. I almost yelled, I mean I loudly agree with her @CAPS16 In my head I'm screaming like crazy @CAPS20 Love me! We're going to get married one day!! I deciphered his words with my heart!" I clapped my palm on chest, pretending to cry. Then I couldn't help @CAPS16 laughing. All three of us laughed hysterically at my fake enthusiasm. "@CAPS3 should be suitable for a skit by @CAPS22!" @PERSON4 said, gasping for laughter. Suddenly @PERSON2 stopped laughing and said, "I @CAPS18 want some coleslaw! Random @CAPS23!" "I can go get some coleslaw now." @PERSON4 shrugged. "I can go buy some @PERSON3-slaw now!" I laughed. The crowd burst into new laughter. I think how much humor I lose every time I retell this story in the future. How do I know I can't do the justice I deserve. The laughter began to subside. We sip milk silently and think. As we did, I looked out the window and saw @PERSON5 coming across the field. I groaned and got up to open the door. "@CAPS24!" @PERSON4 said, "then turn off the lights. Anyone who hates my @NUM2 year old daughter doesn't need to be here." I turned off the lights and walked to the @CAPS9 bed. @PERSON5 went to the door and tried the handle. When @CAPS14 found out it was locked, @CAPS14 knocked gently on the door. Then @CAPS14 waits. We buried our faces in pillows to suppress our uncontrollable laughter. Give up, @CAPS14 walks away through the gravel. We all laughed and couldn't help ourselves. Looking at the clock, @PERSON4 took a breath, it's @NUM2 morning, @CAPS5 will start in @NUM4 hours. Time to get some sleep. @PERSON4 went to @CAPS9 to her bed while @PERSON2 said goodnight to me and rolled over. The trailer goes quiet. Lying @CAPS15 I thought about the happiness we created. I know @ORGANIZATION1 will be @CAPS25. @CAPS16 It's something I learned from her anger. That @TIME1 I found out that if your happiness makes someone angry, it's @CAPS15's fault. Be happy and enjoy life! Anger stems from the joy of others. So why not @CAPS26? It beats the alternatives, doesn't it?
It was in the middle of @DATE1, I was ten, bored, and sleeping all the time. Even though I was ten years old, I was still playing with toys and that was the highlight of most days. All of my 5th grade friends are on vacation surfing at @LOCATION1 or roasting marshmallows with their families over the roaring camp fire while I'm stuck at home doing nothing. This is going to be the most boring @DATE1 break anyone has ever had until one day at @DATE3. The day I met @PERSON1 was the day I met my best friend. I know @PERSON1 because of my brother and his sister who have a crush on each other and want to start dating. That's great for our parents, but it also means her brother @PERSON1 and I have to keep up too. I remember the first day being so uncomfortable and stiff. I could tell he didn't like me and he just chuckled when I made jokes here and there. But I must have liked him more and more over time because after a few days he was laughing at almost every joke I made. These jokes eventually lead to a friendship that can last a lifetime. This really started when his birthday came late to @DATE2. He's having a small birthday party with me, his family and his good friend @CAPS1. @CAPS1 can't stay overnight, so it's just me and @PERSON1. I didn't get much sleep that night, but it was fine for me because why I didn't sleep was a good enough reason not to. We spent half the night talking and laughing, really just getting to know each other better. Anyone with eyes can tell that we are becoming close friends. Even after our siblings were separated, we still hung out like the two of us. The real test of our friendship came shortly after his birthday when @PERSON1 and his family moved to @LOCATION2 where they came from. After they moved, I still had contact with him and we talked to each other a lot. When I got a call from @PERSON1, they had been gone for about a year and told me they were moving back. I had a lot of questions to answer, but his connection was so bad that the call hung up quickly after I heard him say that. There was a lot left unsaid, and my overall mood was decidedly happy, but also a little confused. Is he really back? This is the question that keeps me wondering. A few days later, I got another call from him, and this time we actually had a chance to talk. It's true that he'll be back, but it turns out not forever. @PERSON1 is back in @NUM1 years, having fun and being best friends, but his parents already want to move back to @LOCATION2 again. This time was different because he didn't come back. He would stay there forever, with no thought of looking back. @PERSON1 left my life as soon as I walked in the door. He's halfway across the country now, has new friends, and starts a new life, probably laughing at the jokes of new friends.
Laughing can be a good thought, and sometimes it can be a sad thing. When my family and I go to @LOCATION3, we go on a date for my two younger brothers. We left a little early so we could have some vacation. When we reached our destination, we took the fairy to a small island in @LOCATION1. On the road, my sister @PERSON1 acted like she was on the Titanic, she had skirts and everything. My brother, dad and I couldn't help laughing at her because she was eighteen. @CAPS5 We were at the uncle's house when we were there and they had a puppy and she ran out of there and she fell so hard that my family and I didn't want to laugh at her, but it was kind of hard. After our lunch with our uncle and aunt we went to the military base where @PERSON1 won't keep our hands off the jets here. My family and I find it funny that @PERSON1 is 18 and the rest of us are 14 or under, so I guess we just like to pick @LOCATION2. When we went to @LOCATION3 it was the night before a boy date, we were family and we went on an underground tour of @LOCATION3. When it was all done we went to the gift shop that appeared at the end of the tour, @PERSON1 bought a pin with something not so good on it, after she bought it, @CAPS4 saw it and she threw it away , because she doesn't like things like this, but @PERSON1 took it out of the trash. After that we were all hungry so we went to this place where they sell some real @CAPS1 tacos and we got an order and we were seated well and we also bought some sodas, My other sister and I took a bite of food and then took a cup of it @CAPS5 @PERSON1 said "oh my gosh there are two really handsome guys there" @CAPS5 sierra drank the biggest tapattao and I Can't remember what @PERSON1 said, but she said something and it made me Sera laugh, we spit food all over the floor @LOCATION2, she got up and screamed. So of course the parents and family didn't want to be there anymore because we embarrassed them so we all started walking up to the car just as @PERSON3 uncle yelled @PERSON1 don't fall cause thin is where I fell you listen It was so funny that the sister was behind us. What's more fun is that Sierra and I just started to stop laughing and gosh we've been laughing and getting in the car. All the way home @PERSON1 was mad at us because we were still laughing at her but we went to the beach and she was past. I think when we went to the beach we started to connect more because neither of us were on our phones, a lot of pictures rock climbing was fun, we left @PERSON1 and my brother @CAPS2 a few times @CAPS5 @PERSON2 trying to keep putting I threw it in the water so I'll push him back @CAPS5 @PERSON2 threw a rock at @LOCATION2 and she fell. We were all shaking it while we were all taking pictures on the @CAPS1 log, @PERSON1 sierra and I both fell and my arm hurt so we had to go to the doctor. A month after we got home, @CAPS4 took @PERSON1, sierra, aunty @PERSON4 and me to @CAPS3 on the ice and it was probably the best time of my life. Are @CAPS4 saying "I don't know what's more interesting @PERSON1 waving to an actor on ice who can't see her in the dark or on the show." @CAPS5 is what Auntie said "yes thanks @CAPS6 for letting me Sit next to her." @CAPS5 When the cartoon toy story came up on sierra, I said "look @PERSON1 what are you doing on the ice rink she thought we were talking about pigs, we're not little trolls, @CAPS4 and Aunty @PERSON4 was just laughing hilariously. When we got home we were all talking about it and laughing and she was pissed because she was always making fun of her because she was short but when it came to us she thought It was fun. There was a lot of laughter in our family and I can't wait to have more so that when I grow up, I'll have a lot of great memories around me and I'll still look back on it as I do now, I would say wow what a great time I grew up. When our family laughs together, I think that's when we really communicate
I have a friend whose name is @PERSON1. I know her because we are both in fifth grade and in the same class. We've been friends for about five or six years and it's a good friendship. About two years ago, at her fifteenth birthday party, she invited me and a few of her friends to spend the day at her father's house in @LOCATION1. The plan was to hang out, have fun, and do pretty much anything we wanted because it was her birthday. There is a swimming pool to swim, a flat screen TV to watch movies, lots of board games and lots of people to chat. On the morning of @DATE1, we all loaded up around noon and headed to her dad's apartment in @LOCATION1. After just @NUM1 minutes, we arrived at the apartment complex. We were all so excited to hang out all day and have a wonderful sleepover on @ORGANIZATION1's birthday. The moment the van stopped all five people including me, we unbuckled our seat belts as quickly as possible, got up from our seats and walked towards the house. Everyone unbuckled their seat belts except @CAPS4's friend @PERSON2. She thought she heard it, and felt the seat belt button click, but it never came. She tried to jump out of her seat while the seat belt was still on, but at the last second the seat belt grabbed her litter and jerked her back into position. She lay there with her arms by her sides, her head resting on the headrest, and groaned for ten seconds. It was one of many laughs that happened that day. Two full hours passed, and the five of us were chatting in the living room about what to do next. @PERSON1 suggested "@CAPS1 guys we should all go to the pool for a couple of hours, swim, tan." The rest of us for it considering maybe a hundred degrees outside, it's super sunny, sunny, and because it's @CAPS2 @PERSON1 birthday, she should be able to do whatever she wants. Then after the conversation, we all put on our swim suites, grabbed our towels, and whatever else we needed, and walked out the door. Little did we know, but the asphalt outside was boiling! Of course, we were all barefoot because we were just going to jump in the pool anyway. Then we all took a step down the asphalt, where you can only scream and yell. "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5! @CAPS4 feet are on fire!" @PERSON2 said. At that moment, we all agreed with her. As the asphalt was very hot, @PERSON2 started running towards the grass about 200 feet away. I would say 30 seconds later @PERSON2 finally got to the grass, all we heard. "@CAPS6!" We all looked up at @LOCATION2. She was lying on her back, and because the sprinkler had been turned on recently, she didn't know it, so her feet flew directly in front of her and landed on her back. We all started laughing, but at the same time running. I helped @PERSON2 get up and we all continued to the pool. I think you can guess other interesting things happened to @PERSON2.
@CAPS1 @DATE1 @CAPS2 My brother graduated @CAPS1 year and it was a great time in our lives. We had a lot of fun every day because like my brother no longer had rules, it made him more fun. When @DATE1 started, my brother and I went fishing with our friends almost every day. It's fun for all of us. We all have to hang out and keep in touch because in our small town there is not much to do but go to the lake for bass fishing. @CAPS2 He graduated and everyone around his family gave him gifts like money or gifts. However, my mother couldn't decide what she wanted to give him. @CAPS2 She saw that we were always going to the lake to fish and she had an idea that she would send my brother and a few of his friends to go fishing. My brother is very excited about her plan. They spent a lot of time finding a place for him and his friends to travel. They decided to go into the desert of @LOCATION1 and camp by a huge lake. I think it's a really cool project myself and I'm happy for my brother. Little did I know my brother was going to take me there. He told me who he planned to take a few weeks before departure. I am so excited! My brother said we would take our friend @PERSON1 on a trip with us, the witch is cool because he's a funny guy. He was very happy @CAPS2 and we told him he was going because he was more into bass fishing than us. @PERSON1 immediately ran to the garage to get his camping and fishing gear, just like @CAPS2 when we got home that night. Two weeks later, we all set off on a two-week trip to the desert east of @ORGANIZATION1. Our first day in the east of @ORGANIZATION1 and before we found where we were going, we went fishing in a huge reservoir. @PERSON1 almost caught a huge @NUM1" bass but the line on his rod broke. My brother and I laughed at him and he was angry. We spent our first night in the almost freeze-dried @LOCATION1 air by the roadside as we accidentally left a day early and our campsite line of sight was occupied by the campsite. We were unhappy about it at the time, but now we look back on that night with a lot of laughter. I had a great time for the next few days. We met some collage students from @ORGANIZATION1 who are really cool people to hang out with us around the campfire and tell jokes. We laughed for about half an hour @CAPS2 and one of them told us about some fun collage party happenings. @CAPS1 @DATE1 was a very funny @DATE1 full of laughter and joy.
Laughing is one of the happiest things in the world. Everyone can understand it and no one will say they don't like to laugh. It is human nature to want and need to connect with others; we are social beings, and laughter is the best way to connect with others. Laughing doesn't have a negative effect unless you're laughing at a rude comment, generally if people are laughing they say they're having a good time. People build relationships around experiences with others, such as dating. Having fun and laughing when two people are on a first date is to be expected and an important factor. Otherwise, when they separate from each other and leave only their thoughts, their impressions can make or break the relationship. This is why first impressions are so important. When two people recall the date just now, if they remember smiling and laughing, then they are likely to have positive memories of their experience and want to hang out again. Think about any experience you've ever had with another person. If you remember when you first met them, and how you felt afterwards, how you felt at the time, can tell you a lot about how the relationship developed. It's hard to meet new people, but you ask anyone how to start a conversation with a new friend, and they'll usually tell you, "make them laugh." It's a generic term that anyone can do. Last month, the basketball season started and I was playing on a completely different team from last year. Only half of the girls on my team were still here last year and I had to connect with girls younger than me and I didn't know. I started thinking about all the new girls, who I've connected with, and how I've become good friends with most of them now because of the laughter. Every day we get closer as we find ways to laugh at each other on the pitch. No matter how difficult @MONTH1's practice is, you'll never feel exhausted when someone makes you laugh. Life needs laughter to make life more livable. think about it. What's the fun in life if you can't laugh anymore? Imagine life if it has been like detention, never able to relax, relax and have a good time. Nobody is going to want that. People go crazy and laughter calms people down and softens them. It helps shape people's personalities and can also influence others. Laughter is like ripples in water, starting with one person and then expanding to anyone who touches its vicinity. Laughter is contagious, like @CAPS1 in @DATE1, bringing joy to you and those you can touch. Laughter is the foundation of happiness.
Whenever my parents ask me where I want to go during @DATE1, @LOCATION3 has been my go-to place. Rolling green hills, magnificent sunsets and thrilling thunderstorms are undoubtedly the main reasons I go, but the thought of seeing my @CAPS7 family again overwhelms all other reasons. The heart of my @LOCATION3 family has always been my @CAPS1 @CAPS2; with her friendly smile, caring personality and keen sense of humor, she makes friends and acquaintances wherever she goes. However, since we are hundreds of miles apart, I only see @CAPS1 @CAPS2 three times a year: my family drives to her house twice every @DATE1, and she drives to my grandparents' house for a few weeks at @DATE2. I cherish every moment with her, especially when she accidentally makes a fool of herself and causes hysteria. A few summers ago, @CAPS1 @CAPS2, my @CAPS7, I headed to @LOCATION2 with me to check out some antique and flower shops in town before dinner. We spent hours driving around town checking all of these stores for any gems @CAPS7 or @CAPS1 @CAPS2 that their outdated homes must have. After the first few hours, I lost interest; vintage shopping was never my hobby, and I'm going to spend an hour back at @LOCATION1 for a swim with my cousins. A few hours later, @CAPS7 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 spent most of their money on a few "treasures" and when we stumbled across a pizza place on the main street, we were exhausted and ready to go home. We drooled at the thought of a slice, but instead of going in, we ordered a pizza to take home to bake. In her white @ORGANIZATION2 pickup, my @CAPS1 pulled into the store's parking lot, leaving @CAPS7 and me inside while she picked up the pizza. When she came back a few minutes later, the smell of pizza wafting over the cab made us drool and the desire to go home grew exponentially. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Put the pizza in the back seat, grab the coffee, start the engine. We all got caught up in our own thoughts about sneaking pizza when the front tire of the pickup truck suddenly dropped and hit the road hard. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 nearly dropped her hot coffee on her lap while @CAPS7 panicked and grabbed the door handle reflexively. We were all flabbergasted and stunned when little kids tried to understand that @ORGANIZATION1 doesn't exist. Moments after the initial panic, we realized that @CAPS1 @CAPS2 accidentally drove over the curb. We laughed when poor @CAPS1 @CAPS2 had a red rose face and a bigger apologetic smile than @ORGANIZATION3. She drives carefully, laughing hysterically with tears in her sea blue eyes with @CAPS7 and me. Our hysterical bout lasted a few minutes, during which time @CAPS1 @CAPS2 had pulled into an empty parking lot; none of us wanted to take another unplanned adventure down the road. I wiped the tears from the corners of my eyes and tried to hold back the laughter to get myself back together. @CAPS7 is still giggling and wiping the mascara off his face. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 doing the same thing and turning to look at me. She locked her bright eyes on mine and smiled as sweetly as she could, and we were even more hysterical. After the next hysterical episode of @CAPS28, we're finally able to get back on the street with the rest of civilisation. As @CAPS1 @CAPS2 cautiously exited, I exploded, "@CAPS27 stop running to the side of the road!" @CAPS28 elicited another burst of laughter. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 has been by my side with laughter and tears. Because we are family, we have a natural connection to each other. However, the @CAPS28 bonds wouldn't be as tight and sticky as they are without the laughter. Hundreds of miles of farmland and open roads separate us. The occasional phone call and email are all we communicate with each other. My @CAPS1 is the most loving, humorous and caring person I've ever met, but unfortunately I don't spend as much time with her as I would like. But every time I see her, I smile and think of our funny stories about each other. Without the humor and laughter we share, we wouldn't be as connected as we are now, and we'd all be ignorant of our current world of joy.
"@CAPS1 days are diamonds, @CAPS1 days are stones" is a famous melodic line from @LOCATION1. He is absolutely right, @DATE1 was a very tough day. At first, I got up late and stayed up until eleven o'clock the night before to finish my homework. I hurriedly put the sweater over my head and ran downstairs out the door to go to school. Running under the gloomy ash cloud, I suddenly remembered the geometry test scheduled for today. In my seventh geometry class, the sleep deprivation started and my head was pounding. Of course, this has to be the day @PERSON1 decides to cheat on my test. When his eyes swept across my paper for the third time, I sighed and stared straight at his own paper. I should have moved briefly in my seat so he couldn't see my test, but I hope he understands that. However, @PERSON2 seems to think I'm cheating @PERSON1. I silently accepted the reprimand and went to my locker. After packing up, I turned around and went home. A loud tearing sound caught my attention, and I moaned realizing I had just ripped a sweater in the corner of the locker. I ignored my companion's gaze, turned around and ran into the pouring rain. Once I got to my quiet path, I couldn't control myself. My face turned to the stony sky, shouting until my throat was like sandpaper. I've never had any emotional breakdowns before and this feeling is strange and foreign to me. I hope no one will see me like this because I've become a stranger, hurt and lost. After the blast, I walked slowly home and entered the house to find my @NUM1 year old sister @PERSON3 asking for macaroni and cheese. I sighed and put a pot of water on the stove. Maybe it's cruel fate, maybe it's just stupidity, but no matter what, half a pot of steaming water is spilled on the front of my body. Granted, it wasn't very hot because I just put it on the stove, but all I could do was sit on the cold kitchen floor, put my head in my hands, and cry. My sobs sounded like frogs croaking. However, when I felt a small hand tap my shoulder, I suddenly looked up. "@CAPS2?" @PERSON3 asked tentatively. "@CAPS3 Did the dog say it to the cat?" I just stared at her with teary eyes. "@CAPS4 is cat plague," she answered herself. There was a small smile on her pink lips when she started giggling. Then I started giggling too, which resulted in uncontrollable laughter. It's a ridiculously humorless joke, but the laughter feels like cold water running over the painful burn that the day has imposed on me. We sat there, a giggling little girl and a messy laughing teenager, on the floor of their kitchen on a very grey day. A little joke, accompanied by a burst of laughter, turned my completely rocky day into a perfect little diamond.
After getting my driver's license recently, my dad and I went out and taught me to drive. I was nervous at first, but quickly got used to the steering wheel. I drove all over the city and did some errands that I had to do along the way. It's time for a car wash, the first time I've had it under my control. I didn't think it would be difficult to wash the car after driving around town, but I was wrong. I had to roll up all the windows and fold the side mirrors after struggling to get them into place to start washing. Before I do all the washing work! As the soap hurricane circled around the car, I hurriedly folded the side mirrors and made it. Unfortunately, due to my slow reaction time, I was also unable to roll up the driver window when the soap came back and wrapped me in white foam. My dad and I were soaking wet and the car was cleaned, even though that wasn't the plan at first. I finally rolled up the window and looked at my dad. He looked back at me and said nothing, the car was silent. After our minds finally developed, we burst out laughing. Since this is so rare, we didn't stop laughing throughout the car wash and after. After that all I can say is that people go there and never have that kind of car wash in their lives, so why does it have to happen to me!
You know when you chat with a friend and they tell a funny story about a time @DATE1 they spilled soda on the person next to them at a nearby BBQ or they were in a whole crowd full of people Stumbled on the first day of school in front of the classroom? Then you think it's funny, you laugh so hard, do you cry? I remember those days when you always felt better when you laughed. Laughter usually happens when friends hang out. In order to be able to joke with someone and be able to laugh, you usually need to feel comfortable to find something funny. Even on the worst of days, laughter can bring people together. Everyone has awkward moments when you're talking to someone you don't have the best relationship with, but you have to do your due diligence to minimize embarrassment. There are also random jokes when someone is upset trying to soothe their emotions. When you make someone laugh, it's less awkward because you know they're in a bit of a better mood and it's easier to talk without being as nervous. I've had a lot of fights with friends and I have to talk to them during class or they insist on talking. It's like they just keep talking or just listening to you and you don't know what they're thinking or if they're judging you while you're talking. But you know they're not when you can make them laugh, because then they won't really miss you. It also helps with tension. Sometimes one of your friends will cry about something that makes you want to cheer up or have them talk to you. Of course, the fact that they're crying is still a source of nervousness, but joking or trying to make them smile or laugh can really help distract them and put them in a better mood. Some people say that "laughing is the shortest distance between two people". I think it's true because when you joke with someone, you get to know them more and they're more willing to open up to you. Also, if you can laugh with someone, they're more likely to be your friend because you know how to make them laugh and it's fun to talk to. The more you can joke and laugh with your friends, the more you tend to get closer to them because you enjoy being around them, the more comfortable you are with them, and the better you get to know them. And when you're free to joke with someone, you're usually free to talk to them about anything, and you know they'll be there for you when you need a good joke or someone to talk to. I know I personally love hearing funny stories, I never really remember my own. I love listening to jokes and laughing with my friends. Laughing with someone you know will always make your day better. But most people also giggle or smile when they're uncomfortable. You know those times when someone has an awkward conversation with you, they ask a question you don't want to answer or don't know how to answer, and all you do is giggle when they look at you expecting an answer. Or when you have to talk to someone you don't know and you just laugh and say because you don't want to mess up your sentences. I don't know if laughing when you're uncomfortable is just to reduce embarrassment or because you're confused about other things. Sometimes it makes things more awkward when you're embarrassed and laughing, when they think it's weird, and sometimes it helps when they're joking with you or just continuing the conversation to reduce embarrassment. Even if you know someone, you can still have those awkward conversations, or those laugh-to-cry moments. It is also said that "laughter is the best medicine". I also agree with this because when you laugh you are always in a better mood and when you are in a good mood you tend to feel better in any way and you are also more positive about things. Laughter brings people together in awkward, sad, beautiful or just normal conversations. The better your relationship with someone, the more times you can joke around together, the better you will get along with that person. Your day is always better when you share a good laugh with friends, classmates, parents, anyone, even strangers. It always helps to lighten your mood even on the most stressful and depressing days.
Have you ever had an unforgettable time, laughing with friends or family? Well, I know I've had this experience a few times with my friends and family. I love those times when you laugh so hard your stomach starts to hurt so bad. First off, one of the most memorable laughs I've had with my mom recently that I don't see very often. So this moment means a lot to me, as you can imagine. The last time she came to see me and my brother, we went bowling. She also brought her friend down. My brother and I haven't bowled in a long time, but we know we're still going to beat them. As it turns out, my mom hit me. We had a good laugh about it, and I actually think it was the first time I wasn't a loser. Although, I'm still not sure how she beats me, she's going sideways with the ball through the fairway and some how to pass the ball from the middle. When you have a moment like this, you can look back and help you through it, which is really inspiring. All in all, we shared some really great laughs with my mom that day. Another memorable laugh was with my dad and brother. Every once in a while, my dad, brother, and I would sit in the living room and talk about a few different things, good and bad. They can be about my mom, school, our animals, or all three of our compassion for sports. These conversations are always important to me because we never spend much time together. We didn't spend much time together because my brother and I were always at school or playing some kind of sport and my dad was always at work. These conversations have had multiple effects on me, sometimes they are sad, sometimes they make me feel better about things. Right here in our living room, there are a lot of funny moments. One of the things we always love to laugh about is the way my dad always said albums. For some reason he thought he had to add another @CAPS1 before @CAPS2 in order to spell alblum. My brother and I like to make fun of him about it, but we all have moments where we love to laugh at each other. This is just one of many things we love to laugh at. Sometimes laughter is a very important part of one's life. For someone on the edge or upset, just saying the little things that make them smile or laugh can make a world of difference. Laughter is a great way to make people feel loved and excluded, and a great way to get people back on track when they're down. I know smiling and laughing makes me feel better inside. I hope you and the people you love and care about have some great laughs.
I spent two weeks at my aunt's house on @DATE1 at @NUM1. My cousins lived with her at the time. My cousins and I are very close, so we love spending time together. In the evening we decided to watch a movie. I remember it being called my best friend's girl. So we started watching the movie and it was so much fun, we kept laughing. My cousin @PERSON1 laughs so hard I can't stop laughing every time he starts laughing. We watched a movie and then we went to eat something. We were all in a good mood, joking, doing crazy things, making each other laugh or being funny. My cousins would change their voices and make higher or lower repetitions from the movie, or just make up something. We ate @ORGANIZATION1 that night. We weren't tired when we got back to our aunt's house, so we decided to watch a late night show called @CAPS1 @CAPS2. This is a program consisting of a bunch of short cartoons. They are all fun. We would make fun of them, laugh and imitate what the characters did. We stopped watching at @NUM2 at @TIME1 and I was tired but my cousins weren't. For a while, we just sat on the couch chatting and kept joking and saying silly things that made us laugh. After about an hour, we both fell asleep, continued watching the movie, and went out for two weeks while I was there. This is probably the best time for @DATE1. I am happy and enjoying my @DATE1 thanks to the time my two cousins spent with us. My stomach hurts from laughing, but I don't care because I'm having fun. I still spend time with my cousins and laugh a lot. I believe the time we spend together and the laughter we share brings us closer and more involved in each other's lives. A person who can laugh, knows how to have fun, and is funny.
@CAPS1 Love as long as you breathe, as long as you live. @CAPS2 is impossible, @CAPS2 absolutely cannot be true. Breathing seemed almost impossible, as if I was suffocating with air. I clutched at the freshly mowed grass, and everything around me blurred and swirled viciously. The tears washed away the burning in my eyes but not the tingling in my nose, although neither made my body shiver like @CAPS2. The screams of attempts came out as muffled moans. One @CAPS8 is helpless, I can feel her staring at me, not sure what @CAPS7 is going to do. My best friend stood at @CAPS8 watching me get more violent, banging my fists on the dew-soaked lawn, whimpering to screaming. A door slammed shut behind me @CAPS8 I felt my father's arm trying to guide me towards the house. Once inside, my dad buried my face in his chest, trying more to silence my annoying crying than to console me. He apologizes repeatedly, I don't think he knows what else @CAPS7 has. @CAPS2 It's too early for a "in a better place" speech, but it's too late. I continued to cry as I stumbled up the stairs to my bedroom, @PERSON2 followed. Sitting in my bed @CAPS2 Seems like there is nothing worse in the world. Suddenly, I was overwhelmed by the feeling that I was missing something, as if he was closer than I thought. I sat up and saw his plastic sunglasses sitting on my dresser staring at me. A black frame with a neon blue border. He @CAPS8 His "stunna-shades" are dancing in my head. He stood outside the car sunroof, shirtless, pretending to be sober in class. Seeing glasses is like looking into his eyes. In my mind there was sadness on his face @CAPS8 Frustrated and he didn't want me to cry. A few times tears rolled down my face and he said, "@CAPS3 on, suck up @CAPS2 @CAPS8 put @CAPS2 like a man!" I knew in my heart he wanted me to be with the one he loves @CAPS8 him Hope we smile. The morning sun was on my ack and I rode my bike as fast as I could. Arriving on her front porch, I immediately realized that the time I was about to spend in that house was going to be unprecedented. When I let myself in as usual, @CAPS6 stared around the corner, eyes swollen, @CAPS8 discolored. I took four steps forward @CAPS8 hugged her in tears and I realized @CAPS6 wanted me to be him. @CAPS6 loves him in a way I never understood, but I know all too well the desire to be embraced by the one I love. We cry @CAPS8 because there is nothing we can do @CAPS7. @PERSON3 looked at me for the first time as @CAPS8 @PERSON3 stopped sobbing and noticed that I looked just as bad as @CAPS6. I reach into my pocket @CAPS8 pulls out his sunglasses. It's hard for @CAPS2 not to be selfish when I just want comfort, but I know what I have to do with @CAPS7. A forced smile doesn't seem feasible, but I know @CAPS2 is my next step. Her gaze fell to my palm. "@CAPS4 @CAPS5." @CAPS6 started crying again, I hugged her @CAPS8 trying to be strong. More of my friends crawled out of the kitchen and tear-stained @CAPS8 turned red. I smiled softly at them. They all noticed the sunglasses in my hand but didn't understand, they don't know him like @CAPS6 @CAPS8. We got together speechless at @CAPS8 Hunger for the day, our pizzas sat untouched, and the TV was just to break the silence. No one said much, about anything. "@CAPS7 do you remember the time he hid our bio-items in the fridge?" I feel like @CAPS3's questions are like vomit, too big to swallow. They just looked at me and didn't know what to think. I'm afraid I'm speaking too soon and I'm starting to assume that all the somber @CAPS8 cries should last longer than @CAPS2. @PERSON3 smiled @CAPS8 nodded to my relief. "@CAPS8 You're mad because he keeps putting nuts in your noodles." I laughed out loud, I couldn't help @CAPS2. I'm overwhelmed by his memory trying to act bewildered why the boiling water has cashews floating on it. "@CAPS7, do you remember he always braids you?" @PERSON3 laughed even harder. The rest of the month was full of tears, but @CAPS2 was full of laughter. Laughing is the last thing I want @CAPS7 when @PERSON1 dies. @PERSON1 always gets most of my laughs, @CAPS8 he's gone, I never thought I'd be @CAPS1 again. But in fact, he left too early does not mean that the laughter has left. My happiness in his memory will never fade away. "
Laughter is one of the most important things in my life because it's often the motivation I need. Whether it's an embarrassing situation I'm looking back on, or when I'm feeling angry and my best friend does something that breaks me down. Sometimes I just feel sad, and if I'm with the right people, the ones who can bring me laughs, I know it won't last long. I know that to take my attention away from something, all I need is a few giggles all over the place. Recently, I started going to the gym. I've been overweight and out of shape, so the gym, like so many other attempts, doesn't seem to last long. When I first visited my gym with my mom, I was so excited when my mom suggested we try it. Of course, it's because it's something new and I'm excited and I want to start from that day. My mom, as a more logical person, of course, the one who pays for a monthly membership, wanted to think a bit more and discuss it. In the end, my mom thought it was right for us. At first, my mom kept me motivated. Because I'm so out of shape, I'm tired after five minutes on the elliptical with the simplest settings. Seeing my mom beside me on the treadmill, working on the treadmill without even slowing down, keeps me motivated. Just looking at her made me so happy, and every now and then there would be a short burst of laughter, then her questioning look, but then she would laugh too. Sometimes I thought it was just because I was tired and a little unhinged, but in retrospect I know I'm glad my mom and I finally had something to do. Happy gym days were short-lived because, as usual, my mom was too tired to go any more. Once I was able to drive regularly, I promised myself to go. I got my driver's license a few weeks after my birthday, but another thing is holding me back; my car is @NUM1 speed and all I know is that @CAPS1 can drive itself. So almost every day I begged my mother to take me to practice the new car, and she finally took me there. In the dark church parking lot, the same parking lot where I started autopilot, more laughter started between us. She would make me close my eyes and "feel" about halfway up the clutch and accelerator @CAPS2. At first I thought it was ridiculous and I would start breaking down and my mom would laugh with her. This was the hardest part for me once I finally got the hang of taking off, but, as always, the laughter made things easier. I learned to drive fast, and because I made that commitment to myself, my own first trip was to the gym. My motivation at the time was being able to finally do something progressive for me, and the satisfaction was doing it myself. The whole way to the gym I sang @PERSON1 in the loudest voice I could hear, which caused more laughter. The first few times I went to the gym were based solely on the knowledge that I was doing something good for myself. However, after about the fourth time, my motivation started to wane. Instead of listening to my iPod on the elliptical, I started watching "@CAPS1 I @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4" because it makes me laugh when I'm still working hard. Before I knew it, the episode was over and I've been at it for almost an hour, burning @NUM2 calories. I'm so impressed with what I've achieved and feel motivated enough. I started going every day again. In a week and a half, I lost NUM3 pounds just by going to the gym, exercising, and most importantly, laughing. Part self-motivation, part laughter, was an easy distraction from the task at hand. Because I'm in shape all the time, I'm also able to increase the "@CAPS5" rating on the machine, and I'm sticking to it every day. Feeling easier every day and now I have "@CAPS6" and "@CAPS7 @CAPS8" to make me smile even more while working out. I believe that in many cases, laughter has saved me. It's always an option whether I'm sad, crazy, depressed, or in this case, just unmotivated. Knowing that I'll have those anticipatory laughs at the end of the day keeps me driving to the gym. I'm still losing weight and for the first time in my life I really feel energized. Laughter is a big part of it.
Laughter and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Laughter is a key part of anything in life. @CAPS2 can make any sad moment beautiful and any good moment even better. Here's an example of how laughter brought me and my boyfriend together. For two months now, I've had a crush on the same person, @PERSON1. I was too nervous to talk to him. One day my friends and I were walking down the hall where he happened to be. When I saw him, I tried to turn around and go the other way, but my friend pulled me back. Then they told me they heard from a "little bird" that he liked me too, so we continued walking in his direction. We stopped in front of him and my friend pushed me on top of him and ran away. When I got red, I told him I was sorry. My best friend arranged it for me. We stood in awkward silence for five minutes. All I did was stare at his beautiful blue eyes. All I can think about is how hot he looks in a black wrestling shirt and faded blue jeans. He probably thought I was a freak. He had been leaning against the wall, standing on his right leg most of the time. Then when he switched his left leg he let out the biggest fart I've ever heard. We started laughing. After we laughed hysterically, we started talking. We ended up chatting for two hours. As the weeks passed, we talked more and more every day. After another week, we went to see the first movie. I called @CAPS2 our first date. That night, he asked me to be his girlfriend. Of course I say yes. I thank @CAPS2 for @CAPS5 since the day he farted. I wouldn't have made him my boyfriend if @CAPS2 hadn't been for breaking the ice in an awkward moment. Most importantly, I thank my friend for pushing me towards him that day. There is no better way to meet a man. This is just one example of laughter and how much @CAPS2 @CAPS3 has changed or affected the situation. Laughter is the medicine of all medicine. @CAPS2 is one of the most important tools @CAPS3 has.
Laughter is what I want to call "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @CAPS3". Because no matter what language or language you speak, when something funny happens, the natural response is to laugh. This reaction is there for everyone and when it happens; it's contagious and helps bring everyone together. Laughter also radiates a sense of well-being and joy, which in turn makes people feel more free and open to also engage and laugh. In many cases, if there is an awkward situation at hand, laughter plays an important role in calming the mood; making the atmosphere a little more comfortable. At @DATE1, laughter is a key to our annual @ORGANIZATION1 success. Our @ORGANIZATION1 is made up of about @NUM1 people (including cousins and some close friends); as you can see, @MONTH1 is not easy to get to know and interact with everyone. However, at dinner time we like to turn it up and sit next to relatives you wouldn't normally sit next to. At first, when they ended up sitting next to our very rowdy and opinionated aunts and uncles, it was often embarrassing and sometimes even scaring young children. Until my @LOCATION1 decided to crack one of his hilarious jokes. My @LOCATION1 is a bit awkward @CAPS4. It's not necessarily that he likes being in awkward situations, it's that he likes watching them play. Finally, about halfway through the meal, eating in almost complete silence; he decided to stand up and toast @ORGANIZATION1. After the speech, he always ended with a well-rehearsed joke; which, made everyone laugh. Some younger cousins don't always understand wordplay. But what really got them going was hearing all of our aunts and uncles mingle with their nasty laughter with shouts like "@CAPS5 @CAPS6" and "@CAPS7 help me". After all the fun wears off, the embarrassment always seems to go away, leaving behind the feeling of happiness and joy I described earlier. I believe these feelings are directly related to reducing emotions and helping everyone feel more comfortable with who they happen to be sitting next to. Once all of this happens, the conversations flow and everyone ends up knowing @ORGANIZATION1 members who otherwise might not have had a chance to actually meet. Laughter is one of the keys to happiness in life; life would be very boring without it. Laughter also has the power to change a situation and make it better in a big way. Laughter made my life better at @DATE1, like it has happened so many times since. Laughter is the best @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 in my opinion. If you really want to get to know someone, all you have to do is make them laugh!
I choose to look at life in a positive light and I am generally a happy person. Who wants to go through a lifetime of madness all the time? Even when I was at my lowest point, I knew I had a lot to be thankful for. Because of this, laughter is every day of my life. I am always smiling when I am with friends and family. Laughter is my medicine, I wouldn't be the same girl without it. When I was in 4th grade my family and I started going to a new @CAPS3 and I didn't know anyone there and I was really nervous about going to @DATE1 @TIME1. Mom took me downstairs to the classroom and the teacher introduced herself to me. Her name is @PERSON1. She's pretty, tall, and has an interesting Australian accent. She wore alligator boots with black jeans and a pink top. Ms. @PERSON1 introduced me to the class and stated my name and grade. After I was seated, we recited @CAPS1 vs and read a short clip of the @CAPS2 story. Mom came downstairs to me when @CAPS3 was over. I reluctantly saw her, took her hand, said goodbye to @PERSON1, and went back upstairs, no other kids said a word, but on the way up, I recognized someone my age The whole class of girls bid me farewell. I responded to her friendly gesture with a smile and a wave. A week later, my mom took me downstairs to @ORGANIZATION1. This time, I was unyielding and determined to make new friends. I walked over and sat down next to the girl who said goodbye to me last week. I introduced myself to her and she told me her name was @PERSON2. We became very close very quickly. I'm so excited about @CAPS3 every week so I can spend time with @ORGANIZATION2. We became best friends! We played together on the same football team and we almost lived in each other's houses. In fact @PERSON2 has her own toothbrush at my house and I have one at hers. One time @PERSON2 and I were at @CAPS3, now that we're grown up, we went to the main service and we laughed so hard we almost peeed our pants! @PERSON2 and I have so many great memories together that will last forever as we get older.
Jokes or just talking about funny things and laughing with people can make the conversation comfortable and allow people to see your true self. in my opinion. Laughing is one of the most important things you should have when you are in a relationship with someone because you need to have fun and laugh about funny things constantly. Laughing also makes you feel close, because once you and that person get to know each other, you'll laugh at anything, even if it's not that funny. For example, when I meet people for the first time, I'm shy, I don't really say a lot, but if the person I'm talking to makes me laugh, it makes me feel comfortable and makes me want to joke with them, It makes the conversation interesting. If there is no laughter in a relationship, the relationship is effectively dead. No one wants to be with someone who doesn't have a sense of humor. In my opinion, everyone has a funny side, some people like to show it, some people like to keep it to themselves. Some may be more fun, but the truth is we can all be fun in our own way. I have a lot of experience and laughter helps my relationships with people. My friend and I met in middle school, and his sister and I were good friends, but I didn't really know him until I was in high school. I took a lot of classes with him, so I started talking to him, but since I already knew him, I wasn't shy. The first day I spoke to him at school, he was making fun of me, but not joking about how I brought chocolate to his house and I didn't give him anything, it was more of an inside joke. The problem is that our relationship started when we laughed and joked. So I immediately felt like I could be myself around my new friend without worrying about what he might think. Now we are best friends, we laugh at everything, we have our own little jokes. When I talk to my friend I can say anything I think is funny and I know he will laugh. Laughter really makes my friendships with friends interesting. One of the best relationships I have with a person is with my sister because we always laugh when we are together. When either of us is going through a bad time, we still find a way to make each other laugh and forget about all our problems for a while. Even though we are sisters, we are naturally connected, but laughter only makes sisters ten times better connected. Our personalities are very similar and we are both funny, so the laughter between us never stops, we always laugh. In my opinion, laughter is very important in a relationship, without it it would be a miserable, unhappy relationship. In most cases, laughter brings out the good in people, it brings out the true feelings in people. When you meet someone for the first time, laughing really makes the conversation comfortable and not awkward. Starting a relationship with laughter can really make you good friends, like my friendship with my friend. You really feel better when you have someone who can make you laugh when you are sad or angry, it just makes everything better, it can really change the mood of some people and make them temporarily Forget the negative things in your life. Laughter is just a great way to connect with people. Having someone to laugh with is very important in life.
When I was about thirteen years old, my brother and I discouraged us from where to go fishing. I got up that morning, put on a pair of ripped blue jeans, and went downstairs to breakfast. On my way, I can smell the sweetness of the eggs and hash browns that make my mouth water. My brother got up and just finished his plate. My mom handed me my plate and I reached for a bottle of @CAPS1. Ethan sat across from me while I was eating and said "we'll be leaving in an hour or so". I said okay to keep eating. After breakfast we collected our poles and tackle box and put them in the car with an old boat we kinda topped off from the neighbor's old lady. We put our stuff in the van and mom drove us into town. It was around eight in the morning, so we wouldn't be home until around three or four in the afternoon, depending on the fishing. There is a small shop in town and the creek is just behind it. That is a creek. I grew up on it, so I think I know what to expect. We put it in the back of the store and my mother told us to be safe and left. It's a cold @DATE1 morning and a little cloudy. The water was cold and my brother said I should wear his waiter. I think it's stupid because we'll be on the boat. Bert I put them on and we put the boat in the water. It was our first time using the boat, so it was exciting. As we went downstream, the water became fast and loud, and the embankment was like a wall outside. When we got to the next corner, it was there. The water fell about the height of a person. Not the kind you see in movies, but enough for our eyes. There is a large stone in the middle, and water flows on both sides of it. Where we were pushed up hit a rock and everything was thrown from the boat and we grabbed the rock for our lives. We were stuck and I looked at my brother and he rubbed like he was saying just go down. So it is said that we all let go and let the water have us. As soon as we let go, it's like standing on the back of a 2,000-pound animal in a rodeo for only a second. When the boat sank, my attendant was instantly full and I just had to grab the boat that was pulling us downstream now. We lost all gear except the tackle box, oars and that stupid boat. We exhausted everything, but we finally got the boat out of the water, poured the water, poured the water. I am now afraid for my life. This was supposed to be a fun fishing trip, but now it's a survival game. We can't go back now. The only way to get home is to walk the rest of the way. I was cold and wet and had no choice. We had to keep going, so we tried again just to sink in. We spent most of the day hauling the boat around the rapids and throwing brushes all day until it was flat before we could put the boat back. We got to a big swimming pool, big enough to put a house in it. There are some small rapids running to the right and some rapids in the middle. It looked bad, but since we had beans, we were discouraged from filling up the cart extra. We bypassed the rapids through the pool. When we went, we simmered the end of the rapids with a boat and we went in. I tried to avoid sinking but where was my waiter heavy. When I tried to swim to the shore, my shoes fell off and I went down the river. Stupidly chasing it on my stomach to get it. When I let it @CAPS2 me, the water went faster than I thought. I swallowed so much water that I couldn't breathe. I could feel it starting to get deeper and soon I couldn't touch the bottom at all. My shoe was right in front of me, I finally found it, and the rest was burly stuff. I got to the shore, only the law choked the water there. After ten minutes, I got up and went back. I think we were so lucky that we survived that day, but some how we did it. I learned a lot that day and now I am smiling.
It's true that laughter is important in any relationship, friendship, and in life, sometimes laughter will get you out of trouble and sometimes it will get you into trouble. But the more we laugh, the happier we are. Laughing came in handy when I was at @CAPS2 school. In @NUM1 grade, @CAPS3 people are divided into groups. Popular girls, band nerds, hippies and athletes. The lunch room always lets you know who is who. Popular girls would sit with jocks every girl had a boy to flirt with, band nerds on the floor made straw recorders and drums out of milk cartons, and hippies gathered in a circle eating salads from a tray. None of these groups have ever intercepted each other. I fell into the group of hippies. We wear green every day and put on as many peace signs as we can on our tiny bodies. We are the best group and we help @CAPS3 @CAPS1 friendly events to do. We recycle every day. My @CAPS2 school experience was outstanding. The best thing about our group is that we know how to laugh, and we'll giggle, or laugh so hard that our mouths are open and we're covering our stomachs without making a sound. On a beautiful @DATE1 @TIME1 we decided to sneak out of the lunch room, why should we? I have no idea. We all just really wanted to sit out and eat. The golden rule of lunchtime is: @CAPS3 people have to raise their hands to be forgiven, then get a green card to be outside @CAPS4. After getting the green card, you have to take it to the teacher outside and let her/he know that you can be outside. But instead of waiting to be forgiven, we walked around the other side of the building and sneaked onto the bright green lawn full of flowers. I don't know how we were sneaking around without the teacher seeing us, but we did. When we saw that bright green lawn, we ran towards it like a four-year-old running towards an ice cream truck. We all skipped, danced, and ate the lunch Mom packed us. We all sat in a circle and passed the food. The day couldn't be better. In fact, it got worse. When we finished our meal, we went to the playground to play, forgetting that we didn't speak loudly outside in the first place. We swing on the swings and climb the horizontal bars. We screamed and laughed and talked. This caused a teacher to come over and tell us all to come to her. Her voice was calm, like she was trying to get a bear to bite her throat so it wouldn't come out and eat us. We sat there with big eyes and holding hands. The teacher said we were in great trouble and the consequences were serious. We all knew this before she told us. Seconds after she told us, I started laughing so hard. I can't stop, it's like someone put a spell on me to never stop laughing. Everyone looked at me like they were serious, and you picked it out now and laughed. I lay on the ground and curled up in a ball, my hands covering my stomach, my face flushed. I couldn't help laughing. Finally I got control and I looked up and everyone around me looked down at me. I looked at the teacher and she started laughing. We all sat silently staring at her. Now she's the one on the ground and I can't believe it. She looked at us all and said, "@CAPS4 have fun, today is a great day, you girls are good people, I'll make it @CAPS4 this time, but don't do it again". We all held her and ran to the swings and the horizontal bars. To this day, I will never forget that moment. A simple laugh saves us so much trouble. Who would have thought. It is true that laughter is important in any relationship, friendship and life. Laughter in life rounds the world @CAPS4.
Laughter, one of the wonderful things we humans can enjoy. Laugh with friends, family and people we don't even know. We can all enjoy and share laughter, regardless of race, age, gender or disability, it's one of those amazing things that can bring us together. We can all enjoy it together and no one can take it away from us. Laughter is simple, yet complex in many ways. It's like falling into @CAPS1's pool. Laughter, a "laugh" makes me happy! When our days are bad, laughter can make it sweet. Where would we be without the miracle of laughter? lol, it's like a tool. It's something that helped me make new friends. Also, laughter helped me get out of the conflict between friend and foe. It also helped me achieve what I wanted. Laughter is @CAPS2 my middle school days. My family and I move a lot and every time we move we have to make new friends. Every time I transfer to a new school, I have a hard time making new friends. After I settled in and settled into the new school environment, I started making friends. I've noticed that laughter is a key factor in getting people to like you and then treat you as a so-called friend. After I made new friends and felt comfortable with my school, it was time to move again. Making new friends becomes difficult, but it's even harder when you have to leave the new friends you just made behind. After moving so much, I got used to making new friends, and laughter slowly became more of a tool than something I was supposed to enjoy. Just a tool for making friends. After high school, I stopped trying to make new friends because I felt like I knew I would make new friends, transfer to another school, and start over and make new friends. I gave up trying and decided to get more involved in school and get good grades. Later that year, I felt like a kid without friends because I stopped trying. I decided to go make new friends, but somehow it was a lot harder to make friends in high school than in middle school. I try to be as fun as I was in middle school, but I don't have it anymore. Also, the type of humor people enjoy changes as they age. Over time I realized you don't have to make everyone laugh so they can be your friend. It's about being there now and being able to connect with them and be there when they need you the most. Making friends at a new school isn't easy, but it's not hard either. All you have to do is open up to people and let them know who you are. That's what I've learned about making friends. You can't make everyone laugh because everyone has a different taste in humor. Humor and laughter are not the same. Everyone has a different taste in humor, but we can all come together and have a good laugh. Laughter is wonderful. That's what makes people happy. We have our differences as @MONTH1 people, but we can still laugh together. It feels good when you have a good laugh, but it's even better when you know that the person who made you laugh did so to make you happy. We shouldn't take laughter for granted because it puts a smile on our face.
In the story I'm going to tell you, it involves a friend of mine and myself. One day after school, a friend of mine and I went to my house for the night. It was fun, we started playing video games and we had a good laugh when one of us died in the game. After a while, it was dinner time, and my mom asked us to get out of the car and come over for dinner. Dinner was really fun, we threw things at each other when my parents weren't paying attention. It was so bad we didn't have anything to throw at each other until dinner was over. But it's time to start playing the game again. It's about teenage years around this time, and we're really trying so hard, so we put the movie stepbrother in to see it. It was the best time of our day and we couldn't stop laughing at everything said in the movie, which was great. We all loved it and really wanted to see it the next morning. But before we could, my friend's dad was there to pick him up, so that was the end of the best time with my friends and the funniest. We kept laughing all night and it was great. Now it just goes to show that laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Have @CAPS1 ever a friend who is your best friend, @CAPS1 can go to anything, that @CAPS1 is so close @CAPS1 guys know everything about each other, from the way their noses flare out when they laugh The deepest, darkest secret. Well @PERSON2 is the kind of best friend to me. The two of us crazy monkeys became friends in first grade. We never had the type of girls who sat down to class and all the school read a book or kept calm throughout, no, we were girls playing sports with boys getting dirty and scratched. We were always laughing and playing and had a great time. Laughter is an important part of our friendship because, we are always laughing. We'll get in trouble keeping our parents out of @TIME2 in the middle of our crazy jokes and laughs, and in the middle of @TIME2, we'll take a hyper-psychotic ninja adventure. No matter what we're doing, we can always make a joke out of it all. "The @CAPS1 people are the perfect fit together," said my mom the other day I had to say in reply "I know, we're two monkey ninjas". @PERSON2 and I have this one restaurant we love to go to and it's @@PERSON1 PERSON1. @CAPS2, @PERSON2 s @CAPS5 will take us there at least twice a month and we always get the same thing every time. @PERSON2, I can do interesting things that no one understands. We'll sit there with @CAPS2 and talk about funny times, stupid fight booths, and end up laughing out loud throughout our time at @ORGANIZATION1. It's a warm @DATE1 @TIME1, @PERSON2 has come to my house and plans to spend @TIME2. We have our whole @TIME2 planned, we'll call her @CAPS5 and persuade him to send us to @PERSON1, when we get home, we're going to go jogging, and then get ready to go to the "adventure" we love to give They call. So we called @CAPS2 and creatively persuaded him to take us. But the catch, is that we have to go to @LOCATION1's house to trim the yard, plant some plants, weed some gardens, and he'll take us there. So we went, of course, to do all the work we agreed to do, and we went to @ORGANIZATION1, dirty, sweaty, and exhausted. At this time, everyone at @ORGANIZATION1 knows our names by heart. We joke with them and sometimes even have to walk in the back room and leave our ranch if there aren't too many people there. We ate our food, got extra fries, extra pasture, sat there with full stomachs. We were all ready to leave, but @CAPS2 had to go to the bathroom. So @PERSON2 and I sat there, waiting, while he was in the bathroom. He's taking longer than he usually does, a longer amount which is fine with us because we want to talk about this boy one is @PERSON2 and that's something we can't talk about while her @CAPS5 is a "thing" About. Finally he came to the bathroom and I noticed him zipping down but he was so close I didn't want to say anything to @PERSON2 until we drifted away from him while he was in his playful super mood and he was 't Let's get far enough away from him so I can tell her. When we walked out the door, I finally told @PERSON2 to tell her @CAPS5 that his zipper dropped. So when she looked back she burst out laughing Sound, because when he zips down, he's working there with a bunch of people. So when we were all laughing hysterically we tried to tell him. We finally got him to start walking out the door, and at the time @PERSON2 said between laughter : "@CAPS5 your zip down," he looks down and executes his nerves/OMG laugh and zip up. The whole ride home, @PERSON2 and I bust the nut laughing hard as we can. Our stomachs Was about to explode because of laughing so hard. @CAPS2 occasionally giggle in the front seat because he couldn't believe his zip down the whole time. As we were approaching my house, he said "there's a song The song played and I wanted to write the lyrics quickly, they were in before, I really liked the song. " This to me, is the funniest thing @CAPS2 has ever said. @CAPS2 went home, bought a song for me @CAPS7 and also learned to check his zipper more often. @PERSON2 is perfect for me We're just like best friends in many ways. But our sense of humor is the best.
Laughter is the medicine for a friend's pain. My friend @CAPS1 and I are best friends and he comes to my house every weekend. So while waiting for him, I decided to ride my bike. I went around the block a few times when I hit the curb and crashed. My handlebars hit my lower ribs. My mom took me to the doctor's office to see if I had broken a rib. The doctor said I was just bruised. I was in so much pain on the way home that my mom stopped for some ice cream but it didn't help. When we got home, I just lay on the couch for a while. I heard a knock on the door, it was @CAPS1. The first thing he did was ask what was going on, and I said I'm not used to talking about it now. We had dinner and played games. Then we watched some movies and eventually we all fell asleep. We woke up to the smell of bacon. I was still asleep when I realized I was awake @CAPS1. I was in so much pain that I couldn't get out of bed. So I just loaded it there for a while. @CAPS1 stare at me again to see why I didn't get up. He saw me just lying there. We just started laughing and I noticed that I felt better, but I didn't think much of it. We turned on @NUM1 after our meal and my mom said everyone should clean but @CAPS1 and I could play because I was hurt and @CAPS1 was the guest. We play @NUM2, @CAPS6 and @PERSON1, @CAPS7 and @ORGANIZATION1 in a deadly fight. I won most of the time and told him to start cheating, but it was still fun. When it was done, we watched a funny movie and we laughed so much that when I almost grabbed my ribs. We go to the park to play basketball. As soon as he shot, the ball bounced off the rim and hit him in the face, which I thought was funny, he didn't seem to think so. When we get bored, we go to the market to buy dim sum. While we were eating I told him what happened to my bike and he asked if it was clearly marked and we looked at it and it looked like a smiley face which was funny but creepy. When we got home, he said he wanted to ride a bike. I was a little scared at first, but no big deal. We walked around my yard for a while. Soon after, his mom got theirs. Then I walked in and sat there. Mom asked me how I was feeling, but it didn't hurt anymore. I got better because laughter is the best medicine.
One rainy day, @DATE1 in a faraway place, they were a football game. I participated. I remember that day like yesterday. It was the last game of the season, so it was important to me, but something went wrong in the process. I will go as I say. I just wore my uniform and my aunt said goodbye to me. But out of the dark blue shy came a big black rain cloud. Oh @CAPS1. So I was on the beach thinking my game was going to be called off. It's my turn to play. Now ready to catch the ball, @CAPS2 I fell. Then I fell again and the coach took me out. So he did and I went back to the beach and hopefully the team can do it without me. The game is over, we lost by two, it's time to leave, but where's my auntie? I called her on the coach's phone and @CAPS1 answered. I think I'm sure she's a little late, but when I look at the time ten, @NUM1 and then an hour. Finally she came. Cold, wet and crazy race. All my aunt said was @PERSON1 don't get mud on the seat. Well, it's kind of hard to do when it's all on me. My aunt said @PERSON1 you wouldn't go to a party like that, I said, but I have to have no time to waste. After a bit of arguing, my aunt said ok so I got there and saw all the food and all my teammates as muddy as I was. It seems like an action to show heaven, what a day.
Have you ever been hit in the face by basketball? One day I was playing basketball with my friends and I didn't go to school so I guess it's like @NUM1 pm. We had a lot of fun playing my favorite sports and joking around. I'm having a good time, I'm doing basketball, I'm making some good jokes, and everyone is laughing. My friend @CAPS1 asked me a question about a certain girl so I turned my face to him and then the basketball hit me hard in the face at the beginning and I was pissed it was accidental so all was well, But then my friends started laughing and made them stop it now so I lost it and I wanted to hit them all. I started thinking if one of them got punched in the face like I did I would laugh, but they rejected me so I just left the house angrily. When I got home I was still pissed so I went to the garage and there was a punching bag. I started using it to vent my anger, which my dad told me when I was a kid, don't get mad at my family when I'm mad, go for a run or hit something, but don't get mad at my family. I was there for over half an hour and then I went into the kitchen to get something to eat and my mom was there and she saw that my face was still red from being hit. She started yelling at me about what happened and I was fighting something like that. I was still pissed off and then she yelled at me which made me even more pissed off with five missed calls and three messages from them saying if I was crying and things like that were still joking. Time has passed and I'm still so pissed that I forget what happened now. My brother @CAPS2 walks into my room with food and I'm still hungry because I can't get anything from the kitchen because my mom yells at me so there is no food on the left, empty stomach, he's in I grimaced in front of me saying it was the best sandwich ever and he punched him slowly and he asked me if I wanted to play video games. So we go to play @NUM2 which is an army game that he's really good at, every time he kills me I suck and he starts making jokes like who's your dad. After a while I forgot what happened I begged to smile so my brother and I went outside to play football We were there for about ten minutes then my friends walked by @CAPS3 screaming my name I turned my face to him again I got hit again my brother kicked the ball hard I saw it was fast I was already hit by it but this time in my stomach I was crying every time I rented it at first but then heard every Personally was thinking about being hit twice in the same day because I turned my face and I was strong and it was funny so I also started to disgust. My friends came over and said they were sorry for laughing at me but it was funny and the guy who hit me said it was my fault because I didn't look like anything. I asked if they wanted to play football with us and they said yes, we played for about five minutes when my brother kicked the ball and hit my friend in the face and the guy hit me with the basketball and I started to break down , I told him why he didn't look, what was going on around came. It put a big smile on my face and after a while everything was fine and we had a good time again and didn't get mad at each other and it was a laugh that changed my feelings.
The element of laughter is showing emotion to others, letting them know you had a good time, or showing that there is something special. I sometimes laugh. I laugh when I have fun. I always say crazy things to my friends when we go to the bus after school and it makes me laugh out loud. The joy from your friends and you enables dozens of pressures at school. I always come home with a smile. There are always jokes to tell to be happy. When the bell rang for the end of my last class, my hard work became exhausted. When I go to my bus which is located in front of the school. I feel pressured from the work I have to do. But I can't wait for my friends to get in the car. We always have fun. I completely forgot about school, laughing at the jokes we told and cutting back on the stories. When we got to the first stop, everyone left happily, even me. The relationship has been going on for three years. But next year will be the last ride on my favorite bus @NUM1. I hope we will still have a good time.
A new trimester has begun, and leadership is my second period. I was skeptical about taking the class because I didn't know what the role of a leadership student was. After a few days of class, I started to like it more and more. About a week later, the teacher announced that we would be on stage to help set up and organize the upcoming assembly. I've never done anything like this before, so I'm kind of excited. As the days passed, the class practiced assembly, running to our place, moving props, and stacking chairs. The day for the rally has finally come, and it's time for the show. As we hurried behind the curtains, students swarmed into their seats. Everything is set up perfectly. The curtains are raised and the rally begins. My peers and I stood behind the stage to watch the convention unfold. The school band played a tedious song, the curtains fell, and the entire leadership class ran onto the stage to pick up and fold the chairs the band had just used. After that, we all ran to the stands and dragged them to the front of the stage. The choir now has a rehearsal, and then we step back behind the curtains. The choir sang their song and we watched, but as they began to prepare the final song, the students moved around, leaving a large empty seat in the top row. With the choir's final song, they performed a simple swing dance to accompany their song. My leadership class friends and I noticed this large open space for the choir and thought it would be fun if one of us went there and pretended to sing and dance. However, none of us are brave enough to do it. The choir finished their song and dance, and the first assembly was over. Then we clean up and get ready for the second assembly. It's time for the second assembly and everything will work again. The students came in, took their seats, the band played, we folded the chairs and moved the stands. It's time for the choir to come out and sing again. Think again how much fun it would be to dance in the stands. In the end, we persuaded a classmate to do so. She ran to the choir hall, changed into choir robes, braided her hair into a comical bun and fastened it to her forehead, and stepped into the stands. She occupied an empty seat in the first row. The song begins, and so does the dance. She danced suddenly, completely mismatched with the rest of the dance choir. Obviously, she doesn't belong there. The crowd soon began to realize what was going on. There was a burst of laughter from the seats, but soon, there was also a burst of laughter from behind the stage. I laughed like I had never laughed before. It was painful, tears streamed down my face and I gasped. Out of breath, ready to take a deep breath, and at that moment, the song falls to a deadly pause. There was silence in the auditorium, and I took a deep breath and let out an embarrassingly loud, embarrassing shriek as I sucked in the air. The people behind the scenes were staring at me, and I knew the whole auditorium heard it. Embarrassingly, I laughed harder, causing more pain, tears, and lack of oxygen. The song ends, the laughter ends, and then the rally ends. The girl came down from the stands, and we all scrambled out of the building, hiding our robes along the way. We laughed until the next class, listening to the students in the hallway talking about it. Laughter filled the school for hours. Everyone but us is talking about who it is, what actually happened and why it happened. Stage 2 leadership students know exactly what's going on. We are happy to tell everyone in the school these dirty little details. However, over the next few days, teachers also got the news. Without considering our actions from start to finish, we quickly have to face the consequences. We were told it was irresponsible, like children. We have a plethora of possible penalties including suspension, @DATE1 school, referrals, apologies to the choir and loss of leadership privileges. After the school board spoke to our parents and took this seriously, we spent the day at @DATE1 school and apologized to the entire choir. The school board realized it was just a joke and made it easier for us to leave than we could have. In my opinion, the mischief is worth it. For weeks on end, every night I went to bed laughing and talking about that leadership conference.
Did you laugh so hard that you cried? Your chest boils with laughter, tears spill from your eyes; your face turns bright red, and your body almost twitches. It's not a forced laugh, it's uncontrollable. This is pure joy. I laugh like this at least twice a day, tears and all. If your laughter reflex could even connect to your tear ducts, I swear I would have it. If I have a good laugh during the day, then I won't be so sad later on. It makes me a happier person. It even connects me with other people. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 Not when my life is full of laughter. This is a moment in my life where I worry and think about the past. I am a fourth grade student. But my friends are very different. @CAPS4 does have a bad mood sometimes, and whenever we're down we sit on @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Very creative, I know. This @CAPS2 is dark blue and is just around the corner of the playground where the baseball field starts. We would sit and watch the entire playground during recess while reflecting on our stressful lives. Four of my close friends and I went to @CAPS2 one day when we were laid off for a break. We watched the boys run to the field as fast as @CAPS4 to start their daily football game. Pretty much everyone in @ORGANIZATION1 goes to the ballpark to play touch football. This is a cool thing for @ORGANIZATION1 rivets. Sometimes girls also join in. As we sat moping on @CAPS2, a couple of boys came up to us. "@CAPS3 playing football with us? We could use more people!" @CAPS4 said. We were not in the mood to play football but with the constant nagging we had to give in. The rain from @ORGANIZATION2 has soaked the plaza, turning the grass into a muddy mush wherever you go. We girls avoid any contact and we run much slower than boys. But we managed to score a few points for our team and dodge screens when needed. Football lightens our mood and makes us happier than @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Thus a new tradition was formed. Every day we go out with the boys and the world doesn't care when we chase each other. We dived into a chaotic field to save a ball and dashed for anyone we could find. @CAPS2 has exceeded all our thoughts as we run around and have fun. But one day when we were playing, the storm the night before made it even more muddy. It's hard to navigate when you're running around on slick surfaces. People keep slipping and falling. Then the unthinkable happened and it started raining again. But no one thought about giving up. We just laughed and moved on. The heavy rain blinded us, and the smooth ground didn't help. So collisions are inevitable. One of the girls picked up the football. The ball has been through a lot and now it's covered in dirt. She had a clear view of the finish zone and sprinted as hard as she could under the circumstances. Out of nowhere a boy from another team appeared in front of her. But instead of turning around to miss hitting him, she slipped. It's a priceless moment, almost taken from a cartoon. Her legs slid out of her and her ass fell straight to the ground. Everyone on the field was covered in laughter. But she continued to slide. The young man in front of him was so busy laughing that he didn't even notice that she was walking in his direction. That's when she took him out too. But he unfortunately landed on his face. His body was lying on top of hers, and his head was buried directly on the brown, damp ground. Even the two who fell could not help but laugh. The game was suspended as we all shared this priceless moment. A simple football game and uncontrollable laughter brought us together.
Many people believe that laughter is the key to starting a great friendship. @CAPS1 can mend broken bridges between people and even make awesome relationships better. Laughter can be so powerful, most people don't understand how powerful @CAPS7 is. I didn't know that until I met @PERSON1 two years ago. @CAPS1 just took my old @CAPS3 @CAPS2 moves to see the full potential of laughter in starting a great friendship @CAPS1, which all started when news came a few weeks before school ended. At the time I was part of a small @CAPS3 group in a small church in a small town. @CAPS3 @CAPS2, @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 are moving and will no longer be able to lead the @CAPS3 group. The sudden news saddened the entire church congregation. But no one is as frustrated as @CAPS3 they have touched in their years of ministry. We are used to this couple. Many of the few longest-living people, myself included, spend the night at their house or, in my case, babysit their young daughters. They are like family to all of us and no one wants to see them go. But sometimes I wonder if they didn't do anything. On the day they left, many good wishes and tears were exchanged. As a congregation, everyone thought no one could touch our hearts like they did. But that's just an idea. Just two short months later, news broke that someone from @LOCATION1 is heading to our small town in @LOCATION2 to interview for a new role. The moment he walked in the door, all the teenagers were guarded. His name is @PERSON1 and he is in his early twenties but has considerable experience in ministry. My first thought was, this must be a joke! @CAPS7 Can he lead a group of kids if he's just a kid himself! ? I'm not very keen on him. Neither are others. But he has something very different. He's not afraid to tell us about his life, @CAPS7 he's grown up and seems to be very honest with every question we ask. We knew then as the @CAPS3 team that maybe he was the guy. Even though I know @PERSON1 will be our new @CAPS3 @CAPS4 I still don't want to accept @CAPS1. I tried and tried to avoid him, though @CAPS1 it always seemed like we had to deal with each other, not what we both wanted. So in the end, @PERSON1 decided that @CAPS1 was the time for the two of us to get to know each other. A @DATE1 @TIME1 My mom got a call from someone at church, she won't tell me who it is but I need to go. So I did. Who is there? @PERSON1, it's just the two of us and our colleague @CAPS4 in the shelter because @CAPS1 is too unsuitable for us to be alone. "Your mom didn't tell you @CAPS6 you were here, did she?" I laughed, "@CAPS6 no she didn't" "@CAPS7 Do you think you were talking to me? Hang out, where do you want to go?" Hmmm ....ok @CAPS7 do you think going to @ORGANIZATION1? " The question baffled him, @CAPS1 did it to most people, but he embraced the idea." @CAPS8 @CAPS6 Are we going to @ORGANIZATION1? ' he said as he pulled into the parking lot. "I didn't know @CAPS1 was just the first thing that popped into my head. "We all laughed. I feel more at home with him now and for the first time really thought it could be a really fun trip. @CAPS1 started to get pretty boring as we walked through the building. But , the boredom went away when we decided to walk through the toy aisle and set off all the toy sirens and sirens. As we walked through the aisle, one toy after another started ringing, each making some kind of ridiculous noise, Pushing anyone against the wall, a lot of people do. We ended up walking around the store to other parts of the store and getting to know each other a bit. @CAPS1 I am amazed that we both love A lot of the same stuff. He told me more about his childhood like @CAPS7, he was adopted, what @CAPS1 was like before and after. @CAPS1 is weird, not so long ago I didn't want anything to do with @PERSON1 Relationship, now I'm walking around @ORGANIZATION1 laughing and having fun. That was about three years ago. Shortly after @PERSON1 had to leave. Lots of rumours being told to @CAPS6 because he didn't really Tell anyone except the fact that the council asked him to leave. For whatever reason, I'm still in touch with him and glad that day for @ORGANIZATION1 has happened.
Although my sister and I have very different personalities and many times we don't find humor in the same things, we still shared some humorous moments. This is when you decide to go with the flow and enjoy someone's company instead of letting it bother you. On a sunny day in @LOCATION1, I kind of convinced my sister to go roller skating with me. My dad drove us to a park with a big pond in the middle. The pond is nice as there is a smooth walkway around the pond, my sister and I all the way to @CAPS1. The pond was not very good as it was full of ducks and geese and of course their droppings. We've always thought of pond water as one of the most disgusting things on earth. We put on our roller skates and stood up carefully. Our dad was getting ready to take a nap in the car as we circled the lake. While we were skating, we noticed a man and a woman on a very small boat on a date together. They were completely unaware that their boat was leaning violently to one side. My sister and I thought it would be funny if the boat capsized suddenly. We let that idea pass and continue our rout. On our next lap, we heard a woman yelling. When we looked up, it was the woman on the boat. The woman is now standing on the shore, yelling at the man, dropping everything she has from the boat, and is now floating in the dirty pond water. The man waited in the water until his chest collected their stuff and tried to dispose of his upside-down boat. "That date was clearly unsuccessful," I thought. We could barely stop laughing. We rolled back to the car as fast as we could. My sister was in front of me and when she tried to stop it, she couldn't stop it. She basically slammed into the car with her body, fell backwards, and rolled under it. Dad hurriedly opened the door and found me crying with laughter. We pulled my sister out of the car and drove home.
When I told my mom I wanted to use @CAPS5 to raise money for a trip to @LOCATION1 from sunset to sunrise, she laughed. Her laughter was downright sarcastic, as if she was saying, "Is this a joke?". However, when it comes to really thinking about the crazy idea of running @NUM1 hours straight, the laughter starts to die down. The idea makes sense. I want to go to @LOCATION1 with my school band for about @MONEY1. My family doesn't have that money, and I certainly don't bribe my neighbors penny-for-money to buy cheap cookie dough from magazines. I need to make money in a way that is not only meaningful but also efficient. What better way to do this than long distance @CAPS5? A skill that I not only like, but am good at? Plan to start small; I'll go from sunset to sunrise @CAPS5 with some friends and want to improve @MONEY2. After consulting with my distance running coach, I realized that running @NUM1 hours would allow me to run more than @NUM3 miles in a row. So what if I'm 15 and have never run a marathon before? Something inside me told me it was possible. So we made a plan; I'm going to run @CAPS5 about @NUM4 miles a week and three hours on @DATE3. I run about 10 miles a day, including repetitive hill climbing, back running, and many, many lunges. For some reason, my coach and I both agreed that I could do it. Running is one thing, but there is a reason behind running; raising money. A family friend @PERSON1 who is both a runner and an organization expert helped me out. When I told him my goal was to raise @MONEY2, he looked at me and said firmly that I could do better. We started with local businesses requesting everything from bananas to an energy gel called "@CAPS1". @PERSON1 taught me how to dress, speak, and present to every business, helped me make a flyer to put in a cafe, and a way to organize the money I brought in. Next up are friends. Surprisingly, I found that many friends not only want to donate, but also want to participate in all-@CAPS4 @CAPS5, so I created a running "class". Soon I had about 20 people with me at @CAPS5, 10 businesses sponsoring me, and 4 "drivers" supporting me and my "crew" in a car with mattresses, food, and water in the back ". Before I knew it, my entire community was cheering for me and that crazy, ridiculous idea went on. The @CAPS4 of "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 All-@CAPS4 @CAPS5" popped up before me. My stomach was knotted the day before and I could barely rest. However, when people got ready for @CAPS5, drove their cars and cheered on the whole event, my fears started to subside. @DATE4 It was sunny earlier with clear skies and warm temperatures and everyone who came was happy and inspiring. On that fateful day @DATE1, as the sun went down, a group of teenagers in their mid-twenties, with crazy goals and strong spirits, set off from my house jogging awkwardly, knowing they would be back the next day when the sun rose. conquered the almost impossible. As we run, headlights are on, music is on, we play wacky running games to pass the time, and sing silly songs to get our feet moving in the brisk, cool @CAPS4. The hardest part for me was getting back to my home after @NUM5 miles, going to the toilet around @TIME1 and realizing I had seven hours left. As miles and minutes start to fuse in the seemingly endless @CAPS4, I have a hard time believing the sun will rise again. We all desperately want to stop, rest and sleep. @CAPS4, our feet on the icy pavement, shadowing across the endless @CAPS4, our eyes looking for the sunrise, it means it's time for us to stop. The sunrise at @NUM6 in the morning on @DATE2 is the most heartwarming sight I have ever seen. With @NUM7 miles behind me, everyone in my group was far more than @NUM8, we were all exhausted and cold to the core. The people who had been resting jumped out of the support cars and ran the last mile with me, each of us watching in awe as the light seeped into the darkness, the warm light illuminating the silent frost world. The sun rose big and orange, and when my feet finally came to a stop, a tired but energetic shout came from everyone's throats. It was then, in that beautiful sunrise, that my mom and I hugged and laughed; not sarcastic laughter, but about how a girl did the impossible.
My best friend is probably my brother @PERSON2. It was in the middle of @DATE1 and we were sitting at the wooden table in my mom's backyard. @PERSON2 started telling me how much he wanted to accomplish in high school and he "just finished it all". I sat there listening intently for about 30 minutes as @PERSON2 poured out his heart and his pain almost broke my heart. @PERSON2's best friend @PERSON1 just told @PERSON2 @CAPS1 he was out with the girl @PERSON2 likes and their friendship is over. @PERSON2 was hurt by this betrayal, coupled with his fear of being kicked out of school for grades, the pressure from our parents at the time was simply too much for a 17 year old @PERSON2 to handle. After that, I chatted with @PERSON2 for at least half an hour about what I thought he should do, and at the end of our heart-to-heart conversation I told @PERSON2, "@CAPS1 you didn't put it together, it started to change. Get good grades and they'll kick you out of school, @PERSON2. Honestly, I'd be really pissed at you @CAPS1 if this happened; because the only person @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 need to nag about is me." We all laughed silently for a minute, stopped, and laughed until we cried. To this day I don't know what's funny, maybe how serious everything was when we were kids, or @CAPS1, it was just a release of stress and anxiety for both of us. That little, lame joke I made at the end of the conversation made everything look good and made us think about how young we are and how insignificant so many of these issues are in the grand scheme of life. The initial laughter allowed us to simply let go. After this happened @PERSON2, I move on with our lives as @CAPS1, it never happened, never said. Except that @PERSON2 never had bad grades for the rest of his high school career, he chose his friend over this girl's chance, but found another girl that @ORGANIZATION1 recognized. Did laughter help @PERSON2 through this difficult time? I can't tell, but all I know is that there was laughter and @PERSON2 did what he needed to do.
Laughter breaks all barriers. Just a giggle or a quiet laugh can expand someone's world. Laughter is a sign. It tells someone that a new idea, wish or dream will be created. Once a person laughs, he or she is with someone - they are forming a relationship. When @PERSON1 and I laughed together for the first time, it was definitely the beginning of something new in my opinion. As soon as I hear his cautious, uncertain, happy, and just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggles, I'm ready to be kicked out the door. I had the pleasure of hearing this laughter for three days that summer at @DATE2. That was @DATE1, and for the past four days, I've spent the last four days in the mountains and hills of @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1's never-ending desert. That day, my cousin @CAPS1 and I were about to step into a familiar territory: shopping malls. As a bonus, that cautious, uncertain, happy and just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggles jumped and jumped with us. When @PERSON1 walked up to us in the food court, he absolutely managed to be cool. You can tell he does find time to brush his hair and decide what to wear, just to look as pretty as him. "@CAPS2, hello everyone!" he exclaimed smoothly. Our eyes met at once, and my cheeks already hurt. The next few minutes we spend together are crucial. I need to make a good impression on this person. We're standing in the queue for @ORGANIZATION1 where he'll pick up his usual order of two @CAPS3 @CAPS4' @CAPS5 without lettuce, a large serving of chips and a large serving of @CAPS6. black pepper. As for me, all I want is a small vanilla ice cream cone. Glancing at another cash register, I see @PERSON1 turning his head in the corner of my eye. "@CAPS7, do you have @MONEY1?" he asked me hesitantly. He fiddled a few times in his pocket, brushing the sweet blonde hair from his face. I smiled silently to myself, and his response was one of my favorite things about him to this day - his smile. I still chuckled and said "@CAPS8", then carefully handed @MONEY1 to him. To this day, @PERSON1 is my best friend. In the end, I did get back the @MONEY1 he owed me. Since the moment we waited in line at @ORGANIZATION1, the next few hours have been filled with laughter. I don't really remember a single thing he said that at least didn't make me grin as much as possible. Literally, I went through a few jumps and flips that day and made a new friend. Even so, I was completely unaware of the amazing journey with this boy. It's all because of @PERSON1's first natural instinct, we both had feelings for each other; lol. If I never laughed so hard, my stomach hurts, or never laughed so hard with tears streaming down my cheeks, we couldn't have that connection. He's not sure, happy and just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggles never get old. Laughter is one of the main keys to our friendship. One of us had to make a little cluck every once in a while. Also, @PERSON1 is still in @LOCATION2. I'm not. As much as we all wish we could, we are not in the same place. We need to be able to thrive in different places. So if someone ever said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". Then they are absolutely right. When @PERSON1 and I laughed together, it didn't feel like we were fifteen hundred miles apart. So this laughter, which is just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggles, is an element and part of my life, and I'm so grateful. This laughter formed one of the greatest relationships of my short fifteen years of life, and I sincerely hope that it will form many more fond memories in the years to come.
The surrounding lights were dim, and there was a fluorescent lamp hanging in the corner. Our raucous TV showing an action-packed sci-fi movie drowned out the profanity rap escaping from my brother's headphones. Snuggled up on the couch, my sister @PERSON2 and I alternately braid each other's hair. Our kittens @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON1 are racing to find food and water. As always, @PERSON1 was excellent, @ORGANIZATION2 hurried up to the dining room chair and failed. Annoyed @CAPS1 @CAPS2 sighed in frustration as @ORGANIZATION2 tripped over his laptop charger and unplugged it. Keys clink, doors slam, quick footsteps: @CAPS3's home! It's @NUM1 o'clock, we've settled on the couch, and everyone checks seats after grabbing the food. The aroma of spicy @CAPS4 food wafted through the apartment as everyone enjoyed chalupas and gulped @ORGANIZATION1 from @LOCATION1. After the napkins were handed out, the cats lingered at our feet, waiting for their share. The last bite of my chalupa was divided among the cats, which caused some commotion. @PERSON1 takes on @ORGANIZATION2! Her attitude starts to shine when @PERSON1's thief steals parts of @ORGANIZATION2. This caused @ORGANIZATION2 to hiss at her and jump on the coffee table. On the way, she rushed past five glasses of wine at the end of the table and managed to knock over two of them. Then, the very unremarkable nacho cheese covers her striped gray paws, leaving a one-inch circle of yellow-orange to confuse us. Tiny sharp white teeth exposed as she devours the remains of @PERSON2 chalupa. Raining on the coffee table is @ORGANIZATION1's blue foam trail, puddles gather on the new suede sofa under my feet. @PERSON2 choked on hilarious laughter, yelling at @ORGANIZATION2 for stealing her chalupa. After @ORGANIZATION2 escaped, @PERSON1 innocently trotted behind her. My sister was still pissed so to calm her down I took off my new @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 dyed socks and threw the mess on her head. Instead of slapping her face in the way I'd liked, the socks whizzed past her ears and splashed into my mom's belly. Between socks and cats, the whole family crumbles! @CAPS1 @CAPS2 recreates the scene, and his wild sound makes us laugh even more. After a few minutes, the laughter died down and we got ready for the next humorous event. After a rainy softball practice, I'm cold, my siblings are just hanging out, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 frustrated by a failed job, @CAPS3 exhausted by a long day at work. We all look forward to what the night has in store for us: put our busy brains on a fluffy pillow and let sleep dominate our lives for the next @NUM1 hours. Throughout our sleepiness, we can still happily spend time with each other. Considering that @PERSON1 is younger than @ORGANIZATION2, hilarious situations like this amuse my family every day. Amazingly, @ORGANIZATION2 donned a samurai suit this time, which added a few minutes to the hilarious process. Not only that, but it affected everyone's dinner. My family is lucky enough to see the light in strange circumstances. The main element of our memorable moments was laughter. Laughter is one of the few bonds our family will always have.
When we learned to laugh @DATE1 while we were on vacation at @LOCATION2, I realized that laughter is an important part of our lives and an important factor in bringing friends and family together. I also found out a while ago that laughter relieves stress and even helps you lose weight, which I find funny. On the other hand, my sister still doesn't quite believe that laughter can do it all. She thinks it's just exaggerated. She figured that if her friends didn't want to be with her, they had a problem, and if we didn't have enough food at home, it could be my parents' fault. There was always someone responsible for what happened to her, and there was a bad side to everything. But @DATE1 will be different, she's about to discover she doesn't have to live that way because there's always an alternative. The @LOCATION2 trip is what everyone looks forward to, even me. I really enjoyed meeting my cousins and the rest of the family. Everyone packed up and we were ready to leave, get in the car and head to the airport. My aunt @CAPS1 is already waiting for us at @LOCATION2 city airport. Everything is going smooth. So far...when we got there, my aunt took us all to our small town in @LOCATION1 state, just an hour and a half from the airport. When we got there, I noticed the strange look on my sister's face, she seemed a little confused, lost in her own thoughts, as if worried about something. ..." I sounded sarcastic and wanted to start a conversation. "@CAPS3 has a weird face! "She said this was the @DATE1 thing she told me until we got to our destination. When we got to our grandparents' house, we started seeing all of our family already waiting for us outside. See them there The joy was incredible. I looked around and saw my sister and I was so happy she looked happy, I thought she was really enjoying the moment. I don't know what @CAPS2 misunderstood about her, her sudden attitude That changed until we got to my grandma's little playground in the backyard. During that time, I met new family members, saw some old and familiar faces, and remembered good and bad memories that I thought had Disappeared from my mind. Turns out they were still there, always in the back of my head, I tried to hide them so they would never show up again, but somehow they managed to escape and re-enter my Mind, then when I started feeling like a monster again. All of a sudden, I remembered when we came to visit a few years ago. That's when it all came and I saw the whole scene again and I felt Horrible. She was there and my little sister @PERSON1 was on the swing and suddenly she let go of the swing and felt like she was falling into the mud puddle there. Everyone laughed and I laughed. I thought it was funny but she No laughing, no crying, she just got up and ran in. I never stopped to ask if she was okay, I didn't realize how my actions affected her. It's all my fault, I know she doesn't care about certain things The situation is very sensitive but I didn't help her and I didn't give her sister the comfort and support she needed so she never learned to laugh at herself and move on. It would be good advice to give her instead of laughing at her. Then, after After a few minutes of thinking, I walked up to her and apologized, she looked a little confused at first, but then she realized where I was going. It made the rest of the journey easier because I knew @CAPS2 was wrong, we all Do your best to solve the problem and boost her self-esteem. Laughter is perfect therapy for her. All she has to do is learn how to laugh at herself when things aren't going the way she wants. It's hard, but we're done Our purpose. My sister discovered the power of laughter and she learned to stand up from her mistakes. Life taught us both an important lesson @DATE1. I believe this has been one of the most exciting trips we have ever had , the memory of that trip will stay with us forever.
LOL I've always been the one who laughed a lot. It doesn't take a lot of effort to make me laugh fit out, and the topic doesn't even need to be funny. I'm not the "nerve of laughing" type though. I think my laugh suits me because I'm quiet, just like I laugh. I'm always a little embarrassed when my laugh becomes louder than usual. The weather has been very cold lately, with snow falling here and there. I've been craving some good, warm weather swimming just now. Just this past weekend, my boyfriend, @PERSON1, and I went uphill to play in the thick snow. After being in the snow for a few hours, we went back down the hill to his house, using his hot tub.Obviously it was very cold and I, the fairer weather girl, just wanted somewhere to warm up. First, we stopped my house so I could grab my swim kit, I recently ordered off the line and was dying to use it. We left our clothes in the back room and ran out in the cold to get in the hot tub in his backyard. The hot water feels so good; it relaxes my icy body and my muscle tension. We were in the hot tub for about 45 minutes before we noticed how craving we were. Now that we've got all the warmups, we've decided that @CAPS1 sounds good. We jumped out of the hot tub and ran to the back room to dry off and get our clothes. I've gotten all dry and started putting my jeans back. When I put my jeans on my first stop I just have a feeling I'm going to drop. Sure enough, when I got there midway through my second leg I lost my balance, tripped over a huge exercise machine, and fell hard on my butt. I started breaking laughs, along with @PERSON1, I was a little embarrassed, but at least it didn't hurt too bad. I've got a few minutes of walking around and my butt started to hurt more and more. @PERSON1 also keeps dropping jokes on me, even though they are very funny and I try not to laugh. When we had a conversation, when we finished talking, he turned away towards the door and hit him on the head with the exact same motion machine that I had tripped over him facing me a few minutes ago. Instantly, I was laughing and crooked. I couldn't move, I laughed hard. It looked like it had hurt when he hit him in the head and he had a nice red bump under his eye. He wasn't nearly as interesting as I did, just walk out the door to find it. Still, laughing hysterically I wanted to follow him out the door, but it was hard to move from so much laughter. My stomach laughs from all the hurt when it finally starts to subside. Still smirking at me, I walked over to his pickup and waited for him while he was talking about his dad. When I turned to see if he was coming I started laughing again only to see him warming up. When he saw me smile again the look on his face was priceless just. I can imagine why I looked hilarious to him; laughing again in his pickup hysteria all by myself. Laughter is one of the very few things in this world that is free. Everyone's laughter is unique, as circumstances change. There are many different kinds of laughing people who can have such nervousness, joy, dizziness, etc. If people can share a laugh it can bring them together. Laughter through the world is a universal sign of happiness. People of any age, race or religion can share a laugh. Overall, laughter is just a great feeling.
It all started one morning when I heard my massive alarm clock spew out again. So I reached out and pressed the button, which turned off this very loud unit. When I found myself ten minutes late, I jumped out of bed and took a shower. When I'm done, I put on my usual @CAPS1 shirt and jeans, then unplug the phone from the charger and put it in my pocket. After dealing with the situation at hand, I went downstairs to the kitchen and prepared a plain oatmeal. After dinner, I packed up my books and walked back up the stairs to brush my teeth. After doing this, I brushed my coat and hat in one go. I fastened them to me, grabbed my backpack, and walked out the door. I stood there on that cold and rainy morning, thinking about what the day would be like for me. Suddenly, their voices were loud, and I turned to face the imminent threat, only to find that the bus had arrived. My mind quickly recovered from @CAPS2's slightly frightened state, and I stepped on the bus. Riding the bus is no different than everyone else, kids yelling about what happened at school yesterday, what they were doing @CAPS2 @DATE1, and other seemingly useless conversations. I sat there, staring out the bus window, observing, studying, and mapping the current route of the large vehicle. We stopped at a bus stop and on the bus came my good friend @PERSON1. As usual, she came to sit next to me and we started talking about the usual cars, music and the occasional joke. When I started making up a creative and engaging joke, she just told one from the top of her head. We both just started laughing and I even felt a tear in my eye socket. @CAPS1 We didn't stop laughing until we got to school and my jokes were successfully forgotten. This joke stuck in my head all day, and until the day of @CAPS2, I still think it's one of the best jokes I've ever heard. Of the countless jokes, mean comments, and puns I've heard, this one brings the most laughs. But then @PERSON1 moved to another city and @CAPS2 was a sad day. Just the next day I heard the old saying, "@CAPS2 once at the band camp..." and the stories and laughter came back into my life. I learned a few things from my friends that day that I moved away, but the jokes told remain.
It all started with my eighth grade class planning to go to the movies together. I had an idea for a movie, so I picked a few movies that were released in theaters. The choice is between "@CAPS1 @CAPS2", @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 and another movie I can't remember. As a team, we decided to go to @CAPS3 for @CAPS4. Movie stars @PERSON1 and @CAPS7 in @CAPS8 @CAPS9. I thought the movie was really good, but there was one part of the movie that made me laugh so hard. The scene starts with @PERSON1 and @CAPS7 wandering around looking for a place to spend the night; they seem to have @CAPS4 @LOCATION1; @LOCATION1 has a big role in the movie. After a long day full of dire situations, they found a decent sized cave they thought would be a good place to spend the night. Going back a little bit, earlier that day, in the movie, @PERSON1 met a local named @LOCATION1. @LOCATION1 is a human-like creature that walks like a monkey but has a human face but has a Harry's body around it. They met him while traveling through the desert, saving him from execution. For this, @LOCATION1 is very grateful and is @CAPS11's guide around the mysterious @CAPS3, which is foreign to humans and has never been seen before. Going back to what I talked about earlier, when @PERSON1 and @CAPS7 finally entered the cave, they saw two full body skeletons sitting on a table with an old record player on it, but the records were playing and making music. Just a second later, @LOCATION1 appears in the frame of the scene and does a little dance that brings him closer but in front of the table. Then @LOCATION1 does multiple pelvic thrusts in different directions, basically bulging air. Watching that scene made me laugh the most of my life. To this day, I look back and laugh as much as I did the first time I saw this movie. About a month later, I went to a good friend's house of mine and we watched the movie again. We all fell off the couch laughing when we arrived at the @CAPS13 jig's set. We replayed that scene about ten times and ended up crying because we laughed so hard. Laughter is good for the soul and morals and for building friendships. Thanks @CAPS14 for making us laugh!
Laughter A true story involving @CAPS4 and laughter was when I was hanging out with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @PERSON1 and her fiance @PERSON4 (professional quad racer) at the @ORGANIZATION1 concert in @LOCATION2. The concert was the best concert I've been to and probably the best concert I've been to because @ORGANIZATION1 is my favorite band. They even played the song that made them, called @CAPS3 @CAPS4. When we were there the music was very loud and a bunch of people were drinking, getting drunk and doing stupid things. Like this guy sitting on the grass behind his girlfriend, this guy drinks too much. He was standing behind his girlfriend, laughing at a joke one of his drunk friends told him, then he leaned on her but only landed on top of her, folding her in half like a lawn chair. My @CAPS1 and @CAPS4 started laughing and it was funny. But then the guy's girlfriend got up and walked out of the stadium, so he was sad. The rest of the concert was great fun. Front row seats are only available for those above @NUM1 because during concerts the band would take out some beer guns and dash to the front row with beer. The front row is the craziest row. It's crazy in the back too, people smoke weed in the back, but we don't. We all smelled like weed when we left and didn't want to be pulled over for any reason and let the police think we were poison. Long drive home, we live at @LOCATION3, @ORGANIZATION2, we drive to @LOCATION4, @LOCATION2 and come back a day later. I was so tired we didn't even sit in any chairs to go to the concert so we had to stand in the same place for about @NUM2 hours. But it's worth seeing my favorite bands at concerts. They had some other bands before them that were great too. Band likes; @PERSON2, @CAPS5/@CAPS6 and @CAPS7. So this is definitely the best concert I've been to. The second best concert I've been to is the @CAPS8 concert at @LOCATION1 with my @CAPS9 @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 @PERSON1 during @CAPS10 @CAPS11. Before the concert we did a lot of things like; watching animals, eating, biking, shopping, eating more, drinking and walking around @CAPS11. Lots of things make @CAPS4 laugh when my @PERSON1 steps on horse and goat poo, when my mom puts food on her lap. The concert was really cool and they played some songs for the new album @CAPS12 and @CAPS13. Just drive to the @ORGANIZATION1 concert, it's not that good. But it's still great.
Laughter in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are many elements that are very important in one's life. Many do it to make friends, to be successful, but mostly to find happiness. Everyone wants a happy life, right? The greatest happiness comes from your heart. Many people believe that laughter comes from within you, believing that it makes you and those around you truly happy. One factor where laughter is important in a relationship is optimism about your partner and friends. This shows people that you are not just a pessimistic, rude, unhappy person. You can actually enjoy life and have a good time. After all, no one wants to be with someone who is always negative and only sees bad things. Your partner will bore you and you will lose friends. Being able to laugh and joke around with people makes life a lot easier. @MONTH1 It doesn't seem like much, but if you're having fun and laughing, it will reduce your stress. Another reason why laughter is so important in a relationship is your laughter. What if you had a boyfriend, our girlfriend, who had never heard your laughter before, and once they heard your laughter, they thought it was the most annoying thing in the world? Research shows that they are likely to leave you. On that note, if you do have a really annoying laugh that's why you don't want to laugh, I'll stick with the smile because we girls have really cute smiles that let us escape a lot. Finally, @CAPS2 is another major part of laughter that matters in a relationship, and that is happiness. You need to laugh to be happy. Without laughter, what is a smile? How can happiness shine without laughter? Life gets boring when everything you do is pantomime. Don't laugh, don't laugh, don't be happy! When you laugh, it helps others laugh and have fun. Plus, it's fun! Like crying when you laugh too hard, or when you need to go to the bathroom really bad, it gets worse when you start laughing. Laughter brings back memories. Memory is a very important part of growing up. So now that you understand these three elements of why or how laughter is important to anyone's life, relationships or friendship, go out and laugh. It will make you feel better. :)
Hi, my name is @CAPS1 @CAPS11 and I'm going to take you through one of the funniest experiences I've ever had. This is a little adventure @DATE1 about my @CAPS11 my friend @CAPS11's story, a day we will never forget. It started with one of the best days I've ever seen, and I mean amazing blue skies, warm @DATE1 air, @CAPS11 laughter from kids playing in the street. I @CAPS11 my three friends @PERSON3, @PERSON1, @CAPS11 @CAPS2 were sitting around my back porch playing our guitars and as usual @CAPS11 we decided we needed to do something new. As we sit at @CAPS11, there is nothing we can do to think. Until @PERSON1 suggested we go to the beach @CAPS11 to meet his cousin "@CAPS3 has a nice house on the beach @CAPS11 probably won't care if we pass by." @CAPS3 said. The three of us looked at each other @CAPS11 looked at @PERSON1 @CAPS11 said "let's go!" We packed our boards, guitars, @CAPS11 food @CAPS11 We went. None of us had been to @CAPS5 on our way to the @CAPS4 city skate park. We drove for at least an hour looking for it. Adding to the fact that @CAPS11 is about to give up looking for parks, we decided to take a @DATE1 loop @CAPS11 @CAPS10 what happened. "@CAPS5 it's" @CAPS2 shouts, "@CAPS5 is the park I found." We look at @CAPS11 @CAPS5 in the distance. Cradle, snake run, everything. We stopped @CAPS11. We got out of the car to go ice skating but out of nowhere it started pouring rain @CAPS11 and the park was soaking wet. We went back to the car to find shelter, only to find @PERSON3 locked his keys in the car. Luckily @CAPS3 has @CAPS7, so @CAPS3 calls them @CAPS11 and lets them come to @CAPS11 to unlock cars. It took them an hour and a half @CAPS11 to find us @CAPS11 to unlock the car. Now we are all crazy @CAPS11 wondering if this trip is a good option. @CAPS8 leaves the park and we decided it's better to go to @PERSON1's cousin's house @CAPS11 and stop at @CAPS5 at @TIME1. When we got @CAPS5, we greeted @CAPS11 warm clothes with open arms, "looks like you guys are wearing rough clothes" @CAPS3 said, "I'm @PERSON2 and I'm sure @PERSON1 has told you everything about me at the moment So far." @CAPS8 We changed into the clothes @PERSON2 gave us and we went to @CAPS11 and sat by his fireplace to warm up. Five of us sat @CAPS5 @CAPS11 talking about what it's like to be forever. Then I said, "I wish we could have a big fire on the beach." "We could" @PERSON2 said, "I know the perfect place." @CAPS3 took us to a cove on the beach, not far from his house About NUM1 yards, what @CAPS3 calls Driftwood Bay. "@CAPS10, told you I had the perfect location." @CAPS11 It's perfect, secluded, sandy, @CAPS11 all the firewood you could possibly need. We made a fire @CAPS11 and kept throwing wood on it until it was over @NUM2 feet tall. For the rest of @CAPS11 to @TIME1, we sat around the fire and played guitar in a circle as @CAPS11 told the story of our day. Laughing @CAPS11 noticing that even though the start of our day wasn't very fun, we closed it the only way we wanted, sitting around the fire, playing music at @TIME1, @CAPS11 laughing with your friends.
According to @CAPS4, laughter means a lot in a relationship. Laughter can mean several things. It probably means that you are happy and that you are enjoying life. All @CAPS4 friendships and relationships include laughter. Half the time we are laughing, the other half we are expressing ourselves. Laughter can also signal the beginning or end of a relationship. Many people will think of laughter as a happy response, but sometimes a person may laugh out of nervousness. But I think we're talking about the happy kind here. All @CAPS4 friendships contain laughter, but they also contain moments when you need to listen or listen to someone. One of the @CAPS4 friendships that included a lot of laughs was with @CAPS4 friend @PERSON3. We've laughed a lot since the day I first saw her. Usually its @PERSON3 is the joker and me and a few others are the spectators. However, there are also moments that don't involve laughter. Moments, @PERSON3 can be a good listener. Jokes and giggles can show how close you are to someone. Just like @CAPS4 friend @PERSON2 and me. She is one of @CAPS4's closest friends. We share everything with each other, at least almost everything. We tell each other what happened to our family and all this good stuff. But there are plenty of moments full of laughter, giggles, and making up jokes about @CAPS5 Know what. Whether it twists in some weird way, or even if it doesn't make sense, we still laugh at it. No matter how stupid I @MONTH1 was around her, we always laughed it off and made fun of each other. not bad. Often, when people fall, they feel embarrassed or afraid of what others will say. For a while I was sitting on the skateboard of @CAPS4 friend @PERSON4 and was sitting on the sidewalk rolling back and forth when I hit a bump. I'm pretty sure you can guess what's going to happen next. I flew off my skateboard and landed on @CAPS4's ass on cement. I sat there for a second and just stared. Shocked, I flew off the skateboard as soon as I sat down. Quite disappointing. But then I got it, and I laughed like I just landed on the @CAPS4 ass and it didn't matter in front of one of @CAPS4's friends. @PERSON4 is laughing too. I do not mind. @PERSON4 didn't even make fun of me. Laughing can get off your shoulders and help you turn it into a joke. This is what I did. @CAPS4's relationship with @CAPS4 @CAPS1 is full of jokes. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 is the kind of guy @CAPS5 just likes telling jokes and/or acting like some historical figure to confuse people. When I have half the time on the phone, @CAPS4 @CAPS1 trying to see if I'll love one of his little tricks. At one point, he tried to say he was @PERSON1 and he invented all these different electronics. I shook my head @CAPS4 and said, "@CAPS1, you're not very good at acting." @CAPS2 He said, "I'm not your @CAPS1. Seriously @PERSON1." I laughed and said, "@PERSON1 die He's dead, how is he talking to me on the phone, @CAPS1? I know it's you." @CAPS4 @CAPS1 laughed: "@CAPS5 told you I'm dead? Obviously, I'm still here, little Madam." I laughed, "@CAPS6 Hmm. Of course. And I'm not a little woman." "@CAPS7 Well, I give up. You can't be kidding, can you?" , he said. I frowned, "Of course I can, what are you talking about, @LOCATION1? It's just that you're not very good at acting." "@CAPS7 Of course, blame me." He laughed, "Where's your mom?" That's the end of the joke of course time, but @CAPS4 @CAPS1 and I actually have a strong relationship. His @CAPS4 adopted @CAPS1 in case it wasn't mentioned. So, when I first met him, we weren't as close as you might think. But a year later, we were closer and I knew I could trust him. That half of what he said was basically a joke. Sometimes I wonder if he knows how to be serious so he doesn't confuse people, like, for example, me. For me, there should always be laughter in relationships, otherwise it just makes everything serious. In @CAPS4's opinion, it's hard to stay close. And me, myself, I like to laugh and have close friends. Because it's always nice to have someone laugh with you when I'm feeling down. Being able to laugh and help people is a great quality. There is no laughter in the world, and like I said before, the world is too serious, too serious. Would @CAPS5 want that? I will not. That would be horrible. In @CAPS4's opinion, when people laugh, it makes the world a more livable place. Laughter is a gift, a very special gift.
For me, laughter is someone who shows joy and excitement to others around you. Laughter @MONTH1 is sometimes used in the wrong way, like @CAPS1 where someone gets hurt when @CAPS2 hurts them, other people laugh at them in any way. @CAPS2 not only fills me up when I can make other people laugh or giggle, but also the other person I'm talking to. @CAPS2 showed us both that we can be happy, and @CAPS4 we have joy. I have a friend who goes to school with me every day and he always seems grumpy or depressed. When someone asks him what's wrong or @CAPS1 he's ok @CAPS2 it seems like he's just more annoyed. So as one of his closest friends, I try to help him, and @CAPS2 has been working so far, and I can make him happy by laughing and putting a big smile on my face. Every time I see him in the hallway or even outside the school, I say something to him to make him smile and laugh. By the way, I showed him that I care about him, he knows I don't want him to be grumpy with other people, we've developed a bond, and we seem to be spending more time together. He's in a better mood @CAPS2 makes his school day more fun and enjoyable, and for everyone else around him. @CAPS1 I'm going to explain who I am I'd say I'm a very happy person, I respect others, I express and show that to others. Joy brings joy to others around, and witches usually bring laughter. Laughter is a very important part of your daily life and I think @CAPS2 brings people closer, so don't be afraid to use @CAPS2.
Laughter is important in any relationship because it brings two people closer, connects them between things in common, and creates an unbreakable bond between the two of them. In fact, I might not even be able to get through my day-to-day school life without laughter. Without laughter, especially a class would be a nightmare. At @ORGANIZATION1 we are dissecting cats, we are working with partners, my partner and I will hate each other if I don't joke and laugh at work. We had to choose our partners and work in the lab with another pair of students, fortunately I know all the people I work with, and I'm friends with them. We had to wear gloves and suits so we wouldn't get liquids or "cat juice". First, we have to skin the cat, of course there is more than one way to do this, you can cut, slice, tear and pull to remove the skin. Then we have to look and identify muscles, which is especially difficult because we can't tell where one muscle starts and another ends. Next we have to remove the muscles and identify the bones and digestive organs. After we identified the bones and digestive organs, we had to remove them and look at the stomach, liver, intestines and kidneys. We had to cut the stomach, intestines and kidneys to see their structure. Finally, we have to remove the heart and lungs. The class was told we were going to have an autopsy for about a month, and now it's only three weeks. You can only imagine how scary and charming it was, how much laughter I needed to unite myself and keep from going crazy. My friends make me stop crying, make me laugh. Dissecting cats in @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 is not only a physical challenge, but also a mental one. It's stressful, charming, gruff, no jokes and laughter, and I don't think I'll ever be able to. My friends were there to support me in terrifying tasks when I needed them. So you can clearly see that without the laughter, I wouldn't be able to do some of the day-to-day things I do at school.
A few years ago, when I was in middle school, I met one of my best friends and I had a great time with him. The first time I saw her was in math class, and she had an assigned seat next to me. We started talking, and even though we didn't know each other very well, I could say that laughter was the closest thing to her. We just laugh at very random things that happen because we don't really know what to say. Sometimes it doesn't make us laugh. But even though we couldn't understand each other's jokes, we laughed. Laughter is what keeps us apart. Over time, we became good friends. Laughing is the one thing that keeps us together because we have nothing better to do. We are both people who like to laugh, otherwise we would get bored. If I or she didn't have a sense of humor when we first met, I don't think we would end up getting along that well. There's really not much we can do because we don't know each other very well. We would just hang out at lunch with any other class we were taking, but all we did was laugh at things we thought were funny, which was really stupid. We have nothing better to do. After a few months, we seem to be very close friends, not just in laughter. We got to know each other better, finally had something to say, and we found that we had something in common. Laughter is still relevant to our friendship, but not as much as when we first met. During math time, we are always laughing and joking about what we can say. This has never happened before. But now we can talk about other things too, not just the things that make us laugh, and we know that laughter isn't the only thing that keeps us together. Now we have other ways of getting along too. We all have friends we can get along with. I have some friends who are not very close, but we laugh a lot. With some of my other friends, I didn't really laugh that much and our friendship was very close. My friends and I can get along in different ways, not just in laughter. We all have different ways of getting along and having fun. Some of them are really calm and some like me who like to laugh. Most people just like the type that laughs all the time, but we're closer because of the way we get along with each other. I think laughter may be the shortest distance between two people. There are other things that keep two people in close contact. Laughing does help people have a good time together, but I don't think it's an important part of friendship. I think it's the way they get along and whether they have something in common. It also depends on how they get along and how they treat each other. Everyone has a different way of keeping them close to their friends, so I think everyone is different.
One day I was at school with my friends and I stepped on shit and all my friends were laughing at me and it was so embarrassing I was so pissed that my shoes were dirty and now I have to go home and clean my shoes I just bought it for my birthday and now I have to tell my mom that I have shit on my shoes, and when I tell my mom that I'm not mad at me, I think she's going to be mad at me because she's a worker who pays for her shoes. The next day I went to school and all my friends were laughing at me you really stepped on shit and she gave me a piece of paper with a dog shitting on a girl and I was pissed and I stared. When I came home from school, my mother asked me how did I get to school? I didn't tell her I had a bad day and everyone laughed at me. So I was just that school was good and she told me not everyone was good.
To me, laughter seems to be the foundation of a relationship; if it's a relationship with your parents, your best friend, or your spouse, it can all be formed by a single laugh or a smirk. I've seen on @CAPS1 that when a guy tries to "approach" or "approach" a girl, most of the time he tries to be funny to "break the ice". When the so-called "ice" is broken, the air opens and both people can begin to reveal their identities. My best friend and I have been friends for five years, and I hope we can still be friends in the years to come. @PERSON1 (my best friend/only friend) showed me how to be myself @PERCENT1, be with her and try to be with others. @PERSON1 has had many fun adventures with me and I will cherish the rest of my life. Just recently @PERSON1 and I skied at @LOCATION1 in @LOCATION2. @CAPS3 is her second time skiing, I've been skiing for about three years. I promised her that I would stay on the slope to help her until she hung the board under her feet, and I also promised that I would fall with her when she fell. When we got there, I showed her how to clip her bindings, what the pedal pads were for, and how to skate. The word skating means that your foot boots are bound in the front, and your left foot is not, and you put your back foot on the snow to slide or slide onto a ski lift. It took us three hours to come down from the first rabbit hill, and it usually takes less than ten minutes for one person to come down. While teaching, laughing and connecting with @PERSON1, I've noticed that when I laugh with her, I feel love, care and happiness. Laughing with her always makes me happy. In fact, that's how we became friends; laughing together. After we went downhill, she said something to me that I won't forget, "@CAPS2 you're the best friend I could ask for, if you were a man I would marry you and have your children, I Love you." @CAPS3 means a lot to me because @PERSON1 is the kind of person who keeps her love and care deep inside. @CAPS3 was the first time she said she loved me. Laughing together for five years now makes @PERSON1 feel more open to me enough to say things she never told her family. @PERSON1 and I look forward to laughing and even giggling together in our relationship.
I'm good at making people laugh, and @CAPS8 is just one of my great qualities. I have so many stories about when I made the maid laugh. Once, on our way to camping with some friends, I looked out the window and saw a sign. "@CAPS1 docks unless "@CAPS2" is "@CAPS3" @CAPS7 @CAPS8 must be @CAPS1 @CAPS4." I said. @CAPS8 So funny, I made everyone in the car laugh. @CAPS7 Later, on our way to camping with friends, we stopped at @CAPS5 in some city. As we parked there, I got into a shopping basket and my friends and I were racing around the island and all the other customers laughed. I bought a whole bunch of food when we were going somewhere. When we got back in the car, I grabbed a box of donuts I bought and let everyone else in the car eat it. We've all started eating them, and we've established that donuts are really disgusting. The doughnuts tasted dry, @CAPS8 like they didn't even have any frosting. I opened my chocolate milk and I had to drink my chocolate milk with my doughnut just to make @CAPS8 taste a little sweeter. We are all out of donuts. @CAPS8 So funny we threw the donut out the window. On the way back from the camp we went to, my friend @PERSON1 was driving home and I was sitting behind him and I had a big fight with him. I turned my phone to max volume and played the scary ringtone and I freaked him out and made him jump. @CAPS7 I licked my fingers and put @CAPS8 in his ear @CAPS7 He freaks out because he thinks @CAPS8 is really disgusting. Then he opened the window and I opened the window and reached out and grabbed his arm, freaking him out. @CAPS7 We stopped at a store in some small town and God drank soda, I bought soda to drink. When we got back in the car to leave, I said, "@CAPS6 don't get stopped, I just opened a beer. Haha." @CAPS7 I drank my soda, and when I finished my drink, I went Started laughing and some of my soda got into my nose @CAPS7 I said, "@CAPS8 is burning so hard. My nose is burning." We all laughed. Ironically, thirty minutes after I said we were stopped. We were driving on the highway and my friend @PERSON1 thought the speed limit was 65 mph, but the speed limit was 55 mph. The police pulled him over and recorded him doing seventy-five. I was going to make the cop laugh and see if we could make it easier for him, but my friend @PERSON1 refused because he was so pissed. He ended up getting a ticket and the cop was a real idiot. He looks at the license plate, @CAPS7 turns around and asks @PERSON1 if they are on the @LOCATION1 license plate, obviously they are right @LOCATION1. Everyone in the car laughed so hard @CAPS8 was hilarious. The police are really stupid. I @CAPS6 don't think anyone who went camping with me that weekend won't stop laughing. I'm good at making people laugh, and @CAPS8 is just one of my great qualities.
Laughter...what is laughter? Do you want me to tell you what laughter is? I wish I could, but I can't, describing laughter is like describing how water tastes or feels (except using the word wet) it's just one of those things you think is easy to describe to someone because it's part of your everyday life , but it's actually one of the most complicated things that can exist. Although I can't describe it, I do have a general idea of it. Now there are many reasons for laughing or the type of laugh or the feeling behind it. As far as I am concerned, I believe I am a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 who laughs once a day. I've been laughing because my friend fell down, heard a joke, remembered something from the past, pure exhaustion (yes, I laugh @CAPS1 times when I'm exhausted and stressed) the list goes on . In short, I live my life with a smile every day. I don't think I'm a happy person who makes other people laugh with her, but I've received comments from friends saying so. It's one of the wonders of laughter, if you see someone laughing and enjoying their time, you end up laughing with them somehow. When I heard a friend of mine say "Oh @PERSON1 you made me happy..." I was happy. why? It makes me happy because I know that even if it's just a good day, I'll be able to make that friend. Once in my life, although I met someone, someone I hold dear now, someone I can't imagine my life with, no one was right to say he lost his laughter. It was @DATE1 and my friend @CAPS3 invited me to meet some of her @CAPS4 friends at @CAPS4 @CAPS5 at @CAPS6. Reuniting with her friends is @CAPS1 this coffee shop. I don't know anyone but her, so I feel out of place. So after sitting down like a wallflower, I decided to go to the ice cream shop next to the coffee shop, when I realized one of the boys in our group decided to come too. We went out and he told me about himself and I told him about myself. After that day, we kept in touch and we had a long conversation through this video calling site called @ORGANIZATION1. We chat every day on @CAPS7 @CAPS8, call all night just talking to each other. After about a month of talking and staying in touch, we became closer, close enough that he could talk to me about more serious things. Well, now this boy I hold dear to so much has such a hard life. Where can I start telling you about the hardships he went through. Oh, and actually, his adoption...well, a lot of people are adopted, which isn't that harsh on most people. Well, it's not good enough that his adoptive father abuses him whenever he gets the chance and his adoptive mother just sits back and watches him do it, so what? Well, the one thing that made him continue to be his friend, that thing was with him. The childhood friend he's going to talk about, the childhood friend in the world you can be @CAPS9 but won't judge, he won't think you're the worst and will be with you if you do something that shames you of people for days in a row just to keep themselves from crying to sleep. That friend of his died in a car ride during his sophomore year of high school. His life consisted of waking up in the morning and walking to school, being ignored by everyone around him. Coming back from school and putting up with your adoptive family yelling @CAPS1 at him for saying his name ended up being beaten just because they could. Do you think he is smiling? Well, he did, but his laughter wasn't a laugh of joy. Although he laughed, nothing seemed to sense that what was behind that laughter was mechanical laughter. This is an unbearable thing for me. It breaks my heart because this man was a very dear person to me, he was such a wonderful person, he just became a part of my life and I can't see him go now. However, he was suffering and he couldn't even laugh or be happy. I still see him to this day and I have decided that one day I will definitely make him laugh. We laugh when we talk, but I want him to experience the kind of laughter he has yet to experience, and I know he will one day.
When I think of laughter, you think of memories shared with people. When I was about six, my family and I went to @ORGANIZATION1's cousin ranch. The happiest times started when we pulled up to the house, when I slowly opened my eyes from the long drive to see the porch light on. I quickly picked up all my toys and some playing cards, eagerly waiting at the door for someone to answer while my family packed their suitcases. My @CAPS1 @CAPS2 was the first to greet us at the door. When I saw @PERSON1 sleeping on the wagon, I went under his arm and put my toys in the living room. He is my best friend in the whole world and I always look forward to seeing him every time. He has brown hair and always wears a Wrangler hat, a trucker hat, and his coat tucked into his shirt. We always play Goldfish together every time I come, any time of day. I was so excited to see him and when my other cousin @PERSON2 grabbed me and started tickling me I started running towards him telling me I fell on the floor and laughing. My laughter woke up @PERSON1, he came and picked me off the ground and rescued me from @LOCATION1. He put me on the couch and started watching @CAPS3 telling me to fall asleep. The next morning, as the sun came up, I woke up to the howling of wolves outside, and when I smelled bacon and eggs coming from the kitchen, I rushed to breakfast. My dad and all the boys went out to the farm to hunt geese. At lunchtime, my mom and @PERSON3 were making some hamburgers and the boys were all back in time for lunch. Lunch wasn't ready, so @PERSON1 and I started playing goldfish, telling us it was time to eat. After lunch we went to the hay barn and found all the rattlesnakes and bullsnakes curled up on the bales. Almost every step we took was another snake curled up in the bale. Every time @PERSON1 tells me to jump back and shoot the snake in the head. After hunting @PERSON1 thought we needed a laugh, so he grabbed a bull snake and we started walking to the backyard. I'm not sure what he's doing. Tell us we got to the backyard and @PERSON3 jumped out of her chair and started running towards the house. Everyone laughed when @PERSON1 interrupted her to go around the backyard. @PERSON1 finally got her home after giving her a heart attack for about five minutes. We all went back to the house to visit. @PERSON1 and I went for more goldfish one last time. The next morning, we got up at five and started working on the farm. I went back to the tractor to sleep and told them it was done. When we were done we started packing all the clothes in the car and gave everyone a hug goodbye because I was standing @PERSON1 didn't want to leave but my mom said I couldn't stay so she picked me up and put me in vehicle. As we left, I looked back and saw they were all waving goodbye. After our visit to @DATE1, we got bad news from my @CAPS4 @PERSON3. @PERSON2 was about to go home and saw the @CAPS5 truck on the road, but when he pulled up, he saw that he had committed suicide two weeks before graduation. We attended @DATE2's funeral and after it was all over I sat in @CAPS5's room and just remembered all the laughter we shared. I know to always laugh and always remember the good times I had with my best friend. After all these years, my memory of him has never faded because of him, I always laugh when I can laugh the most. He taught me a lot since I was a kid, but whenever I need to laugh, I think about the last time I saw him.
I think laughter is one of the most important things people need to do in life. The more you laugh in your life, the better and easier it will be. It's better to laugh at something bad, such as being knocked down by someone or even making a simple mistake. It makes life less difficult, simpler and easier. Laughter can make people happy, enjoy things better, and may help them look forward to things in the future and help them conquer what they want to do in life. One thing that always makes me laugh is my family and friends. They make me laugh and make everything easier for me. They don't always say the smartest or funniest things in the world, but they do mean a lot to me. Especially when I'm not feeling sad or I just happen to be in a bad mood and they say things that make me laugh, I usually feel better because knowing they make me laugh makes me feel myself again. The simplest things make me smile more and be happier. For example, if someone says something totally stupid and knows other people laugh but I laugh. But one thing that usually doesn't make me laugh is if someone is seriously injured, like they tripped. I don't laugh because I don't want anyone to laugh at me if I fall and get hurt. I always hate people bragging about what they know other people know happened to them, eg if they talk about what they did on @DATE1 and how "tall" or "drunk" they were. It's really annoying and pointless to me because when they talk about it, I never pay attention or just walk away because all this stuff annoys me. Why do I want to hear how you ruined your life? Especially at a young age, not even at all. That's my story and why I think goodness or laughter is important.
They say laughter is the best medicine @CAPS15 I personally think that's true. Laughter is a great thing for a joke, but sometimes it depends on the joke, because some jokes are hilarious @CAPS15 or @CAPS14 downright horrible. Another reason why laughter is great @CAPS5 is when your laughter automatically means you're in a good mood @CAPS15 I like being happy or in a good mood I hate all mad @CAPS15 Unhappy @CAPS14 Not me. I @CAPS14 love that I laugh when I can't breathe @CAPS5 these are the best jokes @CAPS11 about getting yourself wet especially if you are super itchy @CAPS15 I know a lot of people are @CAPS15 I feel sorry for them because I would be embarrassed if I wet myself in front of anyone. I've been laughing all my life, any time I'm laughing. Well I have so many stories about laughing but I just want to tell you one @CAPS15 it was one of my favorites when I @CAPS15 my friends were at my @NUM1 birthday party at mt grandmas When @CAPS15 is all having fun on homemade slips @CAPS15 slips food @CAPS15 drinks (coarse soda not alcohol). But anyway, my cousin @PERSON1 has these games he came up with like @CAPS1 Relay, @CAPS2 Fishing, @CAPS3 Cream Gum, @CAPS15 my favorite @CAPS4. @CAPS4 is a game where you @CAPS11 have as many players as you want @CAPS15 All the supplies you need are tons of balloons @CAPS15 One starts with @CAPS4. @CAPS5 say you have @NUM2 people @CAPS15 one @CAPS4 all humans have balloons around their waists @CAPS15 they all try @CAPS15 escape @CAPS4 @CAPS15 @CAPS11 hide anywhere within the border @CAPS15 it doesnt matter what your How the balloon pops, who pops it or what pops after it is popped @CAPS6 your @CAPS4 until @CAPS12 people leave @CAPS6 you start a new game. Now you might be asking yourself why this is funny @CAPS15 Now I'm going to tell you why. @CAPS5 all having fun at my party @CAPS5 My cousin @PERSON1 said "@CAPS5 Who wants to play @CAPS4?" @CAPS6 We all said what was that? "@CAPS6 he reviewed all the rules like before @CAPS15 we said 'let's play. "@CAPS5 I @CAPS15 my friend @CAPS9 is running away @CAPS15 all of a sudden we start hearing noise from my cousin @CAPS4 which means he's coming @CAPS15 he freaks out @CAPS15 runs away when he leaves you Got @CAPS6 @CAPS14 heard the high-pitched scream @CAPS15 you here his balloon popped which means he was out @CAPS15 all @CAPS14 lol because when he flew he fired back about @NUM3 ft it was the funniest thing ever because when i got there he was still on the ground @CAPS15 everyone @CAPS14 it was trying to breathe I swear I think everyone gotta get themselves wet @CAPS15 If not it probably will Laugh more for the game @CAPS15 @CAPS6 @CAPS9 got up @CAPS15 started chasing people with my cousin @PERSON1 @CA PS15 the rest of us @CAPS14 get out there as soon as possible @CAPS15 Here you go again, my cousin let him The @CAPS4 noise @CAPS15 running people @CAPS15 screaming @CAPS15 my friend tried to make the same @CAPS4 noise but couldnt @CAPS15 One by one I heard the balloons pop @CAPS15 soon I was the last one got mine Friend @ORGANIZATION1 showed up to me @CAPS15 I @CAPS14 said "I don't care @CAPS14 let me out I @CAPS14 want to lie down. "@CAPS5 he took the balloon @CAPS15 @CAPS14 popped it @CAPS15 I asked "@CAPS11 Did I take a nap?" "@CAPS15 He said "@CAPS12 because we have to prepare for the next round @CAPS5 You better get some rest or you'll be haunted." "@CAPS5 I @CAPS14 rest for as long as I can to get some kind of reward for winning the first game of @CAPS4 before we get everyone ready for the next game, but @CA PS12 I Cousin @PERSON1 must be a smart guy @CAPS15 saying "@CAPS14 Playing this game isn't a big enough reward for you stingy! "@CAPS15 As always everyone starts @CAPS14 laughing at every single the little things my cousin @PERSON1 does, but I have to admit he is one of the funniest people I've ever met. @CAPS5 you go There's my story about laughter, but I do have more, but I think I wasted most of your time @CAPS5 That's what I'm going to say.
We all know the benefits of laughter. Laughter is definitely the most important part of my relationship with my best friend. Without laughter, we wouldn't be able to have such a good time together. If I'm having a bad day, I can always count on my best friend to cheer me up and forget about the day I had. My best friend and I are always laughing if we're going out for a walk, or just relaxing at home. The end result is usually that we both burst into tears from laughing so hard. I actually remember a lot of different examples, and I remember laughing so hard. For example, the eve of the last @CAPS1 @CAPS2, it started snowing around 3am, so my best friend and I ran outside screaming desperately. Snowballs began to fly from all directions. In a game of hide and seek, we decided to bury ourselves in a pile of snow-covered leaves. Within ten minutes, our legs were freezing. So what did we do? We put on our swimsuits and jumped into the tub together. Having her laugh with me made things a lot better. Another situation that I remember being particularly interesting was the entire third semester of freshmen @CAPS2. I need the first class and the only thing that is open is an introduction to manufacturing. I definitely didn't look forward to it until I found out my best friend was with me. We make bad situations better by laughing at every stupid mistake we make. A lot of mistakes have been made due to our incomplete experience with metals. I don't know what I would do without my best friend laughing with me. I believe that laughter always helps me whenever I am in trouble. The last situation where laughter helps a lot is when I use it to cheer up my best friend. A few days ago my friend had a really bad day. Things didn't go her way. After school, I could tell that something was wrong. I tried talking to her about it, but it didn't really help. So, I brought up some of our past experiences together. After a few minutes she was smiling and I could tell she was feeling better. Laughter did help us out of some difficult situations. Laughter is by far the most important factor in my relationship with my best friend. Our relationship is mostly based on laughter. Without it, we wouldn't be as close as we are today. If we need it to cheer us up, or to get rid of boredom, I know laughter is always with us.
It was midsummer and I could feel the cool sea breeze against my skin. You would think that everything would calm down, but the opposite is true. I wouldn't talk to him or even look at him. He tried so hard to make me laugh, but I just couldn't. I was so mad at him that I thought it would never be the same between us again. I thought our three months together was over, and it scared me. The next day he went on a trip, and he left without saying a word. I cried and slept for a week. I knew he was back in town, but he didn't call me or say anything. After weeks of wondering and waiting, I can feel it's over. I talked to my sister and she told me he would show up again and I had to be patient. I tried to take her words to heart, and I wanted to believe that it was true. I call his house every night, but every night I get the same answer, "he's not at home, but I'll let him know you called". I wanted to believe I would hear from him, so to pass the time, I kept myself busy cleaning and going out with my family. It's good for me to not think and worry about him for a few days. I laughed and laughed. I feel like I can start breathing a little and have fun. My sister's suggestion finally worked because he called me a week later and told me he wanted to see me. I told him he could come on @DATE1 and I'm glad to see him again. When the call ended, I couldn't stop laughing. The next few days I went completely crazy cleaning everything and figuring out what I was going to wear. Everyone thought I was going crazy, but the truth was I was terrified. Afraid of what he would say to me if we were to get out of here. The days seemed to fly by, and the next thing I knew, he was knocking on my door. I let him in and he surprised me by giving me a big hug. We sepnt hours jsut chatting and listening to music. As if nothing had changed. Before he knew it, it was getting dark and he was leaving. I took him to the front of my trailer park and he sat me on the sidewalk and held my hand. I'm in shock and don't know what to do, but listen. He told me he was sorry for the way he acted and tonight he realized how much he wanted to be with me and he was totally in love with me. I could do nothing but cry and laugh, and soon he was laughing with me. I couldn't ask for a more perfect moment. It's been six months since @TIME1. We are better than ever because we have laughter. This helps keep our relationship strong and it keeps us close. Everyone needs a little laughter in their life. I'm so glad I found someone special enough to keep me smiling all the time. Like we never stopped. If you feel hopeless and like nothing is right for you. Remember to laugh, that's what makes the world go round.
Do you ever laugh with your friends or family until your stomach hurts and your eyes fill with tears? Laughter is what everyone needs. A big laugh can make a person's day and put a smile on their face. The world would be a very sad place if no one laughed. My friends and I were laughing all the time to the point of rolling on the ground and laughing while covering our stomachs. We sometimes laugh at it. Honestly, I don't know who I would be or what I would be if I didn't laugh. I remember one time my friends @CAPS1 and @PERSON1 were on a day off. We all woke up in a bad mood and everything seemed to go wrong, especially when we were woken by my mom banging pots and pans in the kitchen. When we woke up, our favorite cereal was gone, so we wanted to go to the doughnut shop, but no one was going to take us there, even though I realized it wasn't the end of the world now, as it seemed at the time. My brothers and sisters, @LOCATION1 pissed us off by exploding and yelling around the house, we're already pissed. We were also annoyed by the dogs and cats that kept trying to sneak into the house. The weather outside was overcast and disappointing. We were all set the day before it started. We finally decided to get up and get ready. We came up with a plan to walk to the river behind my house even in bad weather. The river runs four lanes behind our large backyard, so it's about a mile away. When we asked my mom if we could go to the river, she said no, she didn't want us to go down by ourselves, which we've done a few times before. We beg until we know she won't let us. This puts us in a bad mood again. We had to find new things to do, and there didn't seem to be many options. We live about @ NUM1 miles out of town, not exactly walking distance.
I woke up as happy as any other day but sleep deprived. When I wake up, I'll never know today will be the funniest day of my life. I wake up and get ready for school. When I got to school, everything was like our normal homecoming, and there was an announcement on the walkie-talkie telling everyone where the dance was tonight. So after school, my friends and I went to our house to get dressed for the prom. After we were all dressed, @PERSON1 picked us all up and we went dancing. When we got there, everyone was dressed up, except for one, who was wearing corduroy pants, red flannel, and some brown shabby work boots. We watched him from head to toe and wondered if we were in a screwed up hillbilly dream? That's just the beginning of the future. As everyone started getting into the rhythm, we soon started dancing to the music, which was good and everyone had a good time, even the flannel-clad kids. But just when everything was going well, a song called Cotton Eyes @CAPS1 came along and when the kid in the flannel heard it, he almost jumped out of his corduroy pants and he quickly stared Kicking and swinging his feet and arms as if they had no bones or joints in them. Everyone started forming a circle around the kids, everyone was laughing, and even we were imitating the kids. He doesn't depend on caring, he just keeps dancing and singing to the song. The funniest thing is that the dance was formal, but the kid was wearing flannel, some boots and a pair of corduroy pants, the kid was out of his mind and in fact we still laugh about it telling the day.
Laughter is such a big part of my life that either my friends make me laugh or I make them laugh. A case in point is when @DATE1 my @PERSON1 three of my closest buddies went hunting. That trip was the worst @PERSON1 hunting experience of my life. It was the worst because we shot @PERSON1 at two bears @PERSON1, the biggest money in my life. But it's the best because we all reach that exhausting state when every little thing is fun. The trip proved to be a flop, but most importantly we had a great time, @CAPS1 teenage boys running around in pickup trucks and laughing at each other. Another example is a @DATE1 this @DATE2 me @PERSON1 two of my friends took a boat to a nearby fishing hole called @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1 is a quiet little @ORGANIZATION1, not many people, very quiet. I brought out my fifteen foot duck/fishing boat @PERSON1 my ten foot canoe. I'm in control of that big boat and the only boat with a motor @PERSON1 behind us is a canoe. Inside the canoe is @PERSON1, two no-joking but you can't help but laugh at their kids. We had a good @DATE1 fishing @PERSON1 and it started and ended. On our way back we stopped to fix a pole @PERSON1, the rope pulling the canoe was slack. When we started moving again, the slack and taut @PERSON1 canoe leaned forward, @PERSON1 didn't know it was standing. Caused him to almost fall. @PERSON1 I mean pretty much I mean the only thing left on the boat is his feet @PERSON1 his hand grabs the side rail. The only part in the water is his ass. It turned out to be the highlight of the trip @PERSON1 and we still refer to it from time to time. My friend @PERSON1 I have had many adventures, most of which turned out badly, however, they all turned out to be fun.
When they told me their stories, I sat at the table, speechless. @CAPS1 has been through a lot in the past seven years. @PERSON1's youngest son was born three weeks early and doctors told her he would only have three days to live. As she told me, she stared into the distance as if she was reliving the moment. She told me her child @PERSON2 has a rare disease. Half of his brain was smooth, not the usual rigid. She told me about the first few days and how scared she was. Seeing @PERSON2 next to her was the only thing that kept me from tears. He lived longer. @PERSON1 told me that as @PERSON2 grows up, he can't walk. His paediatrician told her that @PERSON2 will never be able to take his first steps and will have to live a confined life in a wheelchair. @PERSON2 got another miracle. he's gone. With the help of a camouflage cane, he overcame the odds again. @PERSON1 tell me how @PERSON2 can't speak. He speaks only in sign language. She also taught me how to take care of him. He's a normal kid who loves to play with cars and @CAPS2. He is no different from other children. It's going to be a roller coaster of the week. I only met @CAPS1 before @TIME1 when they got to @CAPS4 @CAPS5, a @DATE1 @CAPS4 for disabled kids. I've only known them for a few hours and they're telling me their life stories. I became best friends with @PERSON2 the following week. We go swimming in the river, play with sticks, go for nature walks, and even ride horses. Every time I see the smile on @ORGANIZATION1's face, my day is filled with energy. @PERSON2 has to experience things that a kid like him can never experience in a lifetime. We had to go tubing, ride jet skis, and fish in a pond where we were sure to catch something. Had the best time of our lives, we slept separately every night, he was in his cabin and I was in my tent. Every night, as I leave, I can hear the laughter of my family talking about how great the day was and how much fun we had. Being a part of making kids happy is the most important thing in my @CAPS4 experience. One event from that week in particular from @CAPS4 will always be remembered. @PERSON2 has been experimenting with tricycles made specifically for disabled children. He tried for hours before succeeding. No matter how hard she tried, he couldn't move. My heart broke when I saw him start crying. He was very depressed. @PERSON2 gave up and turned to swings instead. For the rest of the time, his face was filled with sadness and depression. I want to fix it. I had to fix it. He needs to be happy. I went to our @CAPS4 director @PERSON3 that night and I told him what happened and he took me to the garage. The garage is so cluttered and disorganized. I didn't quite understand what he was doing until he showed up with a shiny new bike. A seat with foot straps and support, complete with dragon and bell. This is the perfect thing. I'm excited to have @PERSON2 try it out in @TIME1. Next @TIME1, after a delicious breakfast of blueberry pancakes, we start trying new toys. This moment means a lot to @PERSON2 and his parents. He was told that he would never walk, never ride a bike, and never speak. He has experienced miracles before. He can do it again. @PERSON3 strapped @PERSON2 to the bike, put his helmet on and let him start. Expectation is almost too much. After a few seconds, the wheels start turning. @PERSON2 is riding a bike. Tears are streaming down our faces, this is the greatest moment of @ORGANIZATION1's life. The way he smiles and laughs at his newfound abilities is amazing. It's an honor to be a part of something so special. @PERSON2 rode his bike around @CAPS4 that day. He even rode it into his cabin and continued to circle his bunk. I left my family to enjoy their night and went to bed by myself. The rest of the week was a lot of fun, but when it was over, saying goodbye was tough. We don't want to leave each other. I've become part of the @LOCATION1 family who trust me and make me feel at home with them. @PERSON2 and I are new best friends and I can't wait until the next @DATE1 where we will meet again at @CAPS4 @CAPS5 where we can start over and make new memories.
As I recall, that was @DATE1. It was a hot and humid day. I remember that day like yesterday. I woke up that morning and decided to go swimming. The only problem though is that I don't have anyone going with me, and @CAPS2's attitude is turning to the worst. It was a great day for @CAPS1 for the most part. I called all my @CAPS2 friends to see what they were up to that day, but when I walked off the @CAPS2 friendline, everyone seemed to be busy going anywhere with me. I must be frustrated. @CAPS2 The happy-lucky attitude quickly turned into a dump. The only thing I do is use the @CAPS2 backup plan, aunty @CAPS2. We collected our swim gear, blankets, tan lotion and ourselves, packed them in the back of the van and headed to @ORGANIZATION1. I wasn't really in a good mood and everyone around me seemed to be getting grumpy too. Totally upset that all @CAPS2 friends dumped me and left me with @CAPS2 auntie all day, that's not @CAPS2's interpretation of the fun, sorry but it's not. The more I think about my @CAPS2 friends over time, the more frustrated I get. Then finally thought to me, why let them stupidly dump me (the best thing that ever happened to them) to ruin @CAPS2 days. I @CAPS1 had a great time laughing and soon, in fact, I forgot why I had a bad day. When we got to our swimming hole, I looked around and saw that everything was fine. Everyone there had a great time. So I @CAPS1 relax and have fun. Jump off the rock, fool yourself, laugh, and have fun. We enjoy what we have throughout the day. When I got home, I realized what a great day it was at @CAPS2, and I realized I shouldn't have let my friends at @CAPS2 let me down. Laughing and having a good time can make any day the best it can be. One of the most important lessons I learned from the @CAPS2 experience that day was to make the most of every situation. Don't let shattered plans shatter your self-confidence. Put a smile on your face, turn your frown upside down and laugh. Laughter makes life better.
Those eyes, as if I were lounging on the beach, carefree looking at a warm Caribbean sunset with a touch of green. Her skin was sun-kissed and flawless in every way. Those lush ruby red lips are as juicy and refreshing as the taste of a freshly picked pink apple. From the moment she sat across from me, I could have sworn I was dreaming. How can a woman look so perfect and exist outside of a movie or game? This is what I can think of, this is what I want to imagine. It's just me and her, but I can't find a way to bridge this gap between us. Neither of us had ever met or met before, but I still couldn't resist. Just like when Adam got Eve's golden apple. That smile, a set of straight teeth, gleamed so brightly that anyone who didn't wear sunglasses would go blind. That's when she finally said "@CAPS1, do you know the third answer?". I was stunned by her voice. It reminds me of a thousand violins played by angels. My mouth fell and all I could say was "no". I'm a total sucker for nothing more than a hose, but then I noticed she was wearing a cross to match her outfit. So I tried to redeem myself with "That's a great cross you're wearing, what's that gem in the center?" She smiled and patted her eyelashes and told me, "Thank you, I like your cross too. I have a ruby in it". I laughed and then I got a text from my friend with a new joke he wanted me to hear. I started laughing when I read it. Then the angel in front of me was curious what I was laughing at. When I finally finished the joke, she laughed too, and I finally gave myself a proper introduction and told her my name. After we finished laughing, she was laughing from ear to ear, and she told me her name was "@CAPS2." Ah @CAPS2, it has to be an angel's name. To this day, I'm still grateful to the friend who made this joke to me, because if I hadn't made her laugh, we probably wouldn't have known each other. If we didn't know each other then she probably wouldn't be my girlfriend. To this day, I still feel like the luckiest person in the world, and if fate can separate us, I will always remember that laughter is the best way to get to know someone.
Some people say that laughter is a common language between people and countries. If that's true, those laughter can speak all languages around the world. We all need laughter in our lives. When they laugh, they benefit not only themselves, but everyone around them. These people who study physiology have a result, they noticed that @CAPS1 doesn't cry because @CAPS1 is sad, @CAPS1 is sad because @CAPS1 is crying. Like laughs, @CAPS1 is happy because @CAPS1 laughed! I remember one time, when I was in middle school, everyone in my class needed to be on stage to give a speech. Before the speech, everyone was quiet and no one spoke because everyone was nervous. The classroom is dead silent @CAPS1 can even hear the sound of pen writing. I'm sitting at my desk and don't know what to do. I was so stubborn that I thought I would pass out in any second. I'm sure my friend thought the same thing. Suddenly, we all heard the laughter of a child! I don't know what he was laughing about, but the whole class laughed! @CAPS1 can feel like never before has gone away! Everyone started talking and walking. This helps me calm down. I felt that big, heavy thing on my shoulder suddenly disappear! This story is so memorable because I realize how a single laugh can turn a situation from bad to good. Laughter can change the whole world from danger to peace. I am a laugh. I love to laugh because when I laugh, I feel like everything is better. It may be positive or negative, but laughing makes my life better. People around me think it's fun to be with me because they can feel the joy I bring to them. Laughter is an important part of a relationship. My friends and I, when we get together, we always laugh at everything from random houses to the sky. We are really happy together. At one point I wondered, does no one in my team laugh when we're together? That won't be fun anymore! Without laughter, the distance between me and my friends would be great, but with laughter, there is no distance between us! Then I noticed another group of people. Maybe they just had a bad day and they don't have a smile on their face. No one talks or laughs at lunchtime when they sit together. They don't seem to be friends anymore. After Dees, they started talking again. They laughed like they were good together! I realized that laughter can change everything. Not only can it change the inside of a relationship, but it can also change how people perceive your relationship. Laughter does help us a lot. Spiritually, physically and socially, they benefit our lives.
Laughter is an indispensable element in many situations. These situations vary widely, from disasters wishing to be cheered up to just wanting to be entertained. No matter how serious, scary, or disturbing, humor can make a situation lighthearted. @LOCATION2 The recent earthquake and subsequent tsunami has me worried my friend @CAPS1. He lives in @LOCATION1, which at the time I and many of my other friends thought was close to some of the more impacted areas. Of course, we are all terrified of him, but we did our best to make this disaster an understatement. Our fears were exacerbated when he never logged into ning or Facebook, but we now know it was only because he had a power outage that night (our night). We all breathed a sigh of relief, at least temporarily, when we learned he was safe. Humor does help ease the situation, as it has many times before. So far, it's still a story, because at the time of writing, there are still great dangers in the region, not the least of which is the threat of nuclear meltdown. The joke continued into the week. I believe humor can be helpful when it is worrisome, because in a way it makes a serious situation feel less serious. Of course, many people despise doing this, which is completely understandable. They either didn't see us as having a legitimate fear, or they didn't understand and believe we were just joking about it being "edgy" or "offensive." Those who feel the need to joke about dangerous situations are not intentionally malicious or indifferent, they are usually people with a sense of humor and pain.
Once I was at my friend @PERSON1's house and her dog @PERSON3 was going crazy. She would run up and down the stairs as fast as she could, and no one knew why. I thought it was funny, but @PERSON1 was so pissed at @PERSON3. So eventually @ORGANIZATION1 came into her room to see if she would calm down, but to her dismay @PERSON3 didn't. She ran around the room, the faster she ran, the more I laughed. It was like the funniest thing I've ever experienced in my life. This dog has clearly mastered some kind of energy source for this to happen. We still can't figure out what it is, but @PERSON3 is high in sugar or something. So @PERSON1 and I went downstairs to see if her mom @CAPS1 knew why @PERSON3 was acting so ridiculous. She had no clue. So then we went to ask her dad @PERSON2 and he was sure the dog was crazy. Apparently the dog has some issues, but that's not a problem as @PERSON3 has never exhibited this excess before often. Then @CAPS2, @PERSON1's sister came downstairs and told us to lock up the dog, but we couldn't. @PERSON3 is running fast and trying to catch her and calm her down is crazy. So we took @PERSON3 back to @ORGANIZATION1's room and just laughed and laughed because there was no other way than to sit there wondering what the hell was wrong with the dog. Honestly, we never found out what was wrong with @PERSON3, she was just frantically overexcited and out of this world of @TIME1. So after @PERSON3 calmed down after about @NUM1 hours, @PERSON1 and I started walking. We were with her friend @PERSON4 and I tried to explain to him the story of how @PERSON3 went crazy at @TIME1 and they didn't think it was as funny as me. I think it's the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life! When I explained to him, they warned me that I was about to trip over the curb, but I laughed so hard it was hard to notice that I fell. This is like the icing on the cake for @TIME1. I just sat on the floor laughing and so did they. It's interesting! I haven't laughed so hard since. Finish.
LAUGHTER @CAPS1 knows that laughter is a healing drug. It has the power to relieve a lot of pain and suffering, such as the hole in someone's heart after a breakup or the pain of someone who can't support a family. However, that painful laughter in my life was relieved, the pain of losing a dear friend and teacher. Recently, one of the best teachers I had the opportunity to know passed away. He was trying to get into @ORGANIZATION1 to make his lesson plan for @TIME1 when the fatal incident happened. <@NUM1</@CAPS2> made a doctor's appointment that day and found a replacement to take his place. It's six o'clock at @TIME1 and it's still dark when @PERSON2 tries to open @ORGANIZATION1's door. Before he knew it, he was already lying on the ground waiting for someone to come and help. Eventually the gatekeeper @PERSON1 came out, spotted him and quickly called @NUM2. An ambulance came to pick him up and took him to the hospital for first aid. As soon as they got there, they found out that he had had a heart attack. He had several children before this. However, the heart attack was big this time. It took his life and they couldn't bring him back to life. @PERSON2 was pronounced dead on @DATE1. When we all arrive at @ORGANIZATION1 that @TIME1, our principles call for an emergency meeting. Given the odd expressions on all our teachers' faces, we knew something was wrong. All students gather in our small gym at @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. There is anticipation in the air as we wait for things to happen. After a while, someone we all knew walked out in front of us with a microphone in his hand. Our principle @PERSON3, with shoulders down and a grim face, told us the tragic news. I opened my mouth and took a deep breath. I could hear people adjusting in their seats and whispering to each other as they struggled to receive devastating news Looking around, I saw the same shocked look on the faces of @CAPS1 classmates. I do not know what to do. I want to cry, but I can't cry yet. @PERSON3 explained the situation further and we listened intently to the disgusting words coming out of his mouth. I was shocked. I don't believe @PERSON2 is gone. After the principle was said, we were taken out of the gym by the gloomy teacher and asked us to report to the first class. As I walked to my locker, I heard sobbing, but it was almost silent. I quickly grabbed the folder for my first class, closed the locker, and tried to get out of the hallway into a more private area. Walking into the classroom, I sat at the desk. People from my class filed in and took their seats. The teacher in that class didn't speak to us, so we assumed we didn't do anything. I sat there in silence, feeling helpless, I buried my head on the table and started crying. It really happened, I thought. The reality of @TIME1 begins. By the end of the first class, my sweatshirt sleeves were wet with tears and mascara. No one really said anything, but that's okay. Seeing that I was crying the whole time, people stopped and hugged me as I slowly walked down the hallway to my second class. I wanted my next class to be similar to the first, but it wasn't. In its place was the icy silence, the soft sound of music. People do not cry themselves, but are comforted by their friends. Students are making cards for @PERSON2's family. We are all reminiscing about the good times we had with @PERSON2. We retell the life stories he told us in the classes he taught. We remember the funny cracks in his voice when he raised it in the slightest way. We laughed when we remembered that he couldn't hang anything straight up and the evidence was on his classroom wall. For the first time in a long day, we felt good. We felt as if we could celebrate his life instead of mourning it. The rest of the day was fine. Not because we have lost a great teacher, but because we can love and appreciate a great teacher. Laughter relieved the pain and sadness of that terrible day. During @CAPS3, we can recall and laugh at the good times we spent in the classroom with him. @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION1 years. We remember that guy @PERSON2 through the little itch in our stomach. Laughter brought us together in times of need.
One of the things people love to do most in the world is to laugh. Why do we like to laugh? Laughter is important in our lives because it brings us joy, happiness, and most importantly, it fills our stomachs with butterflies. One major thing about laughter is the whole point of view. Of course everyone is joking, doing silly things, or just making a funny comment. All of these things lead to laughter, and sometimes laughter can help people build good relationships and build strong relationships. In a relationship like a boyfriend/girlfriend, parents with their kids, family members and even friends have to have a good laugh in their relationship because if it wasn't, it would be a boring relationship. Sometimes it's hard to bring laughter in photos, but we need to at least try to laugh, and it's healthy for us to laugh once in a while. In the family, it's important to have a relationship with a child or parent, they need some fun feeling in their belly, making them giggle in it, and it's all about laughing. Friends always have funny moments to laugh, sometimes it's their pranks on each other, funny comments, jokes, it's so easy to start laughing and have a good relationship, just laugh at each other. Sometimes, if we use it on bad things, laughter can lead to bad things, which can lead to bad relationships. We also don't want to hurt their feelings by laughing at them because something happened or someone made a comment, because it might make us laugh less after we've lost a relationship with someone. The smiles on people's faces are a wonderful thing. In all relationships, laughter is a big deal because it can always be handled. People sometimes have a bad time and we always try to make them happy and how we do that is called laughing. I know if I'm having a bad day and I'm feeling down and confused, I want someone to make me laugh by simply telling a hilarious joke. Personally, I love to laugh, especially to make people around me laugh. Sometimes I'm having a bad day and need to put some laughs in my system to at least make me feel better. I know sadness can sometimes take over, but we all need to think positively and not let the negative things take over. Life would be better if we were all in their laughter. Imagine what life would be like in a world with nothing but laughter. I hope this happens because it will fill everyone with happiness and smiles. In my personal life, my family and friends are full of laughter. When things get difficult and everyone freaks out, I have to joke about it. Laughter is a part of us, whether we like it or not, it will be with us no matter what. In the end I would say that laughter is an element of my life that I will always carry, and I want everyone in the world to have that element of laughter, because in this world it really matters.
For me, laughter is an important aspect of my relationship with anyone. I cherish laughter, and I take advantage of it whenever I get the chance. To many, @MONTH1's laugh is insignificant, but to me it's the key to my relationships with others. Without laughter, many of the wonderful people I've met in my life might not be theirs because I've used laughter to develop them into friendships. It was difficult to make friends as a child. I didn't make good choices, not the people I interacted with; instead, the way I first approached other people. I can appear arrogant, rude, or annoying, to name a few. I have no experience building relationships, first impressions are very important. As with any meal, the first sense that appeals is sight. The image of the meal fills your mind, and then the aroma drifts aimlessly towards you, and you start salivating in anticipation. Like any recipe, to perfect it, you have to practice, which is what I did. It's been a long and arduous process, but during my sophomore year at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I started to feel like I mastered the art of making people laugh. As students and individuals, people come and go and we @MONTH1 literally end up forgetting their entire existence or we @MONTH1 impressing them in their minds. I try this with laughter; if not, remember, only one day. With laughter, I gained new opportunities to make friends that I didn't waste. I surrounded myself in a laugh, and I developed the necessary skills to make people laugh. I liked it and I still like it. One of the relationships I had was with a young woman. I had never spoken to her before until our teacher put us into a group. Laughter is an important part of our future relationship. I'm myself, I don't pretend I'm not, I'll express the pun that we young people love so much, the euphemism that our generation knows. We would listen to the same music, and gradually our relationship developed into a strong friendship. It's gotten to the point where we long for each other's company in the classroom. We want to take classes together because we love to make each other laugh. Because of the laughter, I made a friend with whom I shared secrets, times and moments that I will forever cherish. Recently she decided to start playing tennis. Needless to say, I was ecstatic. I don't want to help her anymore, whoever decides to get involved in my leadership. I don't necessarily claim to be the best, but I am confident in my ability to teach game mechanics and basics. They're not more than I want to do, which is to play the sport I love with the woman I love. Most of the credit goes to the laughter, because when her amiable face glows because of what I say, it means the world to me, whether she knows it or not. I have many such connections with other men and women, but none more than hers. I try to connect with other people because they make life easier and more enjoyable. In @CAPS1 @CAPS2 they are not an exclusive social group or a touring band of football players ready to pick the weakest students. We are all friends, we are all a community, we all belong, thanks in part to the laughter. Laughter connects people around the world, and it is a universal language spoken by every race, color and religion. It can bring us together and it can separate us, but in life, the most commonly used medicine is laughter.
People always say that the worst parts of life are the sad parts, those moments when no one else can make you laugh or smile. These sad moments trump problems caused by work or society and show the importance of laughter in our lives. When someone feels such intense joy pouring out of them in a suppressed giggle or rumbling laughter, it's about making life worth living, worth work, bad breakups, and The age of overpriced societies. Those infamous "them" used to say that your worst and saddest moments are the ones that will always be remembered because they have the most emotion, but I have to disagree with "them". Moments in life, whether they are seconds, hours, weeks or years, can also be cherished if they are forged by a bond of love and laughter. Just recently was my birthday. This year it falls on @DATE1 and I have no plans to celebrate in any way. Sure, my parents gave me a lot of gifts, but the joy and nervous excitement I always felt before my birthday wasn't on me. These feelings are most likely because this year I've decided, now that I'm in high school, a birthday party is a no-go. With no plans or exciting events waiting, my birthday wasn't as eagerly awaited as in previous years. what should I do? ! I definitely don't want to go home in pyjamas with my parents and two sisters, that's what I do with pretty much every other normal @DATE1. These thoughts and realizations gave me that sad loneliness that made up the worst part of my life. My mom noticed my birthday blues and suggested a beach trip and a night in a yurt. I love the beach, I would even say it's my favorite place in the world. I also love yurts. A yurt is a large circular hut made of canvas, surrounded by a wooden structure, with a skylight directly on the pointed roof, allowing stars to be seen at night. Living in a yurt by the sea sounded better to me than at home, so I naturally agreed to a beach trip. Deep down, I'm so excited, I'm so excited to go on a beach trip with my family! In the back of my mind, I'm still in a foggy gloom as my mind circles how I'd have a good time without friends to laugh and hang out with, and how much of a loser I'd be with friends Do anything, not my family. Our family consists of my mom, dad and two sisters who are four years old and @NUM1 months old. We are not the most functional family. I found out that my sister was the nasty kid the devil sent to ruin my life and make everything my fault. Two of our three girls had to be fighting all the time, it drove my mom crazy, it made her panic, and my dad was pissed, until we realized that buzzing light years had irritated all our feathers. This scene is exactly what I envisioned as the result of my family's birthday beach trip, but due to long car drives and hungry kids instead of buzzing light years. The day is coming, we get up early to pack our luggage and pack our car. My mom, bless her, announced to us today is my day and what I want is what I get. That means I have to choose what we're going to eat, what we're going to do, and can make any comments, including telling my little sisters to leave it alone if I want to. For lunch, we visited the beach, settled in our yurts, and enjoyed a lunch consisting of the various snacks we brought, and I found that I enjoyed myself. No one fights all day, no one speaks loudly, no one makes snarky comments or does anything to spoil the happy atmosphere we are in. I am laughing. I laughed when we visited the aquarium with all the weird fish. When my sisters do silly things, I laugh at them. I laughed when my mother told me. We all laughed at a cyclist hitting a pole, and a fish doing a vacuum with its lips. All the laughter, all the smiles did a lot for me. It took those negative thoughts straight out of my head and told them never to come back. Laughter helps me see all the love in my family, it makes love visible. It's healthy to smile. There is no laughter in our lives, some things, like love, are sometimes invisible but become visible again through laughter.
Why can people look back at something and laugh, but not while the action is happening? For example, if you were to witness someone get hit by a car. At that event, no one would laugh. There are likely to be people everywhere frantically for help and ambulances. But we see people getting hit by cars all the time on @CAPS1 and it's considered comedy. A very similar thing happened to my friends and I on a hot @DATE1 @TIME1. I live next to @LOCATION1. I know there is a place on @LOCATION1 called @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. It has a very strange name because the water is actually green because of the reflections of the trees around it. @LOCATION1 It's about thirty yards wide and no one knows how deep it is because it's impossible to reach the bottom. The main attraction is the cliffside, ranging from @NUM1 feet to @NUM2 feet. On the other side of @LOCATION1, there is a beautiful golden sandy beach with huge trees behind it. The hike to @ORGANIZATION1 is about a steep mile to the edge of a cliff. @LOCATION1 The beds and canyons are arranged in the same shade as most of the day, except in the morning. On this special day, I'm bringing @CAPS2, @PERSON2, @CAPS3 and @PERSON1. My friend @CAPS2 is a risk taker. Although he is not very good at sports, he is willing to try anything. He was also homeschooled until his freshman year of high school, so he was also socially awkward and definitely not used to resisting negative peer pressure. On the other hand, I'm a kid who does crazy things , but I can make it. I harvest on the edge of a cliff only about @NUM1 feet above the water. Somehow @CAPS2 ended up being forced to try one too. We all counted him down as he mentally prepared for the stunt. @NUM4, @NUM5, @NUM6, @CAPS6! We all shouted at the same time. He ran to the edge of the cliff and, like I showed him, he jumped out and put his knees on his chest. It's okay! That's the problem, @CAPS2 got rolled up, but he never spun. He fell like a stone. His back was facing the water. There seems to be a @NUM7 second pause between the moment he jumps off the cliff and the moment he slaps the water. His upper back was the first to touch the water, creating a huge splash, clapping his hands almost as loudly as small firecrackers. @NUM5 seconds later, @CAPS2 emerges from the water, he tries to breathe, but no air gets into his lungs. @PERSON2, @CAPS3, @PERSON1, me and I are on the beach across the lake! At the same time, we looked at each other, no one was laughing, everyone was worried. We booked it right into the water. It takes about one @NUM9 yard swim all the way to @CAPS2. I was the first there. He was out of breath by then, but he was still in a state of extreme panic. I stayed away from him until @PERSON1 got there. @PERSON1 is almost 6' @NUM7 and @NUM11 lbs, so he grabbed @CAPS2 around the torso first. I grabbed his legs and when @CAPS3 and @PERSON2 finally got there they grabbed his arms. We all pulled him to the beach where he could safely put his feet on dry ground. Who knows what would have happened if a panicked @CAPS2 went to the beach alone. Although, it was @CAPS18's fault to pressure him in the first place. After nearly NUM5 hours of sunbathing and calming down, the sun began to set behind the canyon and the shadows from the shoreline were closing in on us. Only @NUM5 @LOCATION2. We decided to explore a little under @LOCATION1 and also find more sunshine. We all got up and noticed that the entire back of @CAPS2 is purple! Not only because of his ginger skin, but the impact of the water caused quite a bruise. Everyone except @CAPS2 saw it and laughed at the thought of what happened before. @CAPS2 looked behind him and saw his discolored back, couldn't help laughing out loud. Laughter came from everyone. This is the first time @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @PERSON2, @PERSON1 and I hang out. Laughter brought us together. Now we share the @CAPS18 @LOCATION1 location with all of the other @CAPS18 own friends, but nothing impresses me like that day. To this day, we're still reminiscing about that hot @DATE1 day at @ORGANIZATION1 when @CAPS2 tried to profit off a cliff. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two (or five) people."
We would stay up late for no reason until my best friend moved out. I don't know what got us started, but it wouldn't stop until our stomachs hurt so much from laughing that we just fell asleep. On these nights, her mom would come in around @TIME1, nicely asking us to be quiet, which made us laugh more. When we are together, it is dangerous to be around. We've become so close that in a way we're actually sisters. In all my relationships, laughter is important. I grew up in a big family where laughter was key and a positive attitude was taken for granted. On @DATE1, @CAPS1 and I work together, so we have a lot of time to keep our minds on the same track. If we want to go somewhere in a short drive, we will make it happen. We are very good at manipulating our elders, a skill acquired in years of practice at @CAPS2. Just take a look at what the other side is plotting, and laughter ensues, letting the manipulated person know it's doomed, or soon to happen. Our plans are usually harmless, maybe just a little side pain from scratching too hard. It doesn't help that we're small and strong and full of energy just waiting for the right person to show up. @CAPS1 and I find ways to start mischief all around us, whether it's jumping out of a corner or taking the manager's keys. When I go somewhere, I usually go to positive places where there is an atmosphere of optimism and people who make me happy. I don't like and avoid what I don't like, and I'm a joke or sarcastic person when things are too quiet or too serious. The harsh environment scares me, @CAPS6 is out of my comfort zone. Laughter brings people together, it lightens people's emotions. No one likes awkward situations where no one is talking, so I usually break the silence with a blonde joke or something. I was flying from @LOCATION3, @CAPS3 to @ORGANIZATION2's home and met some great people on the way. When I got on the plane, I looked around for a place to sit and decided to sit between an old woman and a man who looked like my father (I was on the plane alone). I'm going to spend the next hour with these people, I think, so I better make it something to remember. The guy who helped me put my carry-on in the overhead locker was very nice to me. I started talking to the old lady and the topic of horses came up, @CAPS6 usually paired with a lot of fall stories when horses are in transitions. She talks about the @CAPS4 horse named @CAPS4 @CAPS5, how he has his own mind and how he will do things his way. The horse's problem: @CAPS6 knows that @CAPS6 is a bit older than us and can indeed do what @CAPS6 does, but most people choose to listen because @CAPS6 doesn't like being corrected. I recounted my first few rides and I didn't know much other than how to handle the big animals under my feet. Before I knew it, we landed at @LOCATION1 and my new friends got off the plane. When my plane lands at @LOCATION1, I think I'll fly to @ORGANIZATION2 alone. A few minutes later, a teenage girl got in the car and sat next to me. The first thing she did was give me a piece of gum and I took it. The first point of the ride was quiet, but after a while the crying baby sounded annoying so we started talking. She is flying to @LOCATION2 to her father's house. We chatted about our family and hobbies and had a good time. As we flew to @ORGANIZATION1, I welcomed myself home, back in the eternal rain with nothing to see but the clouds outside my window. Laughter is all around us, there are always funny things happening, look at the bright side of life. People are more attracted to people who can make them laugh, so have a sense of humor and you'll have great company. Giggles and smiles make the world go round, so keep laughing.
@ORGANIZATION1 @DATE1 for my @CAPS1 birthday, we went to @ORGANIZATION1 for a week and when we got there @CAPS16 was a lot of fun but the drive was no fun at all. When we got to @TIME1 such a beautiful house the snow was falling and @CAPS16 was falling so hard @CAPS16 looks like a white cotton ball and the snow on the house was amazing I mean @CAPS16 looks really good The likes of @CAPS16 could have been in the storybook as Princess Castle . @CAPS16 was really relaxing when we entered the house, no one really wanted to do anything, we almost all fell asleep on the couch. Woke up the next morning we were all having breakfast watching the snow @DATE2 and someone knocked on the door so of course I wanted @CAPS9 got @CAPS16 because my @CAPS17 was "too tired" so I got up and opened the door, three Big boy came in and picked me up and at first I was like "@CAPS2 who are these boys?" but after they took off their hoods, I noticed that @CAPS16 is my cousin @PERSON1, his best friend @PERSON2 and Another friend of his @CAPS3. So they carried me back to the table and sat me down and @CAPS16 was funny because my whole @CAPS17 was laughing out of breath and I still had that horrified look on my face. They yelled "@CAPS4" and went out and started building snow slopes to ski. So I got dressed and went out with them and at first they were like "@CAPS5 great she's here". They usually give me a lot of attention, but they don't, so I decided I needed more attention, so when they weren't paying attention, I sat down, and the snowboard ramps were built, of course @PERSON2 know why I did it @CAPS16 But @CAPS3 and @PERSON1 still know nothing, so of course they let me off, but I told them "@CAPS7" it pissed them off, so @PERSON1 said "@CAPS8 girl, if you don't move, I'm going to jump over you", of course, at this point I was pretty pissed off and wanted to see if he would actually do @CAPS16, so I told him "@CAPS9 ahead of time" @PERSON1 started @CAPS9 but then @PERSON2 caught him, @CAPS10 the whole After the argument, he got off his skis and started yelling @CAPS11 at him, witch @CAPS11 this way for almost the whole day. I went to bed @TIME1 and @PERSON1 @NUM1 and @CAPS3 went to the bar and the next morning I was told to sleep but I was woken up at 7 by @CAPS11 @PERSON2 and @CAPS3 @PERSON1 got up but they didnt Getting him up, they got me up I was so pissed I felt like a mother bear who just woke up from hibernation. @CAPS16 It's so annoying to be a house with three hungover twenty-one year olds @DATE1 but I had fun anyway, that @TIME1 they're not home @CAPS14 God but without them there's peace and quiet , so we played @CAPS15 and @LOCATION3, @CAPS16 was a lot of fun and we had a lot of fun. Not so much fun the next morning because we have another @CAPS17, @CAPS18 us. I swear I'm so angry, I want to pounce on them like an angry tiger, ready to catch her prey. so i try to stay away, witches are kinda hard because they all love me but i decided to lock myself in my room all day to avoid them, @CAPS16 kinda sucks, but @CAPS16 is so much better than having them in me every five seconds Shout once in the ear. The day after we cleaned and started getting ready to leave, @CAPS16 was no fun at all, but my @CAPS17 made sure I was cleaning, we had three meals, and we cleaned again after each meal, but @TIME1 we Went to bed and you didn't hear anyone peeping because we were so tired but the next morning we left at 7am and started driving back @LOCATION2 @CAPS16 Great fun at @LOCATION1 we turned @CAPS16 into A tradition but we can't @CAPS9 this @DATE1 due to winter formality, but we'll definitely be back for this @DATE1 and we'll have twice as much fun in front of our ears!
Grumpy, I woke up. I wake up to go to @LOCATION1. Go to @LOCATION1 for a few basketball games, I am. Although I was unable to play due to @CAPS1 injury during practice the week before. Unfortunately, I still had to go and support my friends and teammates. Around @NUM1 we all got on the bus and set off for @LOCATION1. All my friends are happy and chatty; but on the other hand, my eyes are dull. Riding the bus seems to last a lifetime. But two hours later we reached our destination. @LOCATION1 has a nice school; but we're all about to discover it's like a ghost town at times. Compared to other schools we've played in in the past, this high school seems lifeless. There was no one around and no soul to hear. We all sat there waiting patiently; then, about five minutes later, a man showed up and took us to the locker room. The boys had to wait for the girls to finish their game. So, we all went to one of the auxiliary courts and started shooting. Although unfortunately due to my injury I was unable to attend the event. They all had a great time there. Just the thought of not being with them makes me sick. After the girls game, we all went for a change. After that, we all sat there, joking, waiting for our coach to come in and give us a pre-game boost. It seemed like a long time before our coach finally entered the locker room. He talks about what we should and shouldn't do to win. When the game started, I was really upset, but I held back and cheered for my team. The first half was great, we were in the lead. Although the second half was not as exciting. We only had six points and ended up losing the game by a huge margin. My friends try to stay calm. But I could see they were ashamed. Ashamed of my performance in the second half. This makes me sad and frustrated again. Next, I had to go to the old, vulgar, uncomfortable stands of @LOCATION1 to watch two more games. The first of two games was great. We won by two points. On the other hand, the next game is pretty boring. It seems like a long time; but the worst part is that we lose. After the last game, I had to wait for my cousin to come out of the locker room. When he did, we went to check in with our instructor; we had to check out to ride home with our parents. So here we go; but first we have to eat. Again, like all the times before we choose to eat at @ORGANIZATION1. We crossed the driveway, got food, and stopped to eat. At first everything seemed correct. But then my cousin noticed that he didn't receive the @CAPS2 he ordered. So we go in and fix the problem. Afterwards, we were all joking that the restaurant had the wrong order. Then I took a bite of my burger. That's when I realized I had received a burger without a patty. I'm really frustrated that @ORGANIZATION1 made such a stupid mistake. So my cousin and I went into the restaurant again. They were all shocked when told what the problem was. They can't believe everything they do. So after they all settled in, they made me another burger. My family and I are hosting a dance about these events at @ORGANIZATION1. It was a great trip home full of fun and laughter. This is not what I, my cousin or anyone else expected. So at the end of my once gloomy day, I found myself overwhelmed with laughter.
Not long ago, my mom decided to send me to @DATE3 camp. I'm so upset when I hear this, @CAPS1 I don't know anyone there. Before the camp started, I did everything I could to keep my mom from letting me go. After a while, I knew I wasn't going to get my wish, and before I knew it I went camping. When I got to the place to take us camping, there weren't many people there. When I got to camp, I was wrong, there were a lot of people I didn't know. It's very scary, but it's too late to go home now. It's nerve-racking to walk to my cabin, @CAPS1 I don't know who's going to be in my cabin. It was awkward meeting girls in my cabin, mainly @CAPS1 we didn't know each other, and secondly our advisor was weird. As soon as we met, our counselor let us all play the @CAPS2 game. Playing @CAPS2 with strangers was weird at first, but after a while we started laughing. We played and laughed for hours until it was time for lunch. Lunch with the girls wasn't that scary because we had a lot of fun playing @CAPS2, but we still didn't really know each other. After lunch, the first thing we did was play @CAPS2, the more we laughed and happier, we started to get to know each other better and better. All @DATE1 we're playing @CAPS2's silly little game, just giggling. @DATE2 came to camp for the second @DATE1 and we all became friends pretty much just laughing and playing @CAPS2. We played a lot on the first @DATE1, we just called it "@CAPS6 @CAPS2" instead of @CAPS2. Like everything else, we got tired of @CAPS2 and parted ways in our free time. Everyone agreed that @DATE1's free time was boring, so we played @CAPS2 again. Laughing and laughing until our stomachs hurt from laughing, I think this is @DATE1 we all truly became friends. We became as thick as thieves in just a few days and we did everything together. We chat, we swim, we play tennis, and most importantly, we laugh together. The camp was not what I expected, it was much better. All the girls in my cabin become friends so quickly that it's weird to everyone else, not really, but it's kind of weird to be best friends in just a few days. Camp flew by for us, before we all knew it was almost @DATE1. Things were going great until one of us got sick. I'm the one who ended up getting sick and it's horrible, I've been in bed @DATE1 missing everything that's going on. To make matters worse, I almost lost my voice, lying in bed not laughing with my friends and having fun was just torture. @DATE1 at camp @DATE4 is almost here and I can only stay in bed. @DATE4 was there, but I was relieved when I could talk again. @DATE1 @DATE1 The rest of the camp I can get up and enjoy camp. When @DATE1 time ended and evening came, we had a cottage party. Our party was so much fun even though we had to stay in our cabin. We ate all the snacks we had saved from the concession stand, and all the snacks our consultants brought. It's almost @TIME1 so we have to go to bed as soon as possible, @CAPS1 we leave at @TIME2. One thing we have to do @DATE1, this is @DATE1 game by @CAPS2. We played for about an hour and another instructor from @CAPS1 had to come and tell us to keep quiet. Looking back on the first year of summer camp, I always remember how we became friends. We talk about it in training camp every year and we still play @CAPS2. What I think is my favorite memory of that year at training camp, @CAPS1 we both became friends by playing @CAPS2 and laughing together.
i don't like computers
Everyone knows the importance of laughter. Everyone has a different laughter, and it can be powerful and touching or devastating and hurtful. Some people say that laughter is the shortest distance between two people. I agree with this, everyone laughs differently, there are many different reasons for laughter, laughter is so powerful, when you're upset or unhappy, someone can make you laugh, they can change everything, change your feelings. Laughing is a way to connect with others, you laugh when you are having fun, hurting and needing someone. Laughing is amazing, you never know when you will laugh because of what, it could come from a little joke or a funny well-told story. On @DATE1, I moved back to @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1 and I'm so nervous about being the new kid again. Even though I've known some people since I've lived here before, nothing changes the fact that I'm a new kid. Shortly after the move, I reconnected with some old friends I had known since sophomore grade, when I used to live here. My friends and I always had a good time laughing like crazy. All of our girls have been through a lot over the past few years, @DATE1, it's been a pleasure meeting them and talking to them again because all of this happened to us, we're all gone, doing our own thing, being Be friends with different people, but we are still close friends after so long. It's great to spend time with them and see how much they've changed. We've all changed a lot in the past few years. Our @MONTH1 fight caused some drama and some of us left, but we grew up going through pretty much everything together and probably remained friends through high school and college. @DATE1 It's almost over, school is about to start again, and my three other friends and I want to do something together one last time before school starts. So we're going to get a good night's sleep. One of my friends lives at @LOCATION2 and she was able to come out to @PERSON1 to spend the night with us. It's like being back in second grade and I don't think I've ever laughed so much in my life. Not long after we were all there, we were laughing, chatting , and having a good time. We all slept that night and we were thinking of something fun and my friends thought it would be fun to go @CAPS1'ing so we asked her mom if she was @CAPS2 and she said as long as we don't get too far from home, we Have a cell phone in case we need to call her and have her pick us up. @CAPS1'ing it was too early, so when it got dark we walked from her house to the store across the street and bought bags of toilet paper. It wasn't dark or late, so we watched some movies, went to the mall, and stuck our feet in her hot tub. I am so happy to be back and be with all my old friends again. We stayed up late and it was finally dark and late, so we put on all the black clothes we had and disguised ourselves so no one would recognize us and we looked convincing. We put on big jackets so we can hide toilet paper in our jackets and if anyone sees us walking they won't see any toilet paper. We tried to exit and sneak into the house, but it didn't work, we were so noisy we couldn't stop talking or laughing. We were too loud and we couldn't hear the other kids riding their bikes. They got closer and we realized it was some other friends we met at school who got the board and went for a bike ride. They helped us @CAPS1 some houses and it was getting late so we decided to go back. This @DATE1 is something I will never forget, we had so much fun and we agree we never laughed so much about anything. It's been a tough year for all of us, and it's been nice to see some familiar faces and spend time with some true friends like in the past.
Laughter is an important part of my family. We laugh together, we breathe together, and we die together. When it comes to bringing @CAPS1 together as a family, in addition to having fun, loving each other, and the quality of time spent together, what makes @CAPS1 laugh and what keeps @CAPS1 close. For me, my siblings, and parents make sure to have a good time to laugh, one is upset or the other is crazy. It doesn't matter what's the total time @CAPS3, we have the best time even though @CAPS2 is when one of us doesn't want to see each other. I spent an adventurous day with one of my close friends, @LOCATION1, we figured it was time to go home and get ready for me to sleep over @CAPS2 her house. When @LOCATION1, I stomped on @CAPS3 in my house so much of the uproar and shouted, we decided maybe we should just sit down and figure out what's going on. When we sat down, we started bust-laughing @CAPS2 sight of my stepdad, @PERSON1 yelling @CAPS2 my big sister, @ORGANIZATION1. We don't know what just happened, but we really want to find out. "I can't believe @CAPS1 just can't go next door to @PERSON2's house and ask for toilet paper when I've been sitting anxiously on the couch with the hope that @CAPS1 will bring me toilet paper for an hour. However, they came Our home and asking about our plunger is far more awkward," @PERSON1 said. As soon as the words slammed into his mouth we started cracking laughs. It felt like my stomach was tightening so much that I couldn't breathe. As much attitude as @CAPS1 can put into your tone, @ORGANIZATION1 has said, "@CAPS1 doesn't need toilet paper to clean up! @CAPS1 can easily jump in the shower and use the shower head to wash off the stern!" @CAPS2 this @CAPS3 is no turning back @CAPS2 what she said. My stepfather was furious that she would even say something like that. Without any hesitation @CAPS6 picked up the phone quickly and dialed my mother's number. Wait, wait for her to warm up. Suddenly, @LOCATION1 I heard a voice on the phone. @PERSON1 started screaming, telling my mom about the situation. It got to the point where @CAPS6 said something @CAPS6 shouldn't have said. When the language snapped his tongue @CAPS6 started stuttering. @CAPS6 said, "@CAPS3 doesn't have toilet paper and @ORGANIZATION1 won't go and grab me some house from @PERSON2. Unfortunately, I had to get up, my hands were wet, and after washing my hands, I wiped mine Ass with my own hands". @CAPS3 no hard laughs because we can stop us. Something I've never heard of, so the annoying thing is that it makes me want to vomit all over our leather sofa. @CAPS6 was so eager to put my sister's phone in there @CAPS6 asked for it immediately in front of my mother. @If my mom told him, @CAPS6 can't take it away CAPS6 doesn't even care. @CAPS6 wants to own it, @CAPS6 knows how my sister would feel. Not only did @CAPS6 take her phone, but @CAPS6 took her right to use toilet paper after using the bathroom. I don't know how long I laughed at this, but it felt like I was trying to pee all over myself. As @LOCATION1 and I continue to laugh @CAPS6 run up the stairs as fast as @CAPS6 can rummage through all the bathrooms in our house to every last little square to get toilet paper, @CAPS3 too. Sadly @CAPS6 even took off the shower head so my sister wouldn't be able to use it to wash herself too. My mother came home and @CAPS3 is nothing to say. @CAPS6 So embarrassing, we've heard @CAPS6 wiped his ass, his hands. Not only that, but I've taken this story as my state visited on @CAPS5 and @CAPS6. I didn't mention it by any name other than @LOCATION1 and me, but the fact that @CAPS6 knows this story is about him doing his cheeks turn red like cherries. @PERSON1 is starting to wonder. My sister said @CAPS3 had no toilet paper and when @CAPS6 asked @CAPS3 was it napkins she also said, "No." @CAPS6 started looking through the cupboards and quickly found napkins. @CAPS6 is pissed, but @CAPS2 laughs really hard at the same time. @CAPS6 feels on the bright side of the situation @CAPS6 should be looking for. It's been a week and my stepdad, @PERSON1 still hasn't got a roll of toilet paper in the bathroom. @CAPS6 said, "@CAPS1 @MONTH1 thought it was funny when it happened to me, but it would be funny when @CAPS1 didn't have any toilet paper."
Laughter is an important part of any relationship, be it your family, friends or your significant other. Now let me tell you why this is important, there are two weeks left of school and my family is planning to go camping for a week. School is finally over and we are all saying goodbye to all our friends next year. My parents came to pick us up in a "@CAPS1" that looked like a normal school bus. We are now getting ready to go to our campsite. Now you would think that going camping is about bringing the family together and having fun. But none of my brothers were locked into their video games, my mom and sister were playing on their phones while my dad was driving. I even asked them why they were bringing electronics and the answer I got was just "because". Finally I decided to let go and read until we got to our camp. Finally we arrived and the first thing we did was uninstall @CAPS1 and set everything up so we could be comfortable. We were all around the campfire that same night, where as usual my family was playing video games, cell phones or whatever they thought they would need in the wilderness. As I sat by the fire, I gazed at the stars overhead and began to wonder if my family would always be this way and never be a close, fun or even exciting family. The next morning, after we both woke up and my parents were making breakfast, my mom asked me if I remembered closing the @CAPS1 door before going to bed in my tent, I said no, I forgot how my mom got it I was a little angry and asked my sister to collect it. When she got to the door, she heard the sound and went in to see what it was. Before I could blink, I saw her rush out of @CAPS1 and scream from the top of her lungs. Just behind her, a group or group of raccoons are chasing her! My dad tried to be a hero, ran up to them, tried to scare them off, failed and got bitten in the ass. Luckily my dad is @CAPS5 but when we were all upset the raccoon left with our food. My dad was pissed that he kicked the only log that stopped @CAPS1 from rolling away. It immediately started moving and we all watched it go down the hill until it rode into the lake. Slowly it started disappearing and once it was completely out of sight we all went to the lake to stare at the great lake that devoured @CAPS1 wondering what we would do without vehicles. When we returned to camp, you could hear my family arguing from miles away. Not paying attention to what was in front of them, my mom fell into a mud puddle and my dad tried to get her out but slipped in too. Once they came out, they looked so furious, it looked as if they were ready to summon Mother Nature to fight. Once we got back to camp, we sat down and I took a close look at each of us. Our clothes were soaked and muddy, we were all hungry and not in a good mood. I sat there saying dad don't get more pissed, but I thought it was funny the raccoon bit your ass and I showed him the picture I took. Then my family all looked at it and started laughing and we all suddenly started talking, literally like family! We decided to walk home to hitch a ride and we walked for an hour on the road until we got a pickup from a local truck driver we saw on the road. When we got home we talked more and we spent more time together and we were really like the perfect family I wish I could have. That camping trip changed all of us and I'm so glad it did because now I'm closer to my family than ever! This is how I can prove that laughter is an important part of any relationship.
Some time ago on a hot @DATE1 day, my @NUM1, @PERSON3, @PERSON1, @PERSON4 and @PERSON2. Wanted to do something that would take us out of the extreme heat. So we sit down and talk to find out what we can do and what we want to go. So @PERSON7 has a couple of ideas, one is to go to @LOCATION3's house, if it's air conditioned, his other idea is to walk @NUM2 miles to the @CAPS1 swimming hole, but the only reason he wants to go is because his girlfriend will There, really know a guy who hates @CAPS1 but no one wants to walk that far in the heat and walk back to @CAPS3 @NUM3 with three thoughts his first thought was to walk to his uncle's house @NUM4 Miles away to see if we can get a ride to @CAPS4 @CAPS5, his second thought was to go to our friend @PERSON5's house to swim in his built-in pool, his third thought was to go to the backyard, I use soft Pipe squirting ourselves. @PERSON1 has two ideas, one is to see if he can get his mom to fill his tank with the money he lent him and give it back to her, and his other is that if he gets, his other One idea was to drive to the coast and camp there for a few days with money from his mom. Byron has three ghetto ideas, one is to dive in the fountain next to @ORGANIZATION1 and get out quickly before we get in trouble, the second is to go to @LOCATION4...AKA @CAPS6 @CAPS7 jump the fence and he To let us in, his third thought was to go to a nursing home and swim in the pool there because he said he knew @NUM5 had three ideas one was to walk a mile to the fork and the second was to walk a @NUM4 mile Outer Creek The third idea was to get a whole bunch of fans to throw them out of the @CAPS3 room. I went with @PERSON1 to discuss his idea pf going to the coast and it's not because I like camping on the beach so it smells good most of the time, so yeah I'm going to the coast for real. So we sat and waited and waited and waited and @PERSON1's mom finally called us and his phone rang and we were all excited, but it was just his grandma calling him and we were all depressed. So again we wait for @NUM7 phone ringing from @ORGANIZATION3 for what seems to be a never-ending call, this time we have no hope, we think it's someone else but guess what it actually is this time @PERSON1's mom she said she would borrow Money for him but us boys have to do something for her, she wanted us to bimor off work to pick @CAPS9 and buy her some cigars for @PERSON1's grandpa, so we did. We packed our clothes, blankets, sleeping bags, food, camping supplies and wood. An hour later, it's @NUM4 @CAPS10.M. We went to Chevron to fill up the @PERSON1 gas tank and then we went to the @ORGANIZATION2 city @LOCATION1 and the drive seemed almost 2 hours but what a beautiful ride, long tunnels, beautiful rivers, mountains, oh who can Forget the beautiful tall mangrove @LOCATION1 and the smell of that forest, you can smell it from almost any car. I thought it was funny that as we got closer to the coast the temperature dropped to @NUM9 degrees @CAPS11 and everyone was in a good mood and could smell the coastal air. When we got to camp we ran to the beach because people jumped in and looked at us like we were crazy because we swam @NUM10 feet in @NUM9 degree water and it was funny because people wouldn't' Don't stop talking but then we found out we were swimming in a red zone, was there a tide advisory so after that we were really @LOCATION2 and we realized we didn't have propane so we had to go into town to get propane for our stove so We did and we had the best hotdog ever dipped in @ORGANIZATION4 honey and it was delicious. We were on the coast for a night before @PERSON6 was called to work so we had to leave and go back to @CAPS12 @CAPS6 @CAPS13 it was a way of resistance and it was too hot to come back and we're not happy The weather was unpleasant, but when we got back @CAPS3 Mom wanted to go to the river, so in the end all was well.
In most stories mother and daughter are either enemies or friends, however in @CAPS13's story we are both enemies and friends; at one point, we were just that. No longer @CAPS4. I'm sixteen now, she's forty, just a friend, I mean she's still a @CAPS13 mom and she can still punish me as her daughter as she pleases, but we're all for it and laughing at it. About seven months ago, @CAPS13 mom moved from @LOCATION4 to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 I chose to stay and finish high school with @CAPS13's current friends. When she moved, we would behave differently to each other, and we all behaved differently to each other, and we now cherish the little time we have, and I'll explain how. In the beginning, for as long as I can remember, @CAPS13 Mom and I were always fighting over the stupidest things, we never got along. That's why I think. I am her daughter and I was born like her, her face, hair, eyes, everything, even @CAPS13's attitude and @CAPS13's laughter. She's stubborn and I'm stubborn, we both like to argue, not really with other people, just with the two of us, but if we do business together, things will get done, like if we become lawyers, we'll work together, Because I inherited her work ethic, we both like to argue about valid points. But as I got older and we went through trauma together, we started to see the brighter side of life, and just being around each other was enough to keep us from falling apart. Events in our lives brought us together @CAPS1 and it's all done. I mean, we stop fighting, we console each other when we need comfort, we become friends, and I believe laughter has a lot to do with that. @CAPS13 Mom, her name is @LOCATION5, once said "Laughter brings two people together, one thing human beings know is laughter, and it's something we can all share." @CAPS1 Our lives have settled down , we are able to live a normal life like having a house and lights and a dog with a yard, we have a good relationship, we still fight a lot, but never like we used to. That includes throwing things at each other in the room, and like I said, it's much better now. One night, we found out that laughter is what we both use to stop the things we no longer want to bother us. I love to sing and @CAPS13 mom and @CAPS11 made me grow up with music; @CAPS2, @LOCATION3, @PERSON2, @PERSON4 and many others, but together we'll sing a song that only the two of us share , which is "@CAPS3're @CAPS4 @CAPS5" by @PERSON3. But we'll sing that song in the car, we'll sing it in front of our family, and we'll laugh when @CAPS1 ends because this time it's just @CAPS13 mom to share with me, it's special. The laughter is among us today played an important role. Always something people do together, @CAPS13 mom grew up in a strict @CAPS6 @CAPS7 home, she has four older sisters, @CAPS8 is a serious business. @CAPS13 Mom and I went to @CAPS8, we always try not to take life seriously @CAPS4, @CAPS4 And in @CAPS8 we would start @CAPS15 about some kind of ugly bug on the wall or she would laugh because I would Put the prayer book on @CAPS13's feet, but we'll always laugh. "@CAPS10 or I'll bring @CAPS11 @CAPS12 here, @CAPS3 will have to take extra religious classes." @CAPS13 Mom will say, when I'm poking her or making fun of her, "@CAPS14 won't Put me in extra classes and I'll tell him @CAPS3 started it." That's who @CAPS13 mom and I were and are. Even though she moved to @LOCATION2 for a new job, and @CAPS4 she can see the man she loves more often than every six months, we still talk, like I said, we laugh when we cry, Boy, do we cry a lot, especially on the phone when I tell her I miss her. That's the story of the @CAPS13 mom and the laughs we've shared over the past sixteen years, quoting @PERSON1 "@CAPS15 is the best calorie burner." I do believe it, @CAPS13 mom and I think so Yes, @CAPS15 is one thing we can do when we don't feel @CAPS4 hot or feel like ourselves, @CAPS4 yes she was right when she said that laughter brought the two together, It's true, our relationship is better than ever.
I never understood what laughter was the shortest distance between two people, tell me to date @PERSON2. We started dating in @NUM1 grade. @CAPS6 Indeed, you @MONTH1 think it's puppy love, @CAPS4 I still think it's true love to this day. We live about an hour and a half apart and only see each other two or three times a month, @CAPS4 It's still the best time of my life, we had all the good and fun times. We met through my ex boyfriend and his best friend @PERSON1 @CAPS1. @PERSON1 went to school with me, @PERSON1's mom and nicks' mom are best friends, so they grew up together and are best friends. To sum up how we met, I was dating @PERSON1 and was supposed to go to the movies with him and his friends, @CAPS4 @PERSON1 didn't show up so I got stuck with @PERSON2 and we hit it off. We were in The more time we spent together, the more we laughed, had fun, and, on top of that, made memories that will last a lifetime. If we couldn't meet, we would chat on the phone for hours. (When I say hours, I mean, @NUM2 hours.) Or we'll be texting nonstop. We'll have some funny jokes, talk about people we hate, talk about family, and at the end @CAPS4 especially make fun of each other. We will only have so many good times, just talking and laughing during our time. After about @NUM2 months of dating, things got the worst. "I can't do this kind of long distance stuff anymore" @PERSON2 said. "@CAPS2? @CAPS2 Can't we fix it?" I said tearfully. ""@CAPS3 is not far from us. "@PERSON2 with hesitation in his tone." @CAPS4 Thinking about all the good times we've had? Have we had all the laughter and happy hour? "I started smiling, just thinking about all those times we had. @CAPS5 Yeah, is @CAPS4 that far from us?" @PERSON2 said. " @CAPS6 yes, as long as we have each other, it's not against us. Hehe" I said knowing he was slowly changing his mind. "@CAPS7 Now I know I need you," he said with a smile behind his back. Everything was fine after that night, for a while. We fought like that, and then my family and his family made it hard for us to be together. @CAPS4 We did it for a year and a half. @CAPS4 Even after a year and a half of our lives, we still can't do it. There's never a laugh or a good time together. @CAPS4 did keep us together for that long. Laughter has made a big difference in this relationship, and I thank God. Even on this different day, I can still look back and laugh at all the good and fun times we had together. Laughter can bring two people from afar, @CAPS4 the real question is how long can laughter keep them together? one day? a year? three years? Or maybe a lifetime? Only time will tell.
When you laugh, is @CAPS5 out of habit, or @CAPS1 for reasons? What is the reason for laughing? @CAPS1 Is it even a "reason" for laughter? I'm sure if you were to get the opinion of a scientist, there would be an in-depth technical explanation of the causes of laughter; but does that mean that laughter is just a message sent from the brain to the required muscles? of course not! The real reason is what the brain says or does to send information to the muscles it needs to make a person laugh. So what makes people laugh? A funny joke, a pointless act, a misunderstanding? @CAPS5 can be anything! Without a doubt, one of the things that makes people laugh is having a good time with a friend or two. @DATE1, @CAPS3 sister @PERSON4 and I were out on an adventure before we knew it. We went to @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 to visit our best friends @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 who happen to be almost identical in character to @CAPS3 sister and me; @PERSON2 is like @PERSON4 and @PERSON3 is like me. Now, whenever the four of us get together, @CAPS1 has no idea what kind of humor and crazy memories we'll come home with; all we know is that hanging out together @CAPS8 failed to brighten our days, nor did Put a smile on our face. Both @PERSON3 and I desperately need each other's full attention and lift on this special day. She and I were both going through a rough time with some friends from our school (weirdly, we both had friendship issues with a guy named @PERSON1, we didn't even go to the same school), so after some discussion in Between our parents, they agreed that @PERSON2 would pick up @LOCATION3, @PERSON4 would pick me up, and all would meet somewhere to take our focus off the confrontational situation we both endured. We decided to meet @LOCATION2, @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 at home. As we pulled into their driveway, I could feel the excitement in @CAPS3's body, as if the emotion was trapped in some sort of storage container inside me, too small to hold everything inside. The @CAPS3 seatbelt was off and I was half way out of the car before the car's engine completely shut down. Once @CAPS3 slid and ran to the door, I slammed @CAPS5 shut. To the surprise of @CAPS3, @CAPS5 is unlocked! I pushed @CAPS5 away in disgust, yelling "I'm heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" @CAPS1 was the room-filling laughter. I hugged them both tightly, almost as if @PERSON3 and I had already planned our next move, and as we sat down on the couch we immediately started talking about the events of the day. Can only hear, "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4! I have to tell you what happened today!" "I can't believe she said that!" or "...she said...and then I was like...so she said ..." @CAPS5 It's like we're starting a dramatic teen's life straight from the movie. It's business as usual. @PERSON2 and @PERSON4 live in the dining room close to @PERSON3 and me, she and I sit on the far side of the couch, still fully immersed in our similar high school freshman world. They were completely immersed in their own conversations about the old memories we had together. Suddenly @PERSON2 shouted: "@CAPS2! @PERSON3 I baked you brownies!" @CAPS7 was caught off guard by his gaze, and we fell into laughter again, although this time, we headed to the kitchen to look for said brownies . When we arrived, @CAPS1 had a plate of brownies sitting on the middle counter. @PERSON3 discovered @CAPS5 and gave us each a napkin with a piece of chocolate cake on top. We stood together, leaning against the tiled counter, enjoying our brownies and each other's company. Suddenly @CAPS1 was a dull moment; no one said anything. As if to fill the silence before the timer runs out, @PERSON2 blurts out, "@PERSON4, are you wearing a wig?" @CAPS8 In our lives, any of us laugh as much as we do. @PERSON3 fell to the ground, @PERSON2 and @PERSON4 were leaning against each other to prevent falling, I completely rolled over, desperately trying to shove a fresh sip of milk into @CAPS3's mouth. Minutes have passed and we are still laughing at the ill-timed remarks. To this day, @PERSON4 and I recall that afternoon and the laughter we shared with our very, very good friends.
Stumbling on the fence I'm @NUM1 years younger and all I remember is laughing hysterically in these short @NUM1 years. Whether it's about some stupid thing I did, or my best friend doing something stupid, or most of the time we get together and do something outrageous. Someone once said that "laughing is the shortest distance between two people". That's it for me and my best friend @ORGANIZATION2. I always get a good ab workout whenever I'm with her because I'm always laughing. This is my @NUM3 grade in @ORGANIZATION1 at @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION3. I hang out with my best friend @ORGANIZATION2 on my lunch break outside. I showed her the new jeans I just bought the day before at @LOCATION2. I also told her to pass me a note of a boy who seemed to have had a crush on me for a while, and the boy also asked me out on the note. @ORGANIZATION2 had asked me if she could see it and when I handed it to her, all of a sudden she threw the note over the fence. Apparently this guy is not approved by @ORGANIZATION2. I couldn't leave this guy hanging, especially at the time, I liked him back. I begged @ORGANIZATION2 to give me my note back, but she refused. What should I do, just leave an unanswered note on the other side of the fence? No, the only solution is to jump over the fence and grab it. So I, I may add, was wearing my new jeans and nearly stepped over the fence and ripped a big hole in the inner thigh of my brand new jeans. I'm so pissed. I grabbed the note and climbed over the fence in my new improved hobo jeans. On the way back, I lost my balance and fell off the fence. I ended up losing the note again and burying my head in a pile of mud and pine cones. I'm such an idiot, I climbed over that stupid fence, ripped my jeans, ripped it, lost my balance, and lost it again. I was so frustrated with myself that I started laughing. I'm not sure if it's because I'm embarrassed or what, but I randomly start crashing. Then @ORGANIZATION2 started laughing and I laughed when she laughed because her laughter was infectious. Soon we were both laughing hysterically like a couple of fools. "Laughter is really the shortest distance between two people" that day. Although I should probably be pissed off.... but why do it when @CAPS1 can mock it? That's what life is all about, life. With this silly and funny memory, it will stay with me forever. Especially now that @ORGANIZATION2 has moved. @MONTH1 looks silly, but it's funny to us. I guess this is really one of those "@CAPS1 has to be there" moments. But it reminds me of the good old days of @ORGANIZATION2. It was great to have memories filled with laughter. If @CAPS1 doesn't, your life will almost feel boring without it. Even @CAPS1 only mocks the smallest things in life. That's why for me, "laughing is the shortest distance between two people".
Many people believe that laughter can improve your life. Laughing releases endorphins that fuel your daily activities. Relationships are usually better when both people are happy. Happiness is like shaking a soda bottle. Happy emotions build up in your body, and when you're shaken, a flood of positive emotions, like laughing, are released. When I was born, my mother said I was the fattest baby in the world. When she said this, she smiled and kept thinking in her heart that I would become a young man after all. I giggled in the back seat of the car as we drove home together. My mother laughed until her eyes filled with tears, and she taught me to laugh at every opportunity. In my baby years, I giggled and laughed into puberty. When I hit puberty, I was diagnosed with @CAPS1 with @ORGANIZATION1, a mild form of autism @CAPS1 with multiple side effects. Some people with @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 have situations where their emotions don't actually show. This situation is similar to the physics of @CAPS3 @CAPS1. The main thing I have with @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 is that I don't receive all the information that was given to me at once. When people tell me a joke they think is funny, I tend to miss important parts of the joke that are funny. When the joke ended, everyone around was laughing, but I stood there blankly. Sometimes I tell people I can't laugh. Although I say this, I know it's not true. I can laugh, I'm having a really hard time finding the right time. Most of the time, I'll laugh at a situation that's really not funny, while everyone else's face is blank. It usually embarrassed me and I didn't feel normal. A lot of people tell me that I look expressionless and then try to cheer me up, or smile. I feel no need to smile, even in the happy times of my life. I can't laugh enough, but keep learning how to turn a bad situation into a good and happy one. It is important to learn that I can laugh at any time. I can laugh even when no one is telling a joke. Most people might look at me in a weird way, but I don't care because I'm the kind of person who feels happy inside. Laughter relieves stress, makes other people feel good, and makes people with intellectual disabilities feel more at ease in the communities in which they live. I finally learned that I can laugh like anyone, even with @CAPS1 from @ORGANIZATION1.
